id,title,text,label
12024,Police search Finnish reporter's home after security article,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finnish police searched a reporter s home and seized her computer after she tried to destroy the hard drive to protect sources linked to a security story, her newspaper reported. The journalist, Laura Halminen, said she tried to smash up her computer with a hammer in her home, but the laptop then started smoking and she called the fire brigade, according to an interview published by her employer Helsingin Sanomat. Police officers who came to her home with the fire service to investigate the blaze then took her computer and searched her property, police said - a rare operation in a country rated high for protecting press freedom. The case centered on a story that Halminen and another journalist wrote on Saturday about a Finnish intelligence center that they said monitored neighboring Russia and, they reported, was about to get new powers to watch Finns online.  After the article s publication, Finland s President Sauli Niinisto released a statement saying authorities had launched an investigation in to the leaking of material used in the story. The reporter Halminen told her newspaper in the interview she had decided to destroy the computer  to make sure sources were protected in the best possible way . On Sunday, the police s National Bureau of Investigation said, officers went to the property and found the computer burning in the basement.  After that, a special home search was ordered to be carried out in the apartment and basement,  the force added. It said officers had had to act quickly because they feared material linked to an investigation could be destroyed. There were no reports of anyone being arrested or charged. The newspaper said the police also took phones and memory sticks in what it called a  very worrying  raid.  A house search of this scale targeting a journalist is totally exceptional in Finland,  Editor-in-chief, Kaius Niemi, said. Campaign group Reporters Without Borders ranked Finland third in its 2017 World Press Freedom Index, behind only Sweden and Norway. ",1
12025,China air force drills in Sea of Japan and again around Taiwan,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s air force carried out another round of long-range drills on Monday, flying into the Sea of Japan and prompting South Korean and Japanese jets to scramble, and again around self-ruled Taiwan amid growing tension over China s assertiveness.   China has in recent months ramped up its long-range air force drills, particularly around Taiwan, claimed by China as its own.  The air force said in a statement that fighter and bomber aircraft flew through the Tsushima Strait that separates South Korea from Japan and into international waters in the Sea of Japan. The Sea of Japan is not Japan s, and the drills were lawful and reasonable, air force spokesman Shen Jinke said in the statement, describing the exercises as routine and pre-planned. The Japanese Defence Ministry said in a statement that the aircraft - two SU-30 fighters, two H-6 bombers and one TU-154 reconnaissance plane - had not violated Japan s airspace.  In Seoul, South Korea s Joint Chiefs of Staff said five Chinese military planes were spotted entering the Korean Air Defence Identification Zone, and fighter jets scrambled in response.  The Chinese aircraft also flew through Japan s Air Defence Identification Zone, they said.  Our fighter planes took normal tactical measures, identifying the models of the Chinese planes and flying aerial surveillance until they left,  the South Korean statement said. Chinese air force spokesman Shen alluded to the scrambled aircraft, saying they  responded to interference from foreign military aircraft  but were able to achieve the aim of their drill. Taiwan s military said that China had staged a separate drill at the same time, flying a plane through the Bashi Channel between Taiwan and the Philippines and then returning to base through the Strait of Miyako, to Taiwan s north and near Japan s southern islands. Taiwan monitored Japan sending F-15 fighters to intercept, Taiwan s defence ministry added in its statement. The Japanese Defence Ministry identified the plane as Y-8 electronic warfare aircraft. There was no violation of Japan s airspace in this instance either, the ministry said.     China s air force last week conducted  island encirclement patrols  near Taiwan, after a senior Chinese diplomat threatened that China would invade the self-ruled island if any U.S. warships made port visits there. China suspects Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, who leads the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, wants to declare the island s formal independence. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s security. China s air force exercises also come amid regional tensions over North Korea s nuclear and missile programmes, with bellicose rhetoric from both North Korea and U.S. President Donald Trump. ",1
12026,Somali security forces arrest former minister in raid,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Somali security forces have arrested a former minister and outspoken government critic after clashing with his bodyguards during an overnight raid on his home, the security ministry said on Monday. Abdirahman Abdishakur was a candidate in a February election won by President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed whose United Nations-backed government faces growing pressure over its failure to put an end to an Islamist militant insurgency. Abdishakur was arrested for treason, a spokesman for the Internal Security Ministry Abdiasis Ali told reporters at a news conference, without giving more details.  He also declined to comment on reports that five bodyguards were killed and that Abdishakur had  been lightly injured during the raid.  The former minister was legally arrested by decree from the attorney general and internal security minister. He was accused of treason. His guards fought the security forces,  he said. A policeman and a local elder told Reuters earlier that five bodyguards were killed during the raid. The elder, Abdullahi Ali, also said Abdishakur had been injured on the arm by a stray bullet.   At the same news conference on Monday, attorney general Ahmed Ali Dahir described Abdishakur s house as a hub for the opposition and a gathering point for people  who want to collapse the government.   We also warn those who meet at hotels,  he added. Many Somali officials including lawmakers live in fortified hotels for the security they offer. Before Sunday s raid Dahir had accused two other lawmakers of treason, prompting Abdishakur to post an angry response on Facebook.   Let lawmakers be strangled, let their immunity be removed: This is a hopeless attack which portrays despair.  The raid drew condemnation from other politicians.   What the government is doing is against Islam and healthy politics,  lawmaker Mahad Salad told Reuters.  We condemn the government s immoral act. We also order for the release of the ex-minister.  The presidential election in February was praised by Western aid donors as a modest step forward from the previous election but the insurgency is striking with ever larger and more deadly attacks in the capital and major towns.  More than 500 people were killed in twin bomb blasts in Mogadishu in October. Last week a suicide bomber killed at least 18 people at a Mogadishu police academy.  The government is also struggling under political infighting and a very weak central state. Reuters reported last week that the United States is suspending food and fuel aid for most of Somalia s armed forces over corruption concerns, a blow to the military as African peacekeepers start to withdraw this month. [L3N1O64MI] ",1
12027,Belgian trial of Paris attack suspect postponed to Feb. 5,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The Belgian trial of a key suspect in the November 2015 Islamic State attack on Paris was postponed on Monday for seven weeks, after Saleh Abdeslam s newly appointed lawyer asked for more time to study the case. Granting the request, the judge set a new trial date of Feb. 5. A French national but a lifelong Brussels resident, Abdeslam fled back to Belgium after the attacks in Paris that killed 130 people, hiding from police for four months before being detained in March last year. Four days later, on March 22, 2016, Brussels was hit by twin bomb attacks that killed 32 people. Investigators believe that those behind the Paris and Brussels suicide attacks were linked and that Abdeslam, whose elder brother blew himself up at a Paris cafe on Nov. 13, 2015, is one of the few surviving participants. Held facing trial in France, he will be transferred to Belgium to first stand trial there, with an alleged accomplice, for attempted murder as Abdeslam evaded capture during a shootout with Brussels police three days before his arrest. Abdeslam, who was not in court on Monday, appointed a new lawyer only last week and his counsel asked for more time to prepare the defense. ",1
12028,Merkel wants initial coalition deal with SPD by mid-January,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday she hoped to conclude exploratory talks with the Social Democrats (SPD) on forming a government by mid-January so that both parties can launch official negotiations on renewing their alliance. Merkel made the comments after she was asked if comments by French President Emmanuel Macron that he hoped to make progress with Germany on ideas to reform the euro zone by March were realistic.       We want to build a stable government,  Merkel said.  This means that the success of the exploratory talks means, in the view of the CDU, as well as the CSU, that we need to reach agreement on specific issues during the exploratory talks.   From our perspective, anything short of that would mean   the exploratory talks were not successful,  Merkel added. ",1
12029,Malaysian PM gets likely boost with electoral boundaries ruling,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak on Monday likely gained ground ahead of national elections next year when the Court of Appeal ruled that the Election Commission can go ahead with a controversial redrawing of voting boundaries. Critics have called out the government over what they describe as skewing the borders in Najib s favour in the redelineation process as he seeks to win a third term in an election that must be held by August. The government denies the charge. Opponents of the redrawing process say it does not address an imbalanced distribution of voters, instead shoving opposition-inclined voters into opposition-held seats to create super-constituencies and also reshaping constituencies to have more distinct ethnic majorities. Electoral boundaries were last shifted nationwide in 2003, and even then the undefeated Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition was accused of manipulating the process. The commission is now seeking to redraw boundaries for more than 120 parliamentary seats, more than half of the 222 seats in total. The Court of Appeal set aside a lower court s order barring the commission from the redrafting exercise amid a legal challenge by the government of the opposition-held state of Selangor over the constitutionality of the process.  The Election Commission has until September 2018 to finish the whole process. There is no urgency,  said Elizabeth Wong, an executive councillor with the Selangor state government, outside the court.  Something is happening to ensure that the prime minister and BN have this list of delineated seats to help them win Selangor,  Wong said in a recording heard by Reuters. The prime minister s office denied Wong s charge, saying the exercise is  is entirely normal, free from political interference  and managed independently by the commission.  The reality is that Malaysia s judiciary is free and fair. Decisions frequently go against the government, as is a matter of public record. The opposition only complain when decisions go against them,  Tengku Sariffuddin, Najib s press secretary, said in an emailed statement. Najib is under pressure to improve on BN s disastrous election outing in 2013, when it lost the popular vote. While BN is widely expected to win its 14th straight polls, Najib s prospects are tempered by voters angered by rising living costs and an unprecedented challenge by former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has joined hands with jailed opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim and now leads the opposition. ",1
12030,Rush for free food packets kills 10 at Bangladesh prayer meeting,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Hundreds of people rushed to a Bangladeshi community centre prayer meeting to get free food packets on Monday, killing at least 10 people and injuring more than 50 in the crush, police said. The family of a former mayor in the southern port city of Chittagong had organised a prayer meet and offered the food packets in his memory.   We repeatedly announced on the loudspeaker that there are  adequate stock of foods at the centre, but when the gate was opened, hundreds of people tried to enter at the same time,  Devashis Paul, a local leader of the ruling Awami League party, said.   ",1
12031,Germany ties Iraq aid to peaceful resolution of conflict with Kurds,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany on Monday said its continued support for Iraq and the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government was contingent on peaceful efforts by both sides to resolve their differences. The German government has provided more than 1 billion euros  ($1.2 billion) in humanitarian, development and stabilization aid to Iraq since 2014, making it one of the biggest international donors.  Our support is for Iraq as a unified state,  Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told reporters after meeting with KRG Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani in Berlin.   We want to continue that, but the precondition is that Iraq solves its internal conflicts peacefully and democratically, and that we find a way out of the tense situation we are in now.  Gabriel noted that Germany had warned the Kurdish region against holding the Sept. 25 referendum, in which Iraqi Kurds voted overwhelmingly to break away from Iraq, and said the goal was to restore dialogue between the two sides. The Kurdish vote was rejected by Baghdad and triggered an Iraqi military offensive that recaptured disputed areas of the north from Kurdish Peshmerga fighters. Gabriel said Berlin would push the government in Baghdad to respond to offers of dialogue by the KRG. Barzani urged Germany to  play a stronger role in bringing us together . Barzani also thanked Germany for supporting his region s fight against Islamic State, and training Peshmerga fighters. The German parliament voted last week to extend its military mission in northern Iraq, around 150 strong, to the end of March to allow a new government to weigh a longer extension. But the rise in tensions between Kurds and Baghdad has raised concern in Germany about the mission s future. After failing to agree on a new government with two smaller parties, Chancellor Angela Merkel is now trying to rebuild the  grand coalition  with the Social Democrats (SPD) that has ruled Germany for the past four years. It is unclear if Gabriel, a former SPD leader, would stay on as foreign minister if the two blocs reach a deal. ($1 = 0.8480 euros) ",1
12032,Turkey issues warrants for 106 'matchmakers' in cleric's network,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish authorities issued detention warrants on Monday for 106 people believed to have worked as matchmakers for a network accused of orchestrating last year s failed military coup, a spokesman for the Istanbul police said. Sixty-two of the suspects had been detained in the operation centered in Istanbul and spread over 20 other provinces, he said. Operations to locate the rest were ongoing. The suspects were  marriage officials  for supporters of the U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who the Turkish government says was behind the failed July 2016 coup, the spokesman said. Gulen denies any involvement in the coup attempt. They were believed to have helped set up arranged marriages for some of Gulen s followers, he said. Turkish officials say the Gulen network closely monitored the personal and professional lives of some supporters, including their education, careers and marriages.  Turkish police and state intelligence officials identified the suspects in a joint operation using conversations traced on ByLock, an encrypted messaging application commonly used by Gulen s supporters, the spokesman said. Turkey has identified 215,092 users of ByLock and has launched investigations into 23,171 of them, the interior minister said last month. More than 50,000 people, including security officials, military personnel and civil servants, have been detained in the aftermath of the coup. The crackdown has alarmed Turkey s Western allies and rights groups, who say President Tayyip Erdogan is using the coup as a pretext to muzzle dissent. The government says the measures, taken under emergency rule that was imposed after the coup, are necessary due to the security threats Turkey faces. ",1
12033,Kremlin says U.S. tip-off about planned attack 'saved many lives',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A U.S. tip-off about a planned attack in St. Petersburg helped save many lives and Russia and the United States should try to cooperate in the same way in future, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Monday. Washington provided intelligence to Russia that helped thwart a potentially deadly bombing, U.S. and Russian officials said on Sunday, in a rare public show of cooperation despite deep strains between the two countries.  It cannot be called anything but an ideal example of cooperation in fighting terrorism,  Peskov told reporters at a conference call.  We should aim for such standards.  The tip-off resulted in the detention of seven alleged supporters of the Islamic State militant group in St. Petersburg last week, Peskov said. Russia s Federal Security Service said on Friday that IS had planned attacks in public places on Dec. 16 and weapons and explosives were found when the suspects were searched. Peskov said Russian and American security services have contacts but this was the first time when their cooperation was so efficient.  This was very meaningful information that helped to save many lives,  the spokesman told reporters. Asked if President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump and Putin had discussed a possible meeting, Peskov replied that the issue  had not been brought up yet . ",1
12034,Russia's Lavrov and Iran's Zarif discuss nuclear issue by phone: Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and his Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif discussed the Middle East and Iran s nuclear deal in a phone conversation, Russian foreign ministry said on Monday. ",1
12035,Germany expects close relationship with new Austrian government,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany expects to work closely together with Austria s new government, government spokesman Steffen Seibert said on Monday when asked if Berlin had reservations about the presence in the new coalition of a far-right party.  We are open to and prepared for a close and trusting relationship with the new Austrian government,  Seibert told a regular news conference held some minutes after the new Vienna government, a coalition of the centre-right with the far-right Freedom Party, was sworn in. Asked if he had concerns about cooperating with a foreign ministry or security services under the control of far-right ministers, he said:  We do not comment on ministerial assignments, especially not those made by our friends and neighbours.  ",1
12036,Myanmar journalists' group to don black T-shirts over arrest of Reuters' reporters,"YANGON (Reuters) - A group of Myanmar journalists said they would begin wearing black T-shirts on Saturday in protest at the detention of two Reuters reporters accused of violating the country s Official Secrets Act, as pressure builds on Myanmar to release the pair. The Protection Committee for Myanmar Journalists, a group of local reporters who have demonstrated against past prosecutions of journalists, decried the  unfair arrests that affect media freedom . In a statement on Facebook, the committee said its members would don black T-shirts  to signify the dark age of media freedom  in Myanmar. They demanded the unconditional and immediate release of the two reporters, Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27.  Journalists all over the country are urged to take part in the Black Campaign,  the group said. It said it also planned to stage official protests and prayers. The group has staged several protests on behalf of arrested reporters from other media this year, including one in June in which around 100 journalists took part. It was not immediately clear how many journalists have joined the black T-shirt protest. The Protection Committee for Myanmar Journalists was formed in response to the arrest in June of a newspaper editor over the publication of a cartoon that made fun of the military, said video journalist A Hla Lay Thu Zar - one of the group s 21-member executive committee.  A reporter must have the right to get information and write news ethically,  said A Hla Lay Thu Zar in reference to the case of the two Reuters  journalists. Myo Nyunt, deputy director for Myanmar s Ministry of Information, told Reuters the case had nothing to do with press freedom.  It s related to the Official Secrets Act,  he said.  Journalists should be able to tell what is secret and what is not... We already have press freedom. There s freedom to write and speak... There s press freedom if you follow the rules.  Asked about the local reporters   black campaign , he said:  Everyone can express his feelings.       The journalists were arrested on Tuesday evening after they were invited to dine with police officers on the outskirts of Myanmar s largest city, Yangon. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, the President of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani, and government officials from Canada, Britain, Sweden, and Bangladesh, have all called for their release. The two reporters had worked on Reuters coverage of a crisis that has seen an estimated 655,000 Rohingya Muslims flee from a fierce military crackdown on militants in western Rakhine state. The Ministry of Information said the journalists had  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media , and released a photo of the pair in handcuffs. It said they were being investigated under the 1923 Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. Human rights advocates say press freedom is under attack in Myanmar, where the young civilian-led government of Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi shares power with the military that ran the country for decades. At least 11 journalists have been detained in 2017, although some have since been released. Police told Wa Lone s wife on Thursday that the reporters were taken from Htaunt Kyant police station in north Yangon by an investigation team to an undisclosed location shortly after their arrest. They added the reporters would be brought back to the station in  two to three days at most . It is now four days since they were detained. Separately, police lieutenant colonel Myint Htwe of the Yangon Police Division told Reuters on Thursday the reporters  location would not be disclosed until the investigation was complete.  Since then, the authorities have not provided any further information on their whereabouts. ",1
12037,Voting to elect president of South Africa’s ANC closes: delegate,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Voting for the new leader of South Africa s ruling ANC ended on Monday about ten hours after delegates began casting ballots for either Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa or Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, a senior party source told Reuters.  Voting for top 6 is done,  said the source, referring to the position of president of the African National Congress and the party s five other senior posts. ",1
12038,"Yemen air strike kills eight women, two children, say residents","DUBAI (Reuters) - Eight women and two children from the same Yemeni family were killed when an air strike by forces of the Saudi-led coalition involved in the country s three-year-old war hit a wedding party, residents said on Monday. The 10 people were returning on Sunday evening from a wedding in Marib province, an area east of the capital Sanaa held by the Iran-allied Houthi group, when their vehicle was struck, the sources said. A spokesman for the coalition, which denies targeting civilians and says that every report of an attack is investigated, did not respond to an email requesting comment.  The residents said the victims, all female, were part of the same family, but gave no further details on their ages or if anyone else was traveling with them. The coalition has been conducting regular air strikes in Houthi-held areas as part of a campaign to restore President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to power. The United Nations says that more than 60,000 people have been killed or wounded in the conflict, which also displaced more than two million and triggered a cholera epidemic that has infected about one million people. ",1
12039,Philippine Congress backs body cameras for police in bloody war on drugs,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippine Congress approved a bill that removes a proposed 900 million pesos ($17.87 million) for the police war on drugs, now that police are no longer leading the operation, but which provides them with body cameras to record arrests. Senator Loren Legarda, the head of senate s finance committee, said on Monday that Congress re-allotted the police-requested budget because the Drug Enforcement Agency was now leading the controversial war on drugs in which thousand of suspected dealers and users have been killed. The bill, approved by Congress last week, is expected to be endorsed by President Rodrigo Duterte, who launched the crackdown, on Tuesday. Duterte this month ordered the police to return to the drugs war, following a near eight-week layoff, but in a supporting role only. Most of the money steered away from the war on drugs would go towards military and police housing, and the balance would be used to buy body cameras for police engaged in anti-drug operations.  Maybe they would be fearful if they are monitored, to lessen if not totally eliminate untoward incidents,  Legarda told the ANC news channel. The anti-narcotics crackdown has drawn international criticism, with rights groups pointing out lapses in police operations and alleged executions of drug suspects. Police say they have shot dead more than 3,900 drug suspects in self-defence during the 17-month campaign, but surveys have showed doubts among Filipinos about the validity of police accounts. ",1
12040,India's muted response to Trump's Jerusalem move stokes Arab unease,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - A dozen Arab ambassadors have asked India to clarify its position on the U.S recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, diplomatic sources said, after New Delhi s muted response suggested a shift in support for the Palestinian cause. U.S. President Donald Trump abruptly reversed decades of U.S. policy this month when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, generating outrage from Palestinians. Trump also plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. Countries around the world, including U.S. allies Britain and France, criticized Trump s decision, but India did not take sides. Instead, the Indian foreign ministry in a brief statement, said India s position was consistent and independent of any third party.  The bland statement made no reference to Jerusalem and prompted criticism at home that it was insufficient, vague and anti-Palestinian. Israel maintains that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state and say Trump s move has left them marginalized and jeopardized any hopes of a two-state solution.  Last week, envoys from Arab states including Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Kuwait based in New Delhi met Indian junior foreign minister M.J. Akbar to brief the government about an Arab League meeting on Dec. 9 condemning the U.S. decision, a diplomatic and an Indian government source said. The envoys also sought a more forthright Indian response, the sources said.  But Akbar gave no assurance and the Indian source said the government had no plans for a further articulation on Jerusalem, which is at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.  Akbar did not promise anything,  the diplomatic source briefed on the meeting said, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of diplomatic sensitivities.  India was one of the earliest and vocal champions of the Palestinian cause during the days it was leading the Non-Aligned Movement while it quietly pursued ties with Israel. But under Prime Minister Narendra Modi, New Delhi has moved to a more open relationship with Israel, lifting the curtain on thriving military ties and also homeland security cooperation. Modi s Hindu nationalist ruling group views Israel and India as bound together in a common fight against Islamist militancy and long called for a public embrace of Israel.  Modi in July made a first trip to Israel by an Indian prime minister and did not go to Ramallah, the headquarters of the Palestinian Authority and a customary stop for leaders trying to maintain a balance in political ties. P.R. Kumaraswamy, a leading Indian expert on ties with Israel at New Delhi s Jawaharlal Nehru University, said a  major shift  on India s policy had been evident since early this year when Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas visited New Delhi.  With the Palestinian president standing by his side, Prime Minister Modi reiterated India s support for Palestinian statehood but carefully avoided any direct reference to East Jerusalem,  he said.  For decades, India s support for a Palestinian state was accompanied by an explicit reference to East Jerusalem being the Palestinian capital. But Delhi has moved to a more balanced position, refusing to take sides in an explosive dispute, he said. During the meeting last week, the ambassadors of Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Somalia and the Palestinian Authority spoke, the diplomatic source said. Besides the dozen envoys there were charges d affaires from several other countries in the region.    They were expecting more from India, perhaps to denounce Israel and the U.S.  said former Indian ambassador to Jordan and Anil Trigunayat.  But would it really make a difference, adding one more voice?   ",1
12041,OAS says Honduran presidential election should be redone,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The Organization of American States (OAS) said late on Sunday that Honduras should hold new presidential elections, after the electoral tribunal declared conservative President Juan Orlando Hernandez the official winner of the bitterly contested Nov. 26 presidential vote. The tribunal said that Hernandez beat center-left challenger and TV star Salvador Nasralla by 1.53 percentage points, according to the official count, sparking fraud accusations and calls for renewed street protests. In a nationally televised address, tribunal head David Matamoros said all the challenges presented to it had been resolved and votes were recounted at select polling stations, declaring Hernandez  the president-elect for the Republic of Honduras.  OAS Secretary General Luis Almagro questioned the tribunal s decision.  The people of Honduras deserve an electoral process that confers them democratic quality and guarantees. The electoral process that the tribunal concluded today clearly did not provide that,  Almagro said in a statement. He said the election was marred by irregularities and deficiencies and called for a new general election. In a video posted on Facebook, Nasralla said it was clear there had been fraud  before, during and after  the election, calling the tribunal s decision a  desperate move.  The candidate said he was headed to Washington to meet with Almagro, as well as officials of the U.S. State Department. The outcome of those meetings would help determine what steps to take next, he added. The OAS electoral observer mission said late on Sunday it could not confirm that the election had been  intentionally manipulated  but added that the process had been riddled with issues. Honduras has been roiled by political instability and violent protests since the vote, which initial counts suggested Nasralla had won. The count has been questioned by the two main opposition parties, including the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship, headed by Nasralla, as well as a wide swath of the diplomatic corps. However, European Union election observers said the vote recount showed no irregularities.  After comparing a large random sample of voting records provided to us by the Alliance and the original records published on the tribunal s website, the mission observed that the results presented practically no differences,  said Jose Antonio de Gabriel, the adjunct head of the EU s mission. Former Honduran President Manuel Zelaya, who backed Nasralla, took to Twitter, saying Hernandez  is not our president  and urging people to take to the streets in protest. TV broadcast images of protesters setting up flaming barricades and blocking roads in cities around the country. The tribunal had initially declared Nasralla the leader in an announcement on the morning after the vote, with just over half of the ballot boxes counted. It then gave no further updates for about 36 hours. Once results started flowing in again, Nasralla s lead began narrowing and eventually disappeared. That prompted national protests, in which 22 people were killed, including two police officers, according to a tally by the Committee of Detained Disappeared Persons in Honduras. ",1
12042,"Gunmen seize building in Afghan capital, firing on security forces","KABUL (Reuters) - A group of armed men seized a building under construction in the Afghan capital on Monday and were exchanging fire with security forces in a heavily populated area, an official said.  The number of attackers, possible casualties and their target is not yet clear,  said Najib Danish, spokesman for the Ministry of Interior. The Afshar area of Kabul where the attack was under way is close to a facility of the National Directorate of Security, the main Afghan intelligence agency, as well as a private university. ",1
12043,Peru VP says committed to governing if president ousted,"LIMA (Reuters) - Neither of Peru s two vice presidents would open the door to new elections by resigning if President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski was forced from office, Second Vice President Mercedes Araoz told Reuters late on Sunday. Araoz said she was confident Kuczynski was innocent of wrongdoing regarding recently-disclosed links he once had with Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company at the center of Latin America s biggest graft scandal. If Kuczynski is as expected unseated by the opposition-run Congress in a vote on Thursday, First Vice President Martin Vizcarra would immediately replace him.  New national elections would only be called if both Vizcarra - a former governor of a copper-rich mining region and Peru s current ambassador to Canada - and Araoz resigned or left office before the scheduled end of Kuczynski s term in 2021. But Araoz ruled out that scenario.  We re going to ensure that this government continues in power. Peru elected the three of us and both of us vice presidents are going to defend our mandate,  Araoz said in a brief phone interview. Araoz  remarks were the first explicit assurance by Kuczynski s center-right government that it would not abandon the presidency, and will likely soothe investor fears about the prospect of elections that could sweep anti-establishment candidates to power as the graft scandal roils the country. Odebrecht has sent shockwaves through Latin American politics since admitting a year ago that it had won lucrative public work contracts in Peru and nine countries in the region through a network of bribes and kickback schemes. The scandal has landed elites in jail from Colombia to the Dominican Republic, but has hit particularly hard in Peru, where Odebrecht once had an outsized presence. With Kuczynski, a 79-year-old former Wall Street banker, and two former presidents engulfed in the scandal and several opposition leaders under investigation, a majority of Peruvians want Kuczynski and lawmakers in Congress to leave office and prefer new elections to be called, a poll by Ipsos showed on Sunday. But Araoz said that would risk derailing progress Peru has made since its return to democracy at the turn of the century.  We want our economy to keep growing, we want to maintain democracy, we want to avoid dictatorial actions,  Araoz said in a veiled swipe at the opposition. Congress is controlled by a right-wing opposition party headed by media-shy Keiko Fujimori, the daughter of former authoritarian leader Alberto Fujimori, who is in prison for graft and human rights violations. Over the past year, Fujimori s foes have alleged that her party would use its majority in Congress to unseat Kuczynski in retribution for unexpectedly defeating her in the 2016 election - warnings that Kuczynski was now seizing on.  There s an attack on democratic order,  Kuczynski said late on Sunday in a televised interview with a group of local journalists.  We have to defend democracy because it s the only tool that guarantees us a path to prosperity... I implore all to continue our trajectory.  Fujimori s surrogates have denied she has sought to unseat Kuczynski for political reasons and describe a motion passed on Friday to start  presidential vacancy  proceedings as part of her party s fight against corruption. Kuczynski once denied having any links to Odebrecht.  But last week Odebrecht sent Congress a requested report that detailed $4.8 million in deposits it made over a decade-long period starting in 2004 to companies owned by Kuczynski or a close business associate of his. The payments include about $600,000 in financial services Kuczynski provided for an Odebrecht project as a private citizen and about $800,000 transferred to a company owned by him during and shortly after holding senior government posts. Kuczynski apologized to Peruvians for not having explained his links to Odebrecht properly. He denied taking bribes or anything improper about the business transactions.  I m absolutely sure. There was no corruption here,  Kuczynski said. ",1
12044,Moscow says U.S. and North Korea should start a dialogue: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said Moscow hopes that the United States and North Korea will start a dialogue, Russian state-run RIA news agency reported on Monday. Ryabkov said Washington and Pyongyang should start actual talks instead of discussing conditions for such talks. ",1
12045,Remains of exiled Italian king return to Italy,"MILAN (Reuters) - The remains of Victor Emmanuel III, who reigned as Italy s king through two world wars and died in exile in 1947, were flown back from Egypt on Sunday for reburial at a family mausoleum near Turin. The remains of his wife, Queen Elena, also returned to Italy on Friday for reburial with those of the king at the Sanctuary of Vicoforte, near the Piedmont town of Cuneo, a spokesman for the sanctuary said. Elena died in 1959 and her remains had lain in Montpelier in France. Victor Emmanuel III s 46-year reign, which started in 1900 after the assassination of his father Umberto I, encompassed the period of fascist rule in Italy under dictator Benito Mussolini. He drew criticism for failing to prevent Mussolini s seizure of power in 1922 and for fleeing Rome in 1944 to avoid an invading German army. The monarch - known as  sciaboletta , or small sabre, due to his stature - abdicated the throne in 1946 in favor of his son Umberto II in a vain effort to avert a plebiscite to decide whether Italy should remain a monarchy or become a republic. After Italians voted for a republic, Victor Emmanuel went into exile in Alexandria, Egypt, where he died the following year. Italy s post-war constitution barred male descendants of the royal House of Savoy from setting foot in Italy because of the family s support for Mussolini. The ban was lifted in 2002. The grandson of Umberto II, Emanuele Filiberto, told the Italian press recently that he believed the right place for the remains of former Italian kings was the Pantheon in Rome.   ",1
12046,Australia's embattled Turnbull seen weighing cabinet reshuffle to exploit poll win,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull will reshuffle his cabinet within a day, media said on Monday, a sign the embattled leader hopes to capitalize on a weekend by-election win to refresh his ministry. Turnbull s center-right government regained its razor-thin parliamentary majority through the poll triggered by a constitutional crisis, shoring up his support in a country where three prime ministers have been ousted by their own party since 2010. The changes could include Attorney-General George Brandis quitting parliament to become the high commissioner, or ambassador, to Britain, the Australian Broadcasting Corp. and other media said.  Representatives for Turnbull and Brandis did not respond to requests from Reuters for comment.  Winning that (byelection), allowing him to send off Brandis to London, and then to put in some new faces and get a bit of movement there, that s the positive message running into Christmas and then the new year,  said Stewart Jackson, a specialist in Australian politics at the University of Sydney.  He will last until March. If there s a new disaster there, or any more referrals to the High Court, then it will be on for young and old,  he added, referring to the crisis over the disqualification of lawmakers holding dual citizenship. When Turnbull unseated then prime minister Abbott in 2015, he said the move was necessary because the latter s government had lost 30 opinion polls in a row. Under Turnbull, the government has lost 25 opinion polls in a row. Many commentators say that if the figure reaches 30, which could happen as soon as March, Turnbull s party may consider removing him. Social services minister Christian Porter and employment minister Michaelia Cash are frontrunners to be the next attorney general, the Australian newspaper said. Turnbull may seek to exploit their relative youth - each is 47 - to appeal to a new generation of conservative voters. A spokesman for Porter declined comment. A representative for Cash did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Australian prime ministers are particularly susceptible to poor polling, as political parties have the power to call a spill, or internal leadership vote, and replace the leader with a more popular candidate. MID-YEAR BOOST Turnbull s hopes to reinvigorate performance in opinion polls strengthened on Monday, as his government predicted the national deficit would shrink faster than expected and return to surplus in fiscal 2021 after a decade of deficits.  Treasurer Scott Morrison saw a deficit of about A$23.6 billion ($18.1 billion) for the year to end-June 2018, down from a May forecast of A$29.4 billion, as stronger job creation and higher commodity export earnings offset weakness in wages and consumer spending. The improved outlook enables Turnbull to trumpet his economic credentials by nudging closer to a balanced budget while enabling him to consider income tax cuts in the year before his next scheduled election, in 2019.  The stronger fiscal position is a welcome Christmas present for Treasurer Morrison and the Turnbull Liberal-National government, as they head towards the end of an increasingly difficult 2017,  said Su-Lin Ong, head of Australian economics at RBC Capital Markets. ",1
12047,At least 61 dead after days of violence in Ethiopia's Oromiya region,"ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - At least 61 people have been killed in clashes between different ethnic groups in Ethiopia s Oromiya region, officials said, the latest bout of violence to highlight increasing instability in a province racked by bloody protests in 2015 and 2016. From Thursday, 29 ethnic Oromos were killed by ethnic Somali attackers in the region s Hawi Gudina and Daro Lebu districts, regional spokesman Addisu Arega Kitessa said. The violence triggered revenge attacks by ethnic Oromos in another district, resulting in the killing of 32 Somalis who were being sheltered in the area following a previous round of violence.  The region is working to bring the perpetrators to justice,  the spokesman said in a statement. The cause of the latest violence was not known, but it followed protests in Oromiya s Celenko town where the region s officials said 16 ethnic Oromos were shot dead on Tuesday by soldiers trying to disperse the crowd.  We do not know who ordered the deployment of the military. This illegal act should be punished,  said Lema Megersa, the region s president. The clashes are likely to fuel fears about security in Ethiopia, the region s biggest economy and a staunch Western ally. Lema s comments also illustrate growing friction within Ethiopia s ruling EPRDF coalition, since unrest roiled the Oromiya region in 2015 and 2016, when hundreds of people were killed. At that time, the violence forced the government to impose a nine-month state of emergency that was only lifted in August. The unrest was provoked by a development scheme for the capital Addis Ababa that dissidents said amounted to land grabs and turned into broader anti-government demonstrations over political and human rights. It included attacks on businesses, many of them foreign-owned, including farms growing flowers for export.    ",1
12048,Philippines says Maoist rebels attacked soldiers on typhoon relief duty,"MANILA (Reuters) - Maoist rebels attacked soldiers delivering relief aid to parts of the central Philippines where a typhoon killed at least 32 people, army and disaster officials said on Monday. Typhoon Kai-tak, which triggered landslides and floods in the deadliest storm to hit the country this year, also left 46 people missing. Military spokesman Colonel Edgard Arevalo said two soldiers were wounded when about 50 rebels of the New People s Army (NPA), the military arm of a communist movement, fired on a convoy of troops carrying relief aid on Samar island on Saturday. The NPA has yet to comment on the accusation and it was not possible to contact the group due to power outages and disrupted communications. The Philippines has not declared a Christmas truce with the rebels for the first time in three decades after President Rodrigo Duterte halted peace talks and this month designated the NPA a terrorist organization.  (The attacks) only validated the aptness of the government s decision to terminate the peace negotiations and to discontinue the traditional Christmas truce,  Arevalo said. The 3,000-member Maoist rebel forces have been waging a protracted guerrilla warfare for nearly 50 years in a conflict that has killed more than 40,000 people and stunted growth in resource-rich rural areas. The Philippines also faces Islamist insurgencies in the south. The NPA guerrillas have been targeting mines, plantations and other businesses, demanding  revolutionary taxation  to finance arms purchases and recruitment. Mina Marasigan, spokeswoman for the national disaster risk reduction and management council, called on the NPA to halt the violence.  This is not an armed conflict,  she said, adding the rebels should let  relief work to go unhampered . Marasigan said emergency workers were working around the clock to restore power, clear debris and make roads and bridges passable to allow humanitarian assistance to reach about 220,000 people affected by the storm. Duterte is expected to visit the worst-hit typhoon areas later in the day to assess the damage. Storms regularly batter the Philippines. In 2013, Typhoon Haiyan killed about 8,000 people and left millions homeless in the same region.  ",1
12049,Trump to say in security speech that China is competitor: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will lay out a new U.S. national security strategy on Monday based on his  America First  policy and will, among other items, make clear that China is a competitor, two senior U.S. officials said on Saturday. Trump has praised Chinese President Xi Jinping while also demanding that Beijing increase pressure on North Korea over its nuclear program and to change trade practices to make them more favorable to the United States. The  national security strategy, to be rolled out in a speech by Trump, should not be seen as an attempt to contain China but rather to offer a clear-eyed look at the challenges China poses, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The strategy, which was still being drafted, may also reverse Democratic President Barack Obama s declaration in September 2016 that climate change is a threat to security, one official said. Trump, a Republican, is to lay out his foreign policy priorities, and will emphasize his commitment to  America First  policies such as building up the U.S. military, confronting Islamist militants and realigning trade relationships to make the United States more competitive, the officials said. ",1
12050,"Honduran helicopter crash kills six, including president's sister","TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The sister of Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez and five others died when the helicopter they were traveling in crashed on Saturday, the Honduran military said. Hilda Hernandez, 51, was a close advisor to her brother, who is embroiled in political turmoil in the wake of a Nov. 26 presidential election, which remains unresolved. She was previously the government s communications secretary. Two reconnaissance helicopters were sent to comb the missing Eurocopter AS350 Ecureuil helicopter s planned flight path from Toncontin international airport in capital city Tegucigalpa to Comayagua, some 50 miles (80 km) northwest, but because of inclement weather conditions land teams were sent in, the Honduran armed forces said in the statement.  The remains of the aircraft were located and no survivors were found,  the armed forces said, adding it would investigate the causes of the crash. A government source, who asked not to be named said:  The six people aboard the aircraft, including Hilda Hernandez have been found dead.  Honduras has been roiled by political instability following the presidential vote, with center-left Salvador Nasralla, a TV star, trailing conservative incumbent Hernandez by 1.6 percentage points according to the official count. The tally has been questioned by the two main opposition parties and a wide swathe of the diplomatic corps. ",1
12051,Paraguay senator with dictatorship ties to run for president,"ASUNCION (Reuters) - Paraguayan Senator Mario Abdo Benitez, a lawmaker with ties to a former Paraguayan dictator, won the ruling Colorado Party s presidential primary on Sunday in a sharp rebuke for President Horacio Cartes, the party s flagbearer. Abdo, the son of former dictator Alfredo Stroessner s private secretary, beat out ex-finance minister Santiago Pena, a young economist and Cartes  hand-picked successor, in a surprise outcome that followed increasing dissatisfaction with Cartes, who has been in power since 2013. Abdo will face lawyer Efrain Alegre, who won the opposition Liberal Party s nomination, in the April presidential election in the land-locked nation of 6.8 million, long one of South America s poorest.  The Colorado party has governed Paraguay for nearly 70 years, including during Stroessner s 1954-1989 dictatorship, with a brief interruption when leftist Fernando Lugo was elected in 2008 and impeached in 2012.  With over 96 percent of primary votes counted, Paraguay s electoral authority said that Abdo had received 50.9 percent of the vote. Pena had garnered 43.3 percent.  The arrogant establishment has been defeated today and forever ... we all have scars but are urging unity for the Colorados and later, Paraguay,  Abdo told his supporters following his victory. Cartes, a former soft-drink and tobacco executive, has run a low-tax policy that investors credit with spurring one of the fastest economic growth rates in Latin America. But his attempt to change laws enabling him to run for re-election spurred protests and was widely criticized. Abdo, known in Paraguay by his nickname  Marito,  has been a harsh critic of Cartes, and aligned with the opposition in Congress to fight his proposed re-election amendment. More than one million members of the Colorado Party voted on Sunday, an estimated turnout of 50 percent.    ",1
12052,Billionaire Pinera recaptures Chile presidency with resounding win,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Conservative Sebastian Pinera won Chile s presidential election by a wider-than-forecast margin on Sunday, pledging to jump-start economic growth in the world s top copper exporter and opt for more business-friendly policies than his center-left predecessor. Chile s electoral authority called the election for former president Pinera, who won 54.58 percent of votes compared with 45.42 percent for the center-left Alejandro Guillier, in a race that had been considered a toss-up. In the end, the 68-year-old Pinera, who governed from 2010 to 2014, won more votes than any president since Chile s return to democracy in 1990. It was also the biggest ever loss for the center-left coalition that has dominated Chile s politics since the end of Augusto Pinochet s dictatorship.  Neither Pinera nor Guillier marked a dramatic shift from Chile s long-standing free-market economic model, but Pinera s victory underscores an increasing tilt to the right in South America following the rise of conservative leaders in Peru, Argentina and Brazil. He is due to be sworn in on March 11.  Despite our great differences, there are large points of agreement,  Pinera said of Guillier as his supporters waved Chilean flags in downtown Santiago. In the streets of Santiago s wealthy neighborhoods, where Pinera took some 90 percent of votes, residents blared their horns in support.   In his concession speech, Guillier called his nine-point loss a  harsh defeat  and urged his supporters to defend the progressive reforms of outgoing President Michelle Bachelet s second term. Pinera defeated Guillier, a former TV anchorman and current senator, by painting his policies as extreme in a country known for its moderation, and likening him to Venezuela s socialist President Nicolas Maduro. Guillier had championed Bachelet s agenda of reducing inequality by making education more affordable and overhauling the tax code. The investor favorite in the $250 billion economy, Pinera s proposals are seen as pro mining in a country where copper is king. He has pledged support and stable funding for Chile s state-run miner Codelco [COBRE.UL], and has promised to slash red tape which had bogged down projects under Bachelet. The campaign exposed deepening rifts among Chile s once bedrock center-left, an opening Pinera leveraged to rally more centrist voters around his proposals to cut corporate taxes and double economic growth.  After a far leftist party made unexpected gains in November s first round, Pinera seized on the division, campaigning on a platform of scaling back and  perfecting  Bachelet s tax and labor laws.  Bachelet s policies were seen by many in the business community as crimping investment at a time slumping copper prices were weighing on the economy.  I voted for him for the economy,  said Jose Oyaneder, a 54-year-old salesman at campaign headquarters.  When he was president my (business) was quite good and I hope this time it s the same.  The results were tabulated in just over two hours after nearly 7 million Chileans cast ballots in a country of 17 million people where voting is not mandatory.  The son of a prominent centrist politician, Pinera is a Harvard-trained economist who made his fortune introducing credit cards to Chile in the 1980s. As of 2017, he was ranked #745 on Forbes  global rich list, with a $2.7 billion fortune.  Over months of aggressive campaigning, the former president brandished his business success and first term in office as proof of competence, contrasting himself with Guillier s relative lack of political and executive experience. Pinera s first administration was marked by a vibrant economy lifted by booming copper prices, but is perhaps best remembered for the spectacular rescue in 2010 of 33 miners who were trapped underneath the Atacama desert. His time in power was also marred by incessant street protests by thousands of students seeking an education overhaul, while his government s responses were often seen as out of touch.  Pinera has promised to make Chile the first country in Latin America to achieve  developed nation  status in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a Paris-based club of wealthy nations.  Some things have to be fixed - health, pensions, a lot of discrimination in Chile,  said Laura Garcia, 64, who works in a cleaning company.  I have faith in Pinera.   ",1
12053,Honduran presidential candidate Nasralla says election marred by fraud,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduran center-left candidate Salvador Nasralla said on Sunday it was clear there had been fraud  before, during and after  a bitterly contested Nov. 26 presidential election and that he was headed to Washington to meet with U.S. and other officials. Nasralla s comments, made in a video posted on Facebook, followed a decision by the nation s electoral tribunal to declare conservative President Juan Orlando Hernandez the official winner of the vote. The announcement sparked calls for renewed street protests. Nasralla said he had meetings planned with the U.S. State Department and the Organization of American States. ",1
12054,"U.S. helped thwart major attack in St. Petersburg: U.S., Russia say","MOSCOW/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States provided intelligence to Russia that helped thwart a potentially deadly bomb attack in St. Petersburg, U.S. and Russian officials said on Sunday, in a rare public show of cooperation despite deep strains between the two countries. Russian President Vladimir Putin telephoned U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday to thank him for the tip-off, which the Kremlin said helped prevent a militant bomb attack on a cathedral in the Russian city, as well as other sites. The White House did not disclose details about the plot itself, but said the attack  could have killed large numbers of people.  Neither the Kremlin nor the White House identified the would-be attackers. The U.S. warning allowed Russian law enforcement agencies to arrest the suspects before they could carry out their plans, the White House and Kremlin said. Relations between Washington and Moscow have been damaged by disagreements over the wars in Ukraine and Syria, although Trump pledged during his election campaign to pursue better ties with Moscow.  That has been complicated by U.S. allegations - denied by Russia - that the Kremlin meddled in last year s U.S. presidential election to help Trump win. Russian officials say Putin believes Trump is not to blame for the tensions.  The phone call on Sunday between Trump and Putin was at least the second such call in the past week. On Thursday, Putin and Trump discussed the crisis in North Korea. The foiled attack was to have been carried out on Kazansky Cathedral, in Russia s second city of St. Petersburg, and on other locations in the city where large numbers of people gather, the Kremlin statement said. The cathedral is a popular tourist site. The White House seized on the foiled plot in St. Petersburg as a sign of what Moscow and Washington could do if they cooperate.  Both leaders agreed that this serves as an example of the positive things that can occur when our countries work together,  the White House said, adding Trump appreciated the call from Putin.     Russian media reported last week that the Federal Security Service had detained followers of the Islamic State group who had been planning a suicide bomb attack on Kazansky Cathedral on Saturday.  The U.S. Central Intelligence Agency and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence did not immediately respond to requests for additional details on the foiled plot. Putin said Russia would alert U.S. authorities if it received information about any attack being planned on the United States, the Kremlin said. Russia has repeatedly been the target of attacks by Islamist militant groups, including an attack in April that killed 14 people when an explosion tore through a train carriage in a metro tunnel in St. Petersburg. Russian police detained several suspects in that attack from mainly Muslim states in ex-Soviet central Asia. ",1
12055,"Hoping to extend maritime reach, China lavishes aid on Pakistan town","GWADAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - China is lavishing vast amounts of aid on a small Pakistani fishing town to win over locals and build a commercial deep-water port that the United States and India suspect may also one day serve the Chinese navy. Beijing has built a school, sent doctors and pledged about $500 million in grants for an airport, hospital, college and badly-needed water infrastructure for Gwadar, a dusty town whose harbor juts out into the Arabian Sea, overlooking some of the world s busiest oil and gas shipping lanes. The grants include $230 million for a new international airport, one of the largest such disbursements China has made abroad, according to researchers and Pakistani officials. The handouts for the Gwadar project is a departure from Beijing s usual approach in other countries. China has traditionally derided Western-style aid in favor of infrastructure projects for which it normally provides loans through Chinese state-owned commercial and development banks.  The concentration of grants is quite striking,  said Andrew Small, an author of a book on China-Pakistan relations and a Washington-based researcher at the German Marshall Fund think tank.  China largely doesn t do aid or grants, and when it has done them, they have tended to be modest.  Pakistan has welcomed the aid with open hands. However, Beijing s unusual largesse has also fueled suspicions in the United States and India that Gwadar is part of China s future geostrategic plans to challenge U.S. naval dominance.  It all suggests that Gwadar, for a lot of people in China, is not just a commercial proposition over the longer term,  Small said. The Chinese Foreign Ministry did not respond to a request for comment from Reuters. Beijing and Islamabad see Gwadar as the future jewel in the crown of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), a flagship of Beijing s Belt and Road initiative to build a new  Silk Road  of land and maritime trade routes across more than 60 countries in Asia, Europe and Africa. The plan is to turn Gwadar into a trans-shipment hub and megaport to be built alongside special economic zones from which export-focused industries will ship goods worldwide. A web of energy pipelines, roads and rail links will connect Gwadar to China s western regions. Port trade is expected to grow from 1.2 million tonnes in 2018 to about 13 million tonnes by 2022, Pakistani officials say. At the harbor, three new cranes have been installed and dredging will next year deepen the port depth to 20 meters at five berths. But the challenges are stark. Gwadar has no access to drinking water, power blackouts are common and separatist insurgents threaten attacks against Chinese projects in Gwadar and the rest of Baluchistan, a mineral-rich province that is still Pakistan s poorest region. Security is tight, with Chinese and other foreign visitors driven around in convoys of soldiers and armed police. Beijing is also trying to overcome the distrust of outsiders evident in Baluchistan, where indigenous Baloch fear an influx of other ethnic groups and foreigners. Many residents say the pace of change is too slow.  Local people are not completely satisfied,  said Essar Nori, a lawmaker for Gwadar, adding that the separatists were tapping into that dissatisfaction. Pakistani officials are urging Gwadar residents to be patient, vowing to urgently build desalination plants and power stations. China s Gwadar project contrasts with similar efforts in Sri Lanka, where the village of Hambantota was transformed into a port complex - but was saddled with Chinese debt. Last week, Sri Lanka formally handed over operations to China on a 99-year lease in exchange for lighter debt repayments, a move that sparked street protests over what many Sri Lankans view as an erosion of sovereignty. The Hambantota port, like Gwadar, is part of a network of harbors Beijing is developing in Asia and Africa that have spooked India, which fears being encircled by China s growing naval power. But Pakistani officials say comparisons to Hambantota are unfair because the Gwadar project has much less debt. On top of the airport, Chinese handouts in Gwadar include $100 million to expand a hospital by 250 beds, $130 million towards upgrading water infrastructure, and $10 million for a technical and vocational college, according to Pakistani government documents and officials.  We welcome this assistance as it s changing the quality of life of the people of Gwadar for the better,  said Senator Mushahid Hussain Sayed, chairman of the parliamentary committee that oversees CPEC, including Gwadar. China and Pakistan jointly choose which projects will be developed under the CPEC mechanism, Sayed added. When China suggested a 7,000 meter runway for the new airport, Pakistan pushed for a 12,000 meter one that could accommodate planes as large as the Airbus 380 and be used for military purposes, according to Sajjad Baloch, a director of the Gwadar Development Authority. The scale of Chinese grants is extraordinary, according to Brad Parks, executive director of AidData, a research lab at the U.S.-based William and Mary university that collected data on Chinese aid across 140 countries from 2000-2014. Since 2014, Beijing has pledged over $800 million in grants and concessional loans for Gwadar, which has less than 100,000 people. In the 15 years before that, China gave about $2.4 billion in concessional loans and grants during this period across the whole of Pakistan, a nation of 207 million people.  Gwadar is exceptional even by the standards of China s past activities in Pakistan itself,  Parks said. There are early signs China s efforts to win hearts and minds are beginning to bear fruit in Gwadar.  Baluchistan is backward and underdeveloped, but we are seeing development after China s arrival,  said Salam Dashti, 45, a grocer whose two children attend the new Chinese-built primary school. But there are major pitfalls ahead. Tens of thousands of people living by the port will have to be relocated. For now, they live in cramped single-story concrete houses corroded by sea water on a narrow peninsula, where barefoot fishermen offload their catch on newly-paved roads strewn with rubbish. Many of the fishermen say they fear they ll lose their livelihoods once the port starts operating. Indigenous residents  fear of becoming a minority is inevitable with Gwadar s population expected to jump more than 15-fold in coming decades. On the edge of town, mansions erected by land speculators are popping up alongside the sand dunes. Analysts say China is aware that previous efforts to develop Gwadar port failed partly due to the security threat posed by Baloch separatists, so Beijing is trying to counter the insurgents  narrative that China wants to exploit Baluchistan.  That weighs heavily on the minds of the Chinese,  Parks added.  It s almost certainly true that they are trying to safeguard their investments by getting more local buy-in.  Chinese officials, meanwhile, are promoting the infrastructure development they are funding.  Every day you can see new changes. It shows the sincerity of Chinese for development of Gwadar,  Lijian Zhao, the deputy chief of mission at the Chinese embassy in Islamabad, tweeted last month. For its investment in Gwadar, China will receive 91 percent of revenues until the port is returned to Pakistan in four decades  time. The operator, China Overseas Ports Holding Company, will also be exempt from major taxes for more than 20 years. Pakistan s maritime affairs minister, Hasil Bizenjo, said the arrival of the Chinese in the region contrasted with the experience of the past two centuries, when Russia and Britain, and later the United States and the Soviet Union, vied for control of the warm water ports of the Persian Gulf.  The Chinese have come very smoothly, they have reached the warm waters,  Bizenjo told Reuters.  What they are investing is less than a peanut for access to warm waters.  When a U.S. Pentagon report in June suggested Gwadar could become a military base for China, a concern that India has also expressed, Beijing dismissed the idea.  Talk that China is building a military base in Pakistan is pure guesswork,  said a Chinese Defence Ministry spokesman, Wu Qian.  Bizenjo and other Pakistani officials say Beijing has not asked to use Gwadar for naval purposes.  This port, they will use it mostly for their commercial interests, but it depends on the next 20 years where the world goes,  Bizenjo said. (This story  has been refiled to correct typos in spellings of names of Chinese officials in paragraphs 40, 46) ",1
12056,UK's May to pitch status quo Brexit transition to parliament,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will pitch her plan for a Brexit transition period with unchanged access to European Union markets when she briefs lawmakers on Monday about her latest negotiating trip to Brussels. May secured an agreement last week to move previously-deadlocked talks forward onto the topic of interim and long-term trading arrangements. On Monday she will report back to parliament on those talks, setting out the framework of a time-limited implementation period designed to smooth Britain s EU exit and provide clarity for businesses and citizens.   This will help give certainty to employers and families that we are going to deliver a smooth Brexit,  May will say, adding that the guidelines agreed last week point to a shared desire with the EU to make  rapid progress  on a deal. The outline of the transition period that May will present is consistent with plans she has previously set out, and remains subject to negotiation in Brussels.  During this strictly time-limited implementation period which we will now begin to negotiate, we would not be in the Single Market or the Customs Union, as we will have left the European Union,  May will say according to advance extracts of her statement.   But we would propose that our access to one another s markets would continue as now, while we prepare and implement the new processes and new systems that will underpin our future partnership.  END-STATE TALKS  But the plan is not guaranteed to be universally accepted by lawmakers in May s Conservative Party, which is still deeply divided over the best route out of the bloc, and for some even the principle of leaving the EU.  May is reliant on the backing of all members of her party to put her Brexit plans into action, having lost her parliamentary majority in an ill-judged snap election earlier this year which left her needing the support of a small Northern Irish party.   On Saturday, some Conservatives who want to see Britain make a more radical break with the bloc baulked at a suggestion by Finance Minister Philip Hammond that the implementation phase would amount to recreating the status quo with the EU. May will say that during the interim period, Britain wants to begin registering EU citizens  arrival in the country in preparation for a new immigration system, and would hope to agree, and possibly even sign, post-Brexit trade deals with non-EU states. As well as briefing parliament, May is expected to meet key ministers on Monday to discuss the even thornier issue of what the country s long-term relationship with the EU should be - the first time since the June 2016 vote to leave that she has broached the topic with senior cabinet members. A full cabinet discussion on the so-called  end state  of the Brexit talks is then due on Tuesday.  One of the key pro-Brexit voices in the cabinet, foreign minister Boris Johnson, on Sunday set out his own long-term view, warning May that Britain must avoid becoming subordinate to the EU. ",1
12057,U.N.'s Zeid toughens warning of 'genocide' in Myanmar,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The top U.N. human rights official has said he would not be surprised if a court one day ruled that acts of genocide had been committed against the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar, according to a television interview to be shown on Monday. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein told the BBC that attacks on the Rohingya had been  well thought out and planned  and he had asked Myanmar s leader Aung San Suu Kyi to do more to stop the military action. Zeid has already called the campaign  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing  and asked rhetorically if anyone could rule out  elements of genocide , but his latest remarks put the case plainly, toughening his stance.  The elements suggest you cannot rule out the possibility that acts of genocide have been committed,  he said, according to excerpts of his interview provided in advance by the BBC.  It s very hard to establish because the thresholds are high,  he said.  But it wouldn t surprise me in the future if the court were to make such a finding on the basis of what we see.  Myanmar denies committing atrocities against the Rohingya and has previously rejected U.N. criticism for its  politicization and partiality . The Myanmar military says the crackdown is a legitimate counter-insurgency operation. Zeid said Myanmar s  flippant  response to the serious concerns of the international community made him fear the current crisis  could just be the opening phases of something much worse . He told the BBC he feared jihadi groups could form in the huge refugee camps in Bangladesh and even launch attacks in Myanmar, perhaps targeting Buddhist temples there. He did not say, in the excerpts provided, which court could prosecute suspected atrocities. Myanmar is not a member of the International Criminal Court, so referral to that court could be done only by the U.N. Security Council. But Myanmar s ally China could veto such a referral.  The United Nations defines genocide as acts meant to destroy a national, ethnic, racial or religious group in whole or in part. Such a designation is rare under international law, but has been used in contexts including Bosnia, Sudan and an Islamic State campaign against the Yazidi communities in Iraq and Syria. Almost 870,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh, including about 660,000 who arrived after Aug. 25, when Rohingya militants attacked security posts and the Myanmar army launched a counter-offensive.  U.N. investigators have heard Rohingya testimony of a  consistent, methodical pattern of killings, torture, rape and arson . Zeid said he had phoned Suu Kyi in January, asking her in vain to stop the military operation. Nobel peace laureate Suu Kyi s less than two-year old civilian government has faced heavy international criticism for its response to the crisis, though it has no control over the generals it has to share power with under Myanmar s transition after decades of military rule. ",1
12058,South Africa's ANC votes to elect leader to replace scandal-ridden Zuma,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ANC delegates started voting early on Monday to elect a leader to succeed President Jacob Zuma as head of a party that has ruled since the end of apartheid but has faced scandals and corruption allegations. Whoever emerges at the helm of the African National Congress, a 105-year-old liberation movement that dominates Africa s most industrialized economy, is likely to become the country s next president after elections in 2019. Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa and former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma were the only candidates nominated for the ANC leadership at a party conference on Sunday, an election official said. The vote is perhaps the most pivotal moment for the ANC since it launched black-majority rule under Nelson Mandela s leadership 23 years ago. With scandal and graft accusations having tainted Zuma s presidency, the party is deeply divided and its image tarnished at home and abroad.  After procedural delays that held up the start of balloting, the contest remained too close to call. Most grassroots delegates backed Ramaphosa, 65, while Zuma s preferred candidate, his ex-wife Dlamini-Zuma, 68, came second. Ramaphosa drew the majority of nominations from party branches scattered across the country. But the complexity of the leadership race means it is far from certain he will win when the votes are finally counted.  Owing to the delays, the outcome is now expected only on Monday, ANC Deputy Secretary General Jessie Duarte said.  We don t rush results; we would like them to do a thorough and proper job,  she said. The ANC said 4,776 delegates would be allowed to vote.   Voting for the #ANC National Officials has begun,  the ANC said on its Twitter feed. As well as electing a new leader, candidates for senior posts like deputy president, chairman, secretary general and others were also nominated. The ANC will also set policy priorities for the run-up to the 2019 election. Under ANC rules, a majority of nominations at the branch level is not the same as the most votes at the conference, and delegates are not bound to vote for a particular candidate. How the delegates do cast their ballots may also be subject to vote-buying and intimidation - widely acknowledged to have swayed previous leadership contests.  Nobody has been caught red-handed that I know of, but we have heard rumors going around,  said Lindiwe Sisulu, a nominee for the position of deputy president.  ANC Chairwoman Baleka Mbete, also speaker of parliament and running for the ANC s top seat, publicly endorsed Ramaphosa.  We publicly endorse comrade Cyril Ramaphosa,  she told reporters after Saturday s opening session at the conference. Mbete said she had not held talks with Dlamini-Zuma. A senior ANC source said:  It is going to be very close. Both camps have spreadsheets where they have calculated the number of delegates on their side. Both sides have different assumptions and guesswork.  NECK-AND-NECK CONTEST Social Development Minister Bathabile Dlamini, who heads the influential ANC Women s League, endorsed Dlamini-Zuma, the first woman to be nominated as a candidate for the ANC presidency.   We are ready for a female president,  Dlamini said. Carl Niehaus, a key member of Dlamini-Zuma s campaign, said she would be propelled to victory by  the grassroots and the poor. That is important in South Africa because we have a huge gap between rich and poor.  Dlamini-Zuma pledged during her campaign to tackle the racial inequality that persists in South Africa since the end of white-minority rule. Ramaphosa, a former trade union leader who later became a businessman and is now one of the richest people in South Africa, has vowed to fight corruption and revitalize the economy. That message has gone down well with foreign investors. Colin Coleman, managing director of Goldman Sachs in South Africa, described the two candidates as  quite divergent  in their views on how to revive a lackluster economy.  There will be intense lobbying before the voting ends,  political analyst Ralph Mathekga said. In a boost to Ramaphosa, courts ruled that officials from some provinces seen as supporting Dlamini-Zuma had been elected illegally and were barred from the conference. The rand currency firmed more than 2 percent after that news on Friday, extending its gains to more than 2 percent on Sunday. ANC Youth League leader Collen Maine, who backs Dlamini-Zuma, said 122 delegates would now be prevented from voting, something he called  not significant.  In his last speech as ANC leader on Saturday, Zuma announced plans to raise subsidies for tertiary colleges and universities, a move analysts said was timed to appeal to the more populist members of the party. Zuma, who has been head of state since 2009 and ANC leader since 2007, has faced accusations that have damaged the ANC s stature and caused sharp internal rifts.  In August, he narrowly survived another attempt in parliament to force him from office after some members of his party voted with the opposition in a no-confidence vote. ",1
12059,Gunmen assassinate mayor of Libya's biggest port city,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Gunmen fatally shot the mayor of Libya s third-largest city, Misrata, late on Sunday, ambushing his car inside the city, security officials said. The North African oil producer has been in chaos since the 2011 uprising that unseated Muammar Gaddafi, but Misrata, Libya s biggest port, had been relative peaceful until now. Gunmen chased the car of Mayor Mohamed Eshtewi after he left Misrata airport following his arrival on a plane from Turkey, a security official said, adding it was unclear who was behind it. In October, a bomb exploded at the city s court, killing about four people and wounding 40 others in an attack claimed by Islamic state. Misrata, almost 200 km (125 miles) east of Tripoli, is the gateway for food and other imports into Libya and the country s only tax-free zone. It is one of the few places still frequented by foreign business people fearing poor security elsewhere. ",1
12060,Four dead in ambush of World Food Programme convoy in Nigeria,"BAUCHI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Four people were killed when a United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) aid convoy was ambushed in northeast Nigeria, a WFP spokeswoman said on Sunday, in the latest attack in the region as the conflict with Boko Haram nears its ninth year. Attacks on aid workers are relatively rare in the conflict with the Islamist insurgency, compared with assaults on the military and civilians in Nigeria s northeast. The years of fighting have spawned what the United Nations calls one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world, with 8.5 million people in need of life-saving assistance.  WFP can confirm that a convoy escorted by the Nigerian military including WFP-hired trucks was the subject of an attack by armed groups 35 km southwest of Ngala in Borno State on Saturday,  she said in an emailed statement.   Four people, including the driver of a WFP-hired truck and a driver s assistant, were killed in the incident,  the statement said, adding that  WFP is working with the authorities to determine the whereabouts of the trucks.  The spokeswoman declined to comment on whether the driver and assistant were WFP staff, or give details about the other two people killed. A military spokesman declined to comment. Last year, the United Nations suspended aid deliveries in Nigeria s northeastern state of Borno, the epicenter of the conflict, after a humanitarian convoy was attacked, leaving two aid workers injured. Last week, the Nigerian government approved the release of $1 billion from the country s excess oil account to the government to help fight the Boko Haram insurgency, despite a two-year narrative that Boko Haram has been all but defeated. There are other signs the government and military may be abandoning that narrative. Nigeria s long-term plan is now to corral civilians inside fortified garrison towns - effectively ceding the countryside to Boko Haram. Earlier this month, Nigeria replaced the military commander of the campaign against Boko Haram after half a year in the post. Military sources told Reuters that came after a series of  embarrassing  attacks by the Islamists. ",1
12061,Chile's Guillier concedes presidency to Pinera,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Center-left presidential candidate Alejandro Guillier conceded the Chilean presidency to billionaire conservative Sebastian Pinera on Sunday, as Chile followed other South American nations making a political turn to the right. With 96.31 percent of votes counted in the world s top copper producer, former president and market favorite Pinera had won 54.57 percent of ballots, according to electoral agency Servel. Guillier had 45.43 percent.  Guillier recognized a  harsh defeat  but urged Pinera to continue with outgoing center-left President Michelle Bachelet s reforms. ",1
12062,Chilean conservative Pinera seen winning presidency: media forecast,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Billionaire former President Sebastian Pinera will likely win Chile s presidential election on Sunday, Radio Bio-Bio forecast, a result that would likely usher in more market friendly policies in the world s top copper producer.  Pinera, a conservative, was seen taking 54.8 percent of the vote, the local broadcaster said after polls closed, with center-left candidate Alejandro Guillier with 45.2 percent in the contest to take over from President Michelle Bachelet. The exit poll from Radio Bio-Bio, a well-known broadcaster, was the most accurate in Chile s first round presidential vote in November. ",1
12063,Pinera leads Chile election at partial count: electoral agency,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Conservative Sebastian Pinera took an early lead of more than seven percentage points in Chile s presidential election on Sunday, Chile s electoral agency Servel said. With 9.55 percent of ballots counted, Pinera had 53.6 percent of votes while center-left Alejandro Guillier had 46.4 percent in the runoff vote. Chileans are voting for a successor to President Michelle Bachelet in a race that will determine if the world s top copper producer stays on its center-left course or joins other Latin American nations turning to the right in recent years. ",1
12064,Macron sees February end to fight against Islamic State in Syria,"PARIS (Reuters) - The military campaign against Islamic State in Syria should be completed in February following the end of fighting against the militant group in Iraq, French President Emmanuel Macron said.  On December 9, Iraqi Prime Minister (Haider al-) Abadi announced the end of the war and the victory over Daesh, and I think that by mid- to late February we will have won the war in Syria,  Macron said in a broadcast interview, using the Arab acronym for Islamic State. France would now push for peace talks involving all parties in the six-year-old Syrian conflict, including President Bashar al-Assad, Macron told France 2 televisions, promising  initiatives  early next year. He did not say how any French proposals would relate to existing negotiations being brokered by the United Nations. Despite being a leading backer of the Syrian opposition, France has sought a more pragmatic approach to the Syrian conflict since the arrival of President Emmanuel Macron, saying that the departure of al-Assad was not a pre-condition for talks.  Assad s government has been backed by Russia and Iran. President Vladimir Putin last week announced a significant scaling back of Russian forces in Syria, saying their mission was largely complete.  ",1
12065,"Nuclear, renewables to help French CO2 reduction goals, Macron says","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Sunday he would not follow Germany s example by phasing out nuclear energy in France because his priority was to cut carbon emissions and shut down polluting coal-fired production.  I don t idolize nuclear energy at all. But I think you have to pick your battle. My priority in France, Europe and internationally is CO2 emissions and (global) warming,  he told France 2 television in an interview.     Macron, who has worked to establish his role as a global leader since his election win in May, presided over a climate summit in Paris last week to breathe new life into a collective effort to fight climate change. But renewable energy only amounts to a tiny share of French electricity production, which is dominated by nuclear for 75 percent of it.  Nuclear is not bad for carbon emissions, it s even the most carbon-free way to produce electricity with renewables,  Macron said. The 39-year old, who has sought to forge strong ties with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, did not show any enthusiasm for her decision to phase out nuclear energy, one of her landmark policies.  What did the Germans do when they shut all their nuclear in one go?,  Macron said.  They developed a lot of renewables but they also massively reopened thermal and coal. They worsened their CO2 footprint, it wasn t good for the planet. So I won t do that.  Macron said he wanted to boost the growth of renewable energy but would wait for the French nuclear watchdog s opinion before shutting ageing nuclear reactors or upgrading others. The ASN nuclear regulator said last month it would rule on a potential lifespan extension of France s 58 nuclear reactors - all operated by state-owned EDF - in 2020-21.  This is what we ll base our decisions on,  Macron said.  So it ll be rational. So in the face of that, we ll have to shut some plants. Maybe we ll have to modernize others,  he said. ",1
12066,Iran airs 'confessions' of researcher facing death for spying,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iranian state television broadcast on Sunday what it described as the confessions of an Iranian academic with Swedish residency who it said had provided information to Israel to help it assassinate several senior nuclear scientists.  His wife, speaking by telephone from Stockholm, said he had been forced by his interrogators to read the confession. Iran s Supreme Court upheld last week a death sentence against Ahmadreza Djalali, a doctor and lecturer at the Karolinska Institute, a Stockholm medical university. Djalali was arrested in Iran in April 2016 and later convicted of espionage. He denied the charges. In the television report, Djalali was linked to the assassination of four Iranian scientists between 2010 and 2012 that Tehran said was an Israeli attempt to sabotage its nuclear energy program.  Djalali said in the report that he had given the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad information about key nuclear scientists.  They were showing me pictures of some people or satellite photos of nuclear facilities and were asking me to give them information about that,  Djalali said in the television report. Vida Mehrannia, Djalali s wife, said her husband had been forced to read a pre-agreed confession in front of the camera.  After three months in solitary confinement, his interrogators told him that he would be released only if he reads from a text in front of the camera,  she told Reuters by telephone from Stockholm.  My husband told me that they shouted at him each time he was saying something different from the text and stopped the filming,  Mehrannia added. The film said Djalali had agreed to cooperate with Israel in return for money and residency of a European country.  We have not received money from anyone and our lifestyle shows that. We don t have a house or a car. We got our Swedish residency after finishing our studies here,  Mehrannia said. The film also contained interviews with Majid Jamali Fashi, an Iranian athlete who was hanged in 2012 over the killings of the nuclear scientists. Djalali is the second person found guilty in the same case.  Djalali did not have any sensitive information about Iran s nuclear program. If he had, he would have been barred from leaving the country,  Mehrannia said. Sweden has condemned the death verdict against Djalali and said it had raised the matter with Iranian envoys in Stockholm and Tehran. Seventy-five Nobel prize laureates petitioned Iranian authorities last month to release Djalali so he could  continue his scholarly work for the benefit of mankind . They said Djalali has suggested it was his refusal to work for Iranian intelligence services that led to this  unfair, flawed trial . The United Nations and international human rights organizations regularly list Iran as a country with one of the world s highest execution rates.  Iran s Revolutionary Guards have arrested at least 30 dual nationals during the past two years, mostly on spying charges. ",1
12067,Colombia's ELN rebels willing to extend ceasefire if talks progress,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s leftist ELN rebels said on Sunday they are willing to extend a ceasefire set to expire next month if there is sufficient progress at peace talks with the government. The National Liberation Army (ELN) and the government have been in public peace talks in Quito for 10 months, after a long exploratory phase of negotiations, in a bid to end more than 53 years of war. The group s first-ever ceasefire began in October and is set to expire Jan. 9. It is being supervised by the Catholic Church and the United Nations.  We are willing to agree a new ceasefire once we have jointly evaluated at the negotiating table the progress, confidence and results of the current one,  the group said in an open letter to the U.N. posted on the ELN s Twitter account. The ELN added that it would also assess the government s willingness to overcome hurdles at the talks. The 2,000-strong ELN, which has regularly bombed oil infrastructure and taken hostages, has continued kidnapping despite the ceasefire. An indigenous leader in Choco province died in October after being detained by the group. ",1
12068,U.S. tip-off helped Russia thwart 'major' terrorist plot: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. intelligence agencies provided advanced warning to Russia about a major terrorist plot in St. Petersburg, allowing Moscow to thwart an attack that could have killed  large numbers of people,  the White House said on Sunday.  President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia called President Donald J. Trump today to thank him for the advanced warning the United States intelligence agencies provided to Russia concerning a major terror plot in Saint Petersburg, Russia,  the White House said in a statement. ",1
12069,Italy 5-star party keeps option on euro referendum open,"MILAN (Reuters) - The leader of Italy s main opposition party said he was keeping the option of a referendum on the euro open in the event his party won elections and failed to convince Brussels of the need to change some of the euro zone s economic rules. In comments made on state TV on Sunday, Luigi Di Maio, the man widely tipped to be the candidate for prime minister of the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, said he wanted to negotiate concessions on EU governance.  If we succeed, Europe will be changed and we won t need a referendum on the euro. Otherwise we ll ask Italians if they want to stay in or not,  he said. Earlier this month, Di Maio told Reuters 5-Star had not totally withdrawn the idea of a referendum on the euro, but called it  a last resort  to be employed only if it was not possible to ease EU governance rules.  The comments come just weeks before parliament is expected to be dissolved ahead of elections early next year which look unlikely to produce a clear winner. The 5-Star Movement is predicted to emerge as the largest single party in the next parliament, but it has repeatedly ruled out joining any coalition. Italy has just introduced a new electoral system that is expected to handicap 5-Star, favoring instead mainstream political blocs. ",1
12070,"East Libyan commander Haftar says U.N.-backed government obsolete, hints may run in elections","BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Eastern Libyan military commander Khalifa Haftar, whose forces control parts of the country, said on Sunday the U.N.-backed government was obsolete and he would listen to the will of the people, a firm hint he may run in elections expected next year. Haftar styles himself as a strongman capable of ending the chaos of armed factions that has gripped oil-producing Libya since the overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. His comments, made at a military graduation ceremony, recall those of Egyptian General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi when he was testing the ground before becoming a presidential candidate. Sisi was eventually elected in 2014. Just as Sisi built up wide support after toppling Egypt s Islamist president Mohamed Mursi in 2013, supporters of Haftar speak of a similar situation developing in Libya, with rallies held in some eastern cities calling on him to run.  We declare clearly and unequivocally our full compliance with the orders of the free Libyan people, which is its own guardian and the master of its land,  Haftar said in a speech. He spoke in the eastern city of Benghazi, from where his forces managed to expel Islamist militants during a three-year battle. Haftar also dismissed a series of United Nations-led talks to bridge differences between Libya s two rival administrations, one linked to him in the east and one backed by the United Nations in the capital Tripoli, which he now declared obsolete.  Despite all the brilliant slogans during talks between rivals for power from the dialogue of Ghadames (Libya) and ending in Tunisia via Geneva, Skhirat (Morocco) and others, all of were just ink on paper,  he said, listing host cities of U.N. talks. The U.N. has tried to find a solution including Haftar who said his command had been threatened with sanctions should he seek a deal outside the dialogue. Some 1,000 Haftar supporters rallied in Benghazi, demanding the general take over after a U.N. deal for a political solution missed what they said was a self-imposed deadline on Sunday.  The U.N. says no such timeline exists and its mediation will continue. The turnout was smaller than initially expected. In Tripoli, home to a government opposed by Haftar, an unknown armed faction opened fire in the air to disperse some 150 supporters of the general on the central martyrs square, witnesses said. Nobody was hurt. The U.N. launched a new round of talks in September in Tunis between the rival factions to prepare for presidential and parliamentary elections in 2018, but they broke off after one month without any deal. A formidable obstacle to progress was the issue of Haftar s own rule. He remains popular among some Libyans in the east weary of the chaos but faces opposition from many in western Libya. In his speech Haftar said his forces, known as the Libyan National Army (LNA), could only be placed under an authority that had been elected by the Libyan people - a further  indication that he might take part in the election. The large North African country has been in turmoil since Gaddafi s downfall opened up space to Islamist militants and smuggling networks that have sent hundreds of thousands of migrants across the Mediterranean to Europe. Haftar is just one of many players in Libya, which is controlled by armed groups divided along political, religious, regional and business lines. Aguila Saleh, president of the eastern House of Representatives that backs Haftar, said it was time to start preparing for parliamentary and presidential elections, according to a video posted on social media. ",1
12071,Mexican human rights group mulls legal action against security law,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s National Human Rights Commission (CNDH) may take legal action against a bill that would enshrine into law the use of the army in the country s long war against drug cartels, saying it could ask that the measure be ruled unconstitutional. Known as the Law of Internal Security, it will formally regulate the deployment of the military in Mexico more than a decade after the government dispatched it to fight drug cartels in a conflict that has claimed well over 100,000 lives. Bucking widespread protests from rights groups, Congress on Friday gave a green light to the law, which was backed by the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party and some members of the center-right opposition National Action Party. It will now head to President Enrique Pena Nieto s desk to be signed into law. The new law could lead to the  violation of Mexicans  basic rights and freedoms, affect the design and constitutionally established balance between institutions, state organs and powers, and lead to states of emergency being imposed on Mexican society,  the CNDH said in a statement late Saturday. Supporters of the legislation say it will set out clear rules that limit the use of soldiers to fight crime. Multiple human rights groups and international organizations, including the United Nations, attacked the bill, mindful of the dozens of reported cases of abuses by members of the military in Mexico over the past 11 years. They say it could usher in greater abuses and impunity by the armed forces. Opponents of the bill have taken to the streets to protest and demand the measure not be signed into law. The CNDH said it has asked Pena Nieto to make the necessary changes to the bill to make sure it upholds human and civil rights. ",1
12072,Thousands protest in Romania against judicial changes,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Thousands of Romanians protested in freezing weather across the country on Sunday against attempts by the ruling Social Democrats to overhaul the judiciary, which critics said would threaten the rule of law. In Bucharest, an estimated 4,000 protesters marched from government headquarters to parliament, where lawmakers will begin debating changes on Monday to the criminal code. Earlier this month, the Social Democrats used their solid majority to approve a judicial overhaul in the lower house that threatens to put the justice system under political control. The senate is expected to approve the bills next week. The European Commission, the U.S. State Department, the country s centrist president and thousands of magistrates have criticized the changes to judicial legislation, saying they could derail the rule of law. The government denies this is the case. Outside parliament, the marchers chanted  Thieves  nest  and  We want justice, not corruption  under sleet and rain. Thousands more protested in the cities of Iasi, Cluj, Timisoara and others. Attempts by the ruling Social Democrats to change anti-corruption legislation have taken place on and off throughout 2017 in one of the European Union s most corrupt states. Romania s anti-corruption prosecution unit has sent 72 deputies and senators to trial since 2006 alongside cabinet ministers, a sitting Prime Minister and hundreds of mayors and other public officials. The speakers of parliament s lower house and senate are both currently on trial in separate cases. ",1
12073,Female British embassy worker found strangled near Beirut,"BEIRUT/LONDON (Reuters) - A female British embassy worker has been found strangled near a highway outside Beirut, a Lebanese security source said on Sunday. The British foreign ministry provided a statement by the family of the woman, Rebecca Dykes, but gave no details of the circumstances of her death.  We are devastated by the loss of our beloved Rebecca. We are doing all we can to understand what happened,  the family said. Britain s ambassador to Lebanon, Hugo Shorter, tweeted:  The whole embassy is deeply shocked, saddened by this news.  Lebanon s Internal Security Forces said on Saturday that the body of a woman who had been strangled had been found by a highway outside Beirut. A Lebanese security source named the woman on Sunday as Rebecca Dykes. Dykes, who worked at the British embassy, had described herself on a LinkedIn page as a Programme and Policy Manager with the Department for International Development - a position she had held since January.   Dykes had previously worked in London on diplomatic programs related to Iraq and Libya, the LinkedIn page said. ",1
12074,U.N. to vote Monday on call for U.S. Jerusalem decision to be withdrawn,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council is due to vote on Monday on a draft resolution calling for the withdrawal of U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, diplomats said, a move likely to face a Washington veto. The one-page Egyptian-drafted text, seen by Reuters, does not specifically mention the United States or Trump. Diplomats say it has broad support among the 15-member council, and while it is unlikely to be adopted, the vote will further isolate Trump on the issue.  To pass, a resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, France, Britain, Russia or China. Trump abruptly reversed decades of U.S. policy this month when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, generating outrage from Palestinians. Trump also plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has praised Trump s decision as  the just and right thing to do.  The U.S. mission to the United Nations was not immediately available to comment on Sunday.  Arab foreign ministers agreed to seek a U.N. Security Council resolution on the issue. The draft U.N. text expresses  deep regret at recent decisions concerning the status of Jerusalem.   It  affirms that any decisions and actions which purport to have altered, the character, status or demographic composition of the Holy City of Jerusalem have no legal effect, are null and void and must be rescinded in compliance with relevant resolutions of the Security Council.  The draft also calls upon all countries to refrain from establishing diplomatic missions in Jerusalem. Israel considers the city its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there.   No vote or debate will change the clear reality that Jerusalem  is the capital of Israel, Danny Danon, Israel s ambassador to the United Nations, said in a statement on Saturday.      Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in a 1967 war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally.     The draft council resolution  demands that all states comply with Security Council resolutions regarding the Holy City of Jerusalem, and not to recognize any actions or measures contrary to those resolutions.  A U.N. Security Council resolution adopted in December 2016  underlines that it will not recognize any changes to the 4 June 1967 lines, including with regard to Jerusalem, other than those agreed by the parties through negotiations.  That resolution was approved with 14 votes in favor and an abstention by former U.S. President Barack Obama s administration, which defied heavy pressure from longtime ally Israel and Trump, who was then president-elect, for Washington to wield its veto. ",1
12075,Palestinian protesters set fire to placards of U.S. vice president in Bethlehem,"BETHLEHEM, West Bank (Reuters) - A small group of Palestinian protesters on Sunday set fire to placards printed with images of U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Middle East negotiator Jason Greenblatt outside Jesus s traditional birthplace, days before their arrival in the region. With Bethlehem s illuminated Christmas tree behind them, about 30 people stood quietly holding candles at Manger Square next to the Church of the Nativity, the site Christians believe marks Jesus s birthplace, before setting the placards alight.  Bethlehem welcomes the messengers of peace, not the messengers of war , read some placards with pictures of Pence and Greenblatt as they went up in flames. The U.S. vice president is due in the region later this week but the Palestinians have said he is not welcome and President Mahmoud Abbas will not meet him during his visit, Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad Al-Maliki said last week, a move the White House described as  unfortunate . Greenblatt, who has held several rounds of discussions with Israeli and Palestinian officials during the past few months in an effort to restart peace talks that have been frozen since 2014, is also due to arrive this week. Violent protests have been held almost daily in the Palestinian territories over U.S. President Donald Trump s Dec. 6 announcement in which he overturned long-standing U.S. policy on Jerusalem and said he was recognizing it as Israel s capital. Palestinian militants have also increased the firing of rockets at Israel since Trump s announcement and two were launched on Sunday. One landed in an Israeli community close to the Gaza border and damaged property but no casualties were reported initially, a police spokesman said. Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory and say the status of the city should be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks.  Israel has welcomed Trump s announcement as recognizing political reality and biblical Jewish roots in Jerusalem. It says that all of Jerusalem   a city holy to Jews, Muslims and Christians   is its capital, while Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state. ",1
12076,SPD leader wants Merkel to relinquish finance ministry: Handelsblatt,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) leader Martin Schulz wants Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives to leave the powerful finance ministry to his center-left party in coalition talks, a report in business daily Handelsblatt said.  SPD leaders agreed on Friday to open exploratory talks on forming a government with Merkel s center-right bloc, providing a chance to end a rare period of political deadlock in Europe s economic powerhouse after an inconclusive federal election. Merkel, who lost many supporters to the far-right in the Sept. 24 election, is banking on the SPD to extend her 12-year tenure after attempts to cobble together an awkward three-way alliance with two smaller parties failed in November. SPD members fear the party risks losing its identity and sustaining further electoral defeats if it signs up for another  grand coalition  with the conservatives. The SPD was Merkel s junior coalition partner from 2005-2009 and from 2013-2017. Handelsblatt said in a report to be published on Monday that Schulz had told a group of SPD lawmakers that his party should take control of the finance ministry which was led by veteran conservative Wolfgang Schaeuble for the past eight years.  The goal is (to get) the Federal Finance Ministry,  Schulz was quoted as saying, adding that the past years had shown how important the finance department had become. The SPD was not immediately available to comment on the report. Merkel s conservatives and the SPD are expected to meet next Wednesday to discuss the timetable and agenda of exploratory talks which will not start in serious before early January. Then another SPD party convention will have to give green light to kick off official coalition negotiations, scheduled for mid-January. Any agreement would finally be subject for approval by SPD members afterwards. That could mean that Germany most probably will not have a new government in place before March. If the SPD were to agree to another  grand coalition  - an option that the SPD says is by no means a foregone conclusion - and demand the finance ministry, it would likely result in changes to Germany s European policy such as more focus on spending and investment rather than austerity. Schaeuble, who has taken on the role of president in the Bundestag lower house of parliament, became unpopular among struggling euro zone states during his eight years in office due to his focus on fiscal restraint and structural reforms. Merkel ally Peter Altmaier has taken over the role as finance minister in the current caretaker government. Schulz has repeatedly said Europe could not afford to undergo another four years of the kind of European policy that Schaeuble had practiced. ",1
12077,Fifty Chinese couples marry in mass ceremony in Sri Lanka,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - Fifty couples from China tied the knot in the Sri Lankan capital on Sunday in a mass wedding ceremony, conducted in the island s Buddhist traditions, as the island aims to woo more tourists. The couples included newly-weds as well as already married couples aiming to re-dedicate their marriages, officials said.  Some were dressed in the traditional attire of Sri Lanka s mountainous central region while others wore Chinese or Western clothes at the main ceremony in the central Colombo area.   There ll be many more couples who want to come here and celebrate true marriages from China and other parts of the world,  Tourism Minister John Amaratunga told Reuters.   It ll be an opening to say Sri Lanka is the best destination for foreigners.  Chinese tourist arrivals in Sri Lanka have been rising and now account for around 13 percent of the two million tourists a year who visit the country, second only to the number of Indian visitors, official data show. Tourism accounts for around 5 percent of gross domestic product and arrivals this year have already reached about 2.3 million. China is pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into Sri Lanka for major infrastructure projects and Colombo is one of the major partners in Beijing s  One Belt One Road  project.  This is a beautiful country. We love the traditional ceremony,  bridegroom Wei Ying Nang, 28, told Reuters after the wedding, standing beside his wife, who was dressed in a white wedding frock while he wore a suit. Alice Wu, dressed in a golden sari from Sri Lanka s mountainous region, said she was interested in the culture since she studied traditional Kandyan dancing in Sri Lanka three years ago. Her husband, 25-year old Henry Liu, wore a traditional red costume resembling the dress of the ancient kings of Sri Lanka. ",1
12078,Erdogan says Turkey aims to open embassy in East Jerusalem,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey intends to open an embassy in East Jerusalem, President Tayyip Erdogan said on Sunday, days after leading calls at a summit of Muslim leaders for the world to recognize it as the capital of Palestine. It was not clear how he would carry out the move, as Israel controls all of Jerusalem and calls the city its indivisible capital. Palestinians want the capital of a future state they seek to be in East Jerusalem, which Israel took in a 1967 war and later annexed in a move not recognized internationally. The Muslim nation summit was a response to U.S. President Donald Trump s Dec. 6 decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. His move broke with decades of U.S. policy and international consensus that the city s status must be left to Israeli-Palestinian peace negotiations. Erdogan said in a speech to members of his AK Party in the southern province of Karaman that Turkey s consulate general in Jerusalem was already represented by an ambassador.  God willing, the day is close when officially, with God s permission, we will open our embassy there,  Erdogan said. Jerusalem, revered by Jews, Christians and Muslims alike, is home to Islam s third holiest shrine as well as Judaism s Western Wall - both in the eastern sector - and has been at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades. Foreign embassies in Israel, including Turkey s, are located in Tel Aviv, reflecting Jerusalem s unresolved status. A communique issued after Wednesday s summit of more than 50 Muslim countries, including U.S. allies, said they considered Trump s move to be a declaration that Washington was withdrawing from its role  as sponsor of peace  in the Middle East. ",1
12079,Ukrainian police clash with Saakashvili supporters in Kiev,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian police clashed with backers of opposition leader Mikheil Saakashvili on Sunday and prevented them from forcing their way into Kiev s October Palace after a rally against President Petro Poroshenko. The confrontation, which included the firing of tear gas canisters, was the latest chapter in the former Georgian president s stand-off with Ukrainian authorities that led to his detention and release from custody last week. The October Palace, a cultural center, became a symbol of revolt when it was a key location in the 2013-14 pro-European uprising that ousted a Moscow-backed president and installed Poroshenko, who promised to eliminate widespread corruption. Saakashvili, president of his native Georgia in 2004-2013, moved to Ukraine after an uprising there and served as a regional governor in 2015-16 before falling out with Poroshenko, whom he accuses of failing to stamp out endemic graft and being corrupt himself. Poroshenko denies the accusations. Sunday s scuffles at the October Palace were an offshoot of a larger, peaceful opposition rally in which several thousand people marched through central Kiev earlier in the day, calling for Poroshenko s impeachment. The situation was relatively calm at the Palace after darkness fell with a large number of riot police blocking the entrance to the center, whose doors protesters had earlier tried to break through, some throwing stones and other objects.   We have to be calm, keep the peace,  Saakashvili told a few hundred of his supporters, who remained outside the building. No serious injuries were reported in the clashes. Saakashvili accused the authorities of engineering the situation to provoke violence. Earlier, he had called on protesters to set up a headquarters in the building. But later, he condemned any attempt to seize administration buildings. Interior ministry adviser Anton Gerashchenko held Saakashvili responsible for the clashes.  Despite all the provocations as a result of which Mikheil Saakashvili wants to spill the blood of Ukrainians, he has not succeeded,  he said in a post on Facebook. The comments continue a long-running blame game that has included prosecutor s accusing Saakashvili of assisting a criminal organization, charges he says are trumped up to undermine his campaign to unseat Poroshenko. Police said the attempt to charge into the October Palace occurred while a children s concert was going on inside. Ukrainian lawmaker Serhiy Leshchenko, who attended the rally, joined other opposition MPs in condemning Saakashvili s actions.  This behavior could destroy the remnants of trust among like-minded political associates and alienate society,  he said on Facebook. ",1
12080,Children serenade pope on 81st birthday; he appeals for kidnapped nuns,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of people, many of them children, serenaded Pope Francis on his 81st birthday on Sunday, as the pontiff appealed for the release of Catholic nuns kidnapped last month in Nigeria. The crowd sang Happy Birthday in Italian as the pontiff appeared at the window of the Apostolic Palace overlooking St. Peter s Square for his weekly message and blessing. The first Latin American pope was born Jorge Mario Bergoglio on Dec. 17, 1936 in Buenos Aires. The former cardinal of the Argentine capital became leader of the world s 1.2 billion Roman Catholics in 2013.   In keeping with a long-standing tradition in Rome, the children faced the pope s window and held up small statues of the baby Jesus for him to bless. The statues are placed in home nativity scenes, a custom still practised in many Italian families. Francis, who has often warned against excessive materialism during the holiday season, departed from his address to say:  This is the real Christmas. If we remove Jesus, what is left? An empty feast.  He appealed for the release of six Roman Catholic nuns kidnapped from their convent in the town of Iguoriakhi, Nigeria, last month. Francis said he hoped they and all other victims of kidnappings could be home for Christmas. ",1
12081,"South Africa's Ramaphosa, Dlamini-Zuma formally nominated to run for president of ANC","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress formally nominated Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa and former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma as the only candidates to run for the presidency of the party at a conference on Sunday. The official nominations, announced by an election official, come after months of campaigning across Africa s most industrialized economy set the stage for the start of voting by 4,776 delegates in the tight race between the two candidates. ",1
12082,"Suicide bombers attack church in Pakistan's Quetta before Christmas, killing nine","QUETTA, Pakistan/ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Two suicide bombers stormed a packed Christian church in southwestern Pakistan on Sunday, killing at least nine people and wounding up to 56, officials said, in the latest attack claimed by Islamic State in the country. Police guards stationed at the church entrance and on its roof killed one of the bombers but the second attacker detonated his explosives-filled vest outside its prayer hall just after Sunday services began in Quetta, capital of Baluchistan province, said Sarfraz Bugti, the provincial home minister. Baluchistan police chief Moazzam Jah said there were nearly 400 worshippers in the church for the pre-Christmas service. The death toll could have been much higher if the gunmen had forced their way into the sanctuary, he said. Jah said the venue - Bethel Memorial Methodist Church - was on high alert as Christian places of worship are often targeted by Islamist extremists over the Christmas season.  We killed one of them, and the other one exploded himself after police wounded him,  he said. Islamic State claimed the attack, the group s Amaq news agency said in an online statement, without providing any evidence for its claim. Another police official, Abdur Razaq Cheema, said two other attackers escaped.  Broken wooden benches, shards of glass and musical instruments were scattered around a Christmas tree inside the prayer hall that was splashed with blood stains. Kal Alaxander, 52, was at the church with his wife and two children when the attack happened.  We were in services when we heard a big bang,  he told Reuters.  Then there was shooting. The prayer hall s wooden door broke and fell on us ... We hid the women and children under desks.   Maryam George, 20, cried at a hospital where her younger sister Alizeh was fighting for life with two broken legs and multiple other wounds. Pakistani Christians, who number around 2 million in a nation of more than 200 million people, have been the target of a series of attacks in recent years. Baluchistan, a strategically important region bordering Iran as well as Afghanistan, is plagued by violence by Sunni Islamist sectarian groups linked to the Taliban, al Qaeda and Islamic State. It also has an indigenous ethnic Baloch insurgency fighting against the central government. Middle East-based Islamic State has created an active branch in Pakistan and Afghanistan in recent years mostly by recruiting among established militants, and its followers have claimed some of Pakistan s most deadly attacks in recent years. A suicide bomber killed 52 people and wounded over 100 at a Baluchistan Sufi shrine in November last year, in an attack claimed by Islamic State. In February, Islamic State attacked a Sufi shrine in Pakistan s southern Sindh province, killing 83 people. Violence in Baluchistan has fueled concern about security for projects in the $57 billion China Pakistan Economic Corridor, a transport and energy link planned to run from western China to Pakistan s southern deep-water port of Gwadar. The church attack came a day after the third anniversary of a Pakistani Taliban attack on an army-run school that killed 134 children, one of the single deadliest attacks in the country s history. Pakistan s army chief, General Qamar Javed Bajwa, condemned the attack.   Quetta church attack targeting our brotherly Christian Pakistanis is an attempt to cloud Christmas celebrations,  he said.  We stay united and steadfast to respond against such heinous attempts.  Last year s Easter Day attack in a public park that killed more than 70 people in the eastern city of Lahore was claimed by a Taliban splinter group previously associated with Islamic State. The United States strongly condemned  the shocking and brutal attack on innocent worshippers,  U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan David Hale said in a statement. ",1
12083,Iran tells France's Macron not to 'blindly follow' Trump,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iran on Sunday criticized French President Emmanuel Macron over his tough stance toward Tehran and said Paris would soon lose its international credibility if it  blindly follows  U.S. President Donald Trump. Tensions between Iran and France have risen in recent months after Macron said Tehran should be less aggressive in the Middle East, citing in particular its involvement in Syria s civil war. Macron, unlike Trump, has reaffirmed his country s commitment to the deal Iran signed in 2015 with world powers under which it curbed its disputed nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of most international sanctions. However, he has been critical of Iran s ballistic missile tests and wants to raise the possibility of new sanctions over the program, which Tehran calls solely defensive in nature.  To sustain its international credibility, France should not blindly follow the Americans ... The French president is now acting as Trump s lapdog,  Ali Akbar Velayati, the top adviser to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, was quoted as saying by the semi-official Fars news agency. Velayati also criticized U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, who last week presented pieces of what she said were parts of an Iranian missile supplied to the Tehran-aligned Houthi militia in Yemen. She described the objects as conclusive evidence that Tehran was violating U.N. resolutions.  This claim shows she lacks basic scientific knowledge and decency. She is like her boss (Trump) as he also says baseless, ridiculous things. Iran has not supplied Yemen with any missile,  Velayati said. Tasnim news agency quoted the spokesman for Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards, Ramezan Sharif, as saying on Sunday that  they show a cylinder and say Iran s fingerprints are all over it, while everyone knows that Yemen acquired some missile capabilities from the Soviet Union and North Korea in the past . France took a cautious stance on Haley s report.  The United Nations secretariat has not, at this stage, drawn any conclusions. France continues to examine the information at its disposal,  Foreign Ministry deputy spokesman Alexandre Giorgini said on Friday. Saudi Arabia, who has long accused Iran of smuggling missiles to the Houthis and has intervened against them in Yemen s war to try to restore its internationally recognized government, welcomed Haley s report. Iran has one of the Middle East s biggest missile programs and some of its precision-guided missiles have the range to strike its arch-regional enemy Israel. Israel has also called for world powers to take punitive steps against Iran over its missile ambitions. An Israeli cabinet minister said last month that Israel has had covert contacts with Saudi Arabia amid common concerns over Iran. Velayati said on Sunday that reported meetings between Saudi and Israeli officials were no threat to Iran as both countries were  weak and insignificant.  Last month, the Revolutionary Guards warned Europe that if it threatens Tehran, the Guards will increase the range of missiles to above 2,000 kilometers (1,240 miles). ",1
12084,Insurgents burn bus in southern Thailand,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Armed insurgents stopped and torched a Bangkok-bound passenger bus on a highway in southern Thailand on Sunday, police said. All 14 passengers, as well as the bus driver and his assistance, survived the attack, although their luggage were burned with the bus. The attack occurred in Yala, one of the predominantly ethnic Malay Muslim provinces in the south where a separatist insurgency has dragged on for more than a decade. More than 6,500 people have been killed since 2004. Police said at least 10 gunmen were involved in the latest attack. They all escaped, blocking the road with tree trunks and nails to thwart any pursuers. An army spokesman was not available for comment. As with most violence in Thailand s deep south, there was no claim of responsibility. The insurgents are fighting for secession from predominantly Buddhist Thailand. Thailand s military government has, since 2015, held talks brokered by Malaysia, aim at ending the violence. The process, which aim to established a  safety-zone  as a confidence-building measure by early next year, has been stalled. ",1
12085,Car bomber attacks NATO convoy in Afghanistan,"KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A car bomber attacked a NATO convoy in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar on Sunday, killing one civilian and wounding four others but without causing casualties among international forces, officials said. Qudratullah Khushbakht, a spokesman for the Kandahar governor, said the attack happened on the airport road, killing a woman and wounding four other people. However a spokesman for the NATO-led Resolute Support mission said there had been no injuries among troops in the convoy.  We can confirm a suicide bomber attempted an attack on a patrol in Kandahar, Afghanistan, earlier today. However, there were no fatalities or injuries sustained by coalition forces,  the spokesman said in an emailed statement. ",1
12086,Islamic State claims Pakistan church attack: Amaq news agency,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State claimed an attack on a church in the Pakistani city of Quetta on Sunday which killed at least five people, the group s Amaq news agency said in an online statement. It said two Islamic State members had carried out the attack but provided no evidence for the claim. ",1
12087,Palestinian billionaire Masri released by Saudis; says they 'gave him all respect',"AMMAN (Reuters) - Sabih al Masri, a Palestinian billionaire and Jordan s most influential businessman, was released after several days of detention in Saudi Arabia, the latest in a series of events marking the worst crackdown on the rich and powerful in the country s modern history. Masri, the chairman of Amman-based Arab Bank, the country s largest lender, was detained last Tuesday hours before he was planning to leave after chairing meetings of companies he owns, sources said. He said on Sunday Saudi authorities had given him  all respect . The authorities have not commented on his detention, which came after his confidants had warned him against traveling to the Saudi capital following a series of mass arrests in early November, the sources said. Sources familiar with the case said he was questioned about his links to Saudi partners among the royals, ministers and officials who were rounded up in last month s crackdown. His case carried echoes of that of Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, who announced his resignation from Riyadh, drawing accusations from Lebanese officials that he had been coerced by the Saudis. Both the Saudis and Hariri denied that, but Hariri later rescinded his resignation. Masri s detention sent shockwaves through business circles in Jordan and the Palestinian territories. Masri s multi-billion- dollar investments in hotels and banking in Jordan are a cornerstone of the economy of the kingdom and he is by far the biggest investor in Palestinian territories. Arab Bank shares, which account for almost a quarter of the $24 billion market capitalization of the Amman exchange, ended just 1.44 percent lower at start of weekly trade as investor fears ebbed with news of his release. Officials and businessmen had warned of the reverberations of the crisis on an aid-strapped Jordanian economy already plagued by high debts. Saudi Arabia is a major donor.  Masri has since taking the helm at Arab Bank in 2012 helped boost confidence in one of the Arab world s largest private financial institutions.  The bank, which was first established in Jerusalem in 1930, has a balance sheet of over $45 billion and has earned a reputation of resilience in the face of regional political turmoil. Masri said on Sunday that he would be returning to Jordan after finishing business meetings in Riyadh in the next two days.  All is well and am happy (to be released) and I was given all respect by everyone here,  a Saudi citizen of Palestinian origin, told Reuters from his home in Riyadh. A member of a prominent merchant family from Nablus in the Israeli-occupied West Bank, Masri amassed a fortune by partnering with influential Saudis in a catering business to supply troops during the U.S.-led military operation to retake Kuwait from Iraq in the 1991 Gulf War. Masri is the founder of Saudi Astra Group, which has wide interests in diversified industries ranging from agro-industry to telecommunications, construction and mining across the region.  Reasons for Masri s detention were not clear, but political sources said the Saudis might have used him to put pressure on Jordan s King Abdullah not to attend a Muslim summit last week to discuss U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. The Jordanian monarch attended the Istanbul summit, however. He is a custodian of Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem and has been vocal in criticizing Trump over his decision on Jerusalem. Saudi Arabia, whose relations with the United States have warmed with Trump taking a harder line against its arch-rival Iran than his predecessor, appears to have taken a softer line on the decision on Jerusalem than in the past, according to analysts. Riyadh sent a junior minister to the Istanbul meeting. ",1
12088,Christmas market opens in Algerian capital,"ALGIERS (Reuters) - A small Christmas market has opened in Algeria s capital, catering to a rising number of Christian African migrants as well as diplomats and locals in the overwhelmingly Muslim country. Around 99 percent of Algeria s population is Sunni Muslim but the number of Christians has been rising due to an influx of  migrants from sub-Saharan countries such as Mali, Niger and Burkina Faso. The market, organized by the Caritas charity, is also a sign of stable security in a country that has rebounded from a decade of Islamist militant violence during which 200,000 people died. Diplomats used to hunker down in fortified embassies, rarely venturing out, but now live alongside Algerians in residential quarters. No militant attack has been reported in Algiers for more than 10 years. Caritas staged a similar Christmas market last year but kept it low profile. This year it advertised the market in advance, calling for a  living together  between Christians and Muslims. No official figure is available for the number of African migrants, but some estimates put it at around 100,000.  It is not about making money, but rather about using the money to help the most vulnerable, whether Algerians, African migrants or Syrians,  Caritas Algeria director Maurice Pilloud said. Veiled Muslim women mix with foreigners at the market in Algiers  El Biar district, where honey, chocolate, cakes, jewelry and trinkets are sold. Many donations came from Muslims, said Pilloud. The market offers the chance for young people to make a contribution to society in a political system where the ruling  party has dominated all aspects of the oil-producing North African state since independence in 1962.  Charitable work remains most attractive for a majority of young Algerians who shun political action because it doesn t bring change,  said Cherif Lounes, 47, who was visiting the market along with his mother.  We need 50 Caritas associations in Algeria to help the vulnerable, whether Algerians or migrants,  added Saida, his 79-year-old mother. ",1
12089,"Philippines' Duterte, in about-face, says he supports same-sex unions","MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Sunday expressed his support for same-sex unions, after previously declaring his opposition to gay marriage, in an about-face that may displease bishops in the mainly Roman Catholic country. Speaking at a gathering of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in his hometown Davao City, Duterte vowed to protect the rights of homosexuals and invited them to nominate a representative to work in his government.  I said I am for (same) sex marriage if that is the trend of the modern times,  he said.  If that will add to your happiness, I am for it.  Duterte previously was quoted by local media as saying he was opposed to gay unions because marriage in the Philippines is only between a man and a woman. Duterte had brought up the gender issue in the past while attacking Western countries that allow it, especially those who criticize his brutal war on drugs. Many countries, mostly in Western Europe and the Americas, have already recognized same-sex unions. Australia is the latest to legalize it. Catholic bishops in the Philippines, who also oppose Duterte s bloody anti-narcotics campaign, have voiced concern over legalizing same-sex marriage after his top ally in Congress vowed earlier this year to push for it.  Why impose a morality that is no longer working and almost passed,  Duterte said, in an apparent reference to traditional church teaching on the issue.  So I am with you.  He asked the LGBT community to nominate a representative whom he could appoint to a government post, saying he needed  the brightest  to replace those he has recently fired over allegations of corruption.  You nominate somebody who is honest, hardworking. I give you until the second week of January to nominate,  he said. ",1
12090,"U.S., Russian, Japanese crew blasts off for space station","(Reuters) - A trio of U.S. and Japanese astronauts and a Russian cosmonaut blasted off from Kazakhstan on Sunday for a two-day trip to the International Space Station, a NASA TV broadcast showed. Commander Anton Shkaplerov of Roscosmos and flight engineers Norishige Kanai of Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency and Scott Tingle of NASA lifted off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome at 1:21 p.m. local time (0721 GMT/0221 EST). The crew will gradually approach the station, which orbits about 250 miles (400 km) above Earth, for two days before docking. Shkaplerov, Kanai and Tingle will join Alexander Misurkin of Roscosmos and Mark Vande Hei and Joe Acaba of NASA, who have been aboard the orbital outpost since September. Onboard cameras showed crew members making thumbs-up gestures after the blast-off. Also visible was a stuffed dog toy chosen by Shkaplerov s daughter to be the spacecraft s zero-gravity indicator. Soyuz was safely in orbit about 10 minutes after the launch. ",1
12091,"Italy's ruling PD party slips further in polls, newspaper reports","MILAN (Reuters) - Italy s ruling Democratic Party (PD) has lost further ground over its rivals after political infighting and fallout from a banking scandal, an opinion poll showed on Sunday. The poll comes just weeks before parliament is expected to be dissolved before elections early next year. The PD share of the vote fell 1 percent, from eight days ago, to 23.4 percent, its lowest level in five years, according to the Ipsos poll in the newspaper Corriere della Sera. Support for the PD, headed by former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, has fallen steadily in recent months, with the group damaged by deep schisms and personality clashes. The party has also come under fire over allegations cabinet undersecretary Maria Elena Boschi took steps to try to save Banca Etruria, a local bank based in her home town of Arezzo. Boschi has repeatedly denied exerting any political pressure in deciding the future of Banca Etruria. The Ipsos poll said growing support from smaller allies had raised the center-left bloc s share of the vote to 26.2 percent, as of Dec. 14, from 24.8 percent. That was well short of the 36 percent polled by the center-right bloc led by former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi. It was also behind the 28.2 percent share of the 5-Star anti-establishment party. The 5-Star Movement is predicted to emerge as the largest single party in the next parliament, but it has repeatedly ruled out joining any coalition. Italy has just introduced a new electoral system that is expected to handicap 5-Star, favoring instead mainstream political blocs. Italy s parliament is likely to be dissolved between Christmas and the New Year, opening the way for national elections in early March that look unlikely to produce a clear winner. ",1
12092,Two Danish journalists wounded in Islamist knife attack in Gabon,"LIBREVILLE (Reuters) - An attacker wielding a knife and crying  Allahu Akbar  has wounded two Danish journalists in Gabon s capital Libreville, the Gabonese defense minister said. The two reporters for the National Geographic channel were in a popular market for tourist souvenirs on Saturday, when a Nigerien national living in Gabon lunged at them with the knife, Defence Minister Etienne Kabinda Makaga said in a statement on Gabonese television. After his arrest, the 53-year-old suspect, who has lived in Gabon for two decades, told authorities he was carrying out a revenge attack against America for recognizing Israel s capital as Jerusalem, Makaga said, giving no further explanation.  A judicial investigation was immediately opened at the public prosecutor s office of Libreville to establish if the acts of the aggressor were isolated or a conspiracy,  Makaga said. Oil-rich Gabon has a small Muslim population consisting mostly of foreign workers, although the precise number is not known. It is not normally considered a high risk country for jihadist violence.   (This story corrects to make clear attacker was  Nigerien  from Niger, not  Nigerian  from Nigeria) ",1
12093,"Brexit will not be derailed, says May ahead of crunch cabinet meetings","LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday she would not be derailed from leaving the European Union, laying the groundwork for difficult meetings this week in which she will try to unite a divided cabinet behind her vision for post-Brexit Britain. May was applauded by European Union leaders in Brussels on Friday after securing an agreement to move previously-deadlocked talks forward onto the topic of interim and long-term trading arrangements. The progress has gone some way to easing concerns of businesses and investors who fear Britain could crash out of the bloc without an exit deal, or that May s fragile government could collapse under the pressure of delivering Brexit.  Amid all the noise, we are getting on with the job,  May wrote in the Sunday Telegraph.  My message today is very clear: we will not be derailed from this fundamental duty to deliver the democratic will of the British people.    But May can expect some difficult exchanges this week when she and senior ministers discuss the so-called  end state  of the Brexit negotiations for the first time since Britain voted to leave the EU in a referendum in June 2016.  The type of long-term relationship the country should have with the EU is a vexed question at every level in Britain,  including within May s cabinet where some want to keep close ties with the EU and others want a more radical divorce from Brussels. Mindful of the need to keep both sides happy, May has so far plotted a careful path.  May says she wants a wide-ranging free trade deal with the EU and a more outward-looking trade policy, but has largely steered clear of the more contentious issues such as whether Britain should stay aligned with EU trading rules and the future role of European courts.   Meetings expected to take place on Monday and Tuesday are likely to force those issues out into the open. One of the key pro-Brexit voices in the cabinet, foreign minister Boris Johnson, has set out his own view ahead of the meetings, warning May that Britain must avoid becoming  subordinate to the EU.  What we need to do is something new and ambitious, which allows zero tariffs and frictionless trade but still gives us that important freedom to decide our own regulatory framework, our own laws and do things in a distinctive way in the future,  he told the Sunday Times newspaper. He said that mirroring EU laws would leave Britons asking  What is the point of what you have achieved?  because we would have gone from a member state to a vassal state.  ",1
12094,Chinese military transport plane flies near Taiwan,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - At least one Chinese Air Force Yun-8 transport plane conducted a long-haul flight near Taiwan on Sunday, the island s Defence Ministry said, amid simmering tensions between the two rivals. Taiwan dispatched its aircraft and ships to  monitor and deal with  the Yun8, which returned to its base after flying through the Bashi Channel and Miyako waterway, Defense Minister Feng Shih-kuan said. It was unclear whether one plane or more made the flight. There was no untoward incident and the public should not be alarmed, Feng said. He did not give further details. China has considered Taiwan to be a wayward province since Chiang Kai-shek s Nationalist troops fled to the island in 1949 after losing the Chinese civil war to Mao Zedong s Communist forces on the mainland. Beijing suspects Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen of the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party wants to declare the island s formal independence. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend the island s security. China has never renounced the use of force to bring the self-ruled democratic island under its control. China has conducted numerous similar patrols near Taiwan this year, saying such practices have been normalized as it presses ahead with a military modernization program that includes building aircraft carriers and stealth fighters to give it the ability to project power far from its shores. In September, the U.S. Congress passed the National Defense Authorization Act for the 2018 fiscal year, which authorizes mutual visits by navy vessels between Taiwan and the United States. That prompted a senior Chinese diplomat to say this month China would invade the island if any U.S. warships made port visits there. ",1
12095,Australia arrests man accused of trying to sell missile parts for North Korea,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australian police said on Sunday they had arrested a man accused of working on the black market to sell missile components and coal on behalf of North Korea, the first charges ever brought in Australia over the sale of weapons of mass destruction. The man had been charged with two counts under an act preventing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, police said, and with another four under legislation enforcing United Nations and Australian sanctions against North Korea. The Sydney man was identified by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and other media as 59-year-old Chan Han Choi, who they said had been living in Australia for more than 30 years and was of Korean descent. He was arrested in the Sydney suburb of Eastwood on Saturday and was due to face court later on Sunday, police said. He came to the attention of authorities earlier this year, the Australian Federal Police (AFP) said.  This man was a loyal agent of North Korea, who believed he was acting to serve some higher patriotic purpose,  AFP Assistant Commissioner Neil Gaughan told reporters.  This case is like nothing we have ever seen on Australian soil,  he said. Police will allege the man tried to broker the sale of missile components, including software for the guidance systems of ballistic missiles, as well as trying to sell coal to third parties in Indonesia and Vietnam. Gaughan said the trade could have been worth  tens of millions of dollars  if successful. Cash-strapped North Korea has come under a new round of stricter United Nations sanctions this year after pressing ahead with its missile and nuclear programmes in defiance of international pressure. Tensions have risen dramatically on the Korean peninsula because of the North s ballistic missile launches and its sixth and most powerful nuclear test, as well as joint military drills between South Korea and the United States that the North describes as preparation for war. Pyongyang claimed that its latest intercontinental ballistic missile launch in November had the range to reach all of the United States.  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged North Korea on Friday to carry out a  sustained cessation  of its weapons testing to allow talks about its missile and nuclear programmes. However, the North has shown little interest in talks until it has the ability to hit the U.S. mainland with a nuclear-tipped missile, which many experts say it has yet to prove. Gaughan said the man had been in touch with high-ranking North Korean officials but no missile components ever made it to Australia. He also said there was no indication officials in Indonesia or Vietnam had been involved in the attempted coal sales.  This is black market 101,  Gaughan said.  We are alleging that all the activity occurred offshore, and was purely another attempt for this man to trade goods and services as a way to raise revenue for the government of North Korea,  he said. The man faces up to 18 years in jail if convicted. He did not apply for bail and will next face court on Wednesday. ",1
12096,Tens of thousands of Indonesians rally over Trump's Jerusalem stance,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Muslims marched from the main mosque in Indonesia s capital to a square in Jakarta on Sunday to protest against U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. It was the biggest protest in Indonesia since Trump s controversial move earlier this month to reverse decades of U.S. policy. Police estimated the number attending the rally, organized by various Muslim groups, at about 80,000. The protest was peaceful but rows of police behind coils of barbed wire held back the crowd outside the U.S. embassy in Jakarta. A police spokesman said 20,000 police and members of the military were deployed to ensure security.   We urge all countries to reject the unilateral and illegal decision of President Donald Trump to make Jerusalem Israel s capital,  Anwar Abbas, the secretary general of the Indonesian Ulema Council, told the crowd.    We call on all Indonesian people to boycott U.S. and Israel products in this country  if Trump does not revoked his action, Abbas said, reading from a petition due to be handed to the U.S. ambassador in Indonesia. Many of the protesters were clad in white and waved Palestinian flags and held up placards, some reading:  Peace, love and free Palestine . There have been a series of protests in Indonesia over the issue, including some where hardliners burned U.S. and Israeli flags. The status of Jerusalem, a city holy to Jews, Muslims and Christians, is one of the biggest barriers to a lasting Israeli-Palestinian peace. Jerusalem s eastern sector was captured by Israel in a 1967war and annexed in a move not recognized internationally. Palestinians claim East Jerusalem for the capital of an independent state that they seek, while Israel maintains that all of Jerusalem is its capital. ",1
12097,Second prototype of China's C919 jet conducts test flight: state TV,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A second prototype of China s home-built C919 passenger jet took off for a test flight in Shanghai on Sunday, state television reported, another step forward in the country s ambitions to muscle in to the global jet market. A total of six prototypes will eventually conduct test flights, China Central Television reported, with engine tests to be a particular focus. The aim was to conduct another long-distance test flight in late January, chief engineer Wang Wei was quoted as saying. More than 1,000 tests would be carried out. The narrow-body aircraft, which will compete with Boeing s 737 and the Airbus A320, is a symbol of China s ambitions to penetrate the global passenger jet market, estimated to be worth $2 trillion over the next 20 years. The C919 made its maiden flight on May 5 after numerous delays. Analysts have questioned the long periods between previous test flights. It completed its first long-distance flight on Nov. 10, flying for 2 hours and 23 minutes from Shanghai to the central Chinese city of Xi an, covering more than 1,300 km (800 miles) and reaching an altitude of 7,800 meters (25,590 feet). Its manufacturer, the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China Ltd (COMAC) [CMAFC.UL], called the maiden flight a milestone that  marked the plane s move into an airworthiness certification phase. COMAC is aiming to obtain certification for the plane from Chinese regulators as well as Europe s aviation safety regulator, which agreed in April to start the certification process. The plane has dozens of customers who have placed orders and commitments for 785 jets, COMAC has said. ",1
12098,North Korea threat on agenda when South Korean foreign minister visits Japan,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s foreign minister will visit Japan this week to meet her Japanese counterpart, the foreign ministry said on Sunday, with Seoul and Tokyo seeking to boost cooperation over the handling of North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. The need to confront the threat posed by North Korea s ballistic missile and nuclear tests comes despite lingering tension over the issue of sexual slavery during Japan s wartime occupation of Korea. Kang Kyung-wha will arrive in Tokyo on Tuesday and meet  Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono during her two-day visit, her first trip to Japan as South Korea s top diplomat, the foreign ministry in Seoul said in a statement.   The two ministers will exchange views on issues of common interests focusing on bilateral relations and North Korea-related issues, including its nuclear programme,  the ministry statement said. South Korea and Japan are seeking to improve security cooperation over North Korea, but there have been conflicting signals over whether they can resolve a feud over  comfort women  who were forced to work in Japan s wartime military brothels. Ties have been frozen over the issue, with South Korean President Moon Jae-in has promising to renegotiate an unpopular 2015 pact signed with Japan.  Under that pact, Japan apologized again to former comfort women and promised 1 billion yen ($8.9 million) for a fund to help them. The two governments agreed the issue would be  irreversibly resolved  if both fulfilled their obligations.  ($1 = 112.5700 yen) ",1
12099,"Mudslide in southern Chile kills five, at least 15 missing","SANTIAGO (Reuters) - A mudslide on Saturday tore through a small village in southern Chile near a popular national park, leaving five people dead and at least 15 missing after a night of torrential downpours, authorities said. A video taken from a helicopter by Chilean police showed a vast swath of the remote town of Villa Santa Lucia, near Chaiten in coastal Patagonia, buried beneath the mud as the landslide plowed its way down a flooded river valley. Four Chileans and a male tourist whose name and nationality have not been disclosed were died in the mudslide, authorities said.  Rescue workers were continuing to search through the debris for at least 15 people. The mudslide also destroyed a school and several homes and roadways as well as a voting center ahead of Chile s presidential election on Sunday. President Michelle Bachelet declared the area a disaster zone.  I have ordered rescue workers to put all the necessary resources toward protecting the people of Villa Santa Lucia,  she said on social media. More than 4.5 inches (11.4 cm) of rain fell in 24 hours, the country s Interior Ministry said, but weather conditions were expected to improve later in the day. Villa Santa Lucia borders Chile s Corcovado National Park, a popular tourist region of volcanoes, fjords and vast forests. The nearby Chaiten volcano erupted in 2008, forcing the evacuation of thousands of residents. ",1
12100,U.N. council mulls call for U.S. Jerusalem decision to be withdrawn,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council is considering a draft resolution that would insist any decisions on the status of Jerusalem have no legal effect and must be rescinded after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized the city as Israel s capital.  The one-page Egyptian-drafted text, which was circulated to the 15-member council on Saturday and seen by Reuters, does not specifically mention the United States or Trump. Diplomats say it has broad support but will likely be vetoed by Washington. The council could vote early next week, diplomats said. A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, France, Britain, Russia or China to pass. Trump abruptly reversed decades of U.S. policy this month when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, generating outrage from Palestinians. Trump also plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. After the decision, Arab foreign ministers agreed to seek a U.N. Security Council resolution. While the draft is unlikely to be adopted, it would further isolate Trump over the Jerusalem issue.  The U.S. mission to the United Nations declined to comment on the draft. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has praised Trump s decision as  the just and right thing to do.  The draft U.N. resolution  affirms that any decisions and actions which purport to have altered, the character, status or demographic composition of the Holy City of Jerusalem have no legal effect, are null and void and must be rescinded in compliance with relevant resolutions of the Security Council.  It calls upon all countries to refrain establishing diplomatic missions in Jerusalem. Israel considers the city its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there.   No vote or debate will change the clear reality that Jerusalem  is the capital of Israel, Israel s ambassador to the United Nations, Danny Danon, said in a statement.  Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in a 1967 war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally.     The draft council resolution  demands that all states comply with Security Council resolutions regarding the Holy City of Jerusalem, and not to recognize any actions or measures contrary to those resolutions.  A U.N. Security Council resolution adopted in December last year  underlines that it will not recognize any changes to the 4 June 1967 lines, including with regard to Jerusalem, other than those agreed by the parties through negotiations.  That resolution was approved with 14 votes in favor and an abstention by former U.S. President Barack Obama s administration.     ",1
12101,Canadian police probe mysterious deaths of billionaire pharma couple,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Canadian police are investigating the mysterious deaths of pharmaceuticals billionaire Barry Sherman, founder of Apotex Inc, and his wife Honey, whose bodies were found in their Toronto mansion on Friday. Authorities were conducting post-mortem examinations on Saturday and treating the deaths as suspicious. A Toronto Police spokesman said that nothing had been ruled out in the probe. Two Canadian newspapers reported that police were investigating the deaths as a possible murder-suicide, citing unidentified police sources.  The bodies were found hanging from a railing on the edge of a basement swimming pool, the Globe and Mail and Toronto Sun reported, citing police sources. The newspapers reported that investigators were working on the theory that Barry Sherman, 75, killed his wife, hung her body and then hanged himself at the pool s edge.  Apotex released a statement Saturday saying that the Sherman family was disturbed by the reports.  We are shocked and think it s irresponsible that police sources have reportedly advised the media of a theory which neither their family, their friends nor their colleagues believe to be true,  said the statement, which was attributed to the family of Barry and Honey Sherman.  We urge the Toronto Police Service to conduct a thorough, intensive and objective criminal investigation, and urge the media to refrain from further reporting as to the cause of these tragic deaths until the investigation is completed,  it said. Toronto Police Constable David Hopkinson said police are awaiting post-mortem results and no determinations have been made as to the cause and manner of deaths.   There s a whole bunch of different scenarios here. We are not ruling anything out,  he said.  About a dozen police officers canvassed neighbors for information on the case Saturday while a forensics photographer took pictures of the snow-covered estate.   The deaths shocked Canada s political, business and philanthropic elite, prompting a flood of condolences from business leaders and politicians including Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Barry Sherman was a prominent donor to Canada s ruling Liberal Party, drawing on a fortune that Forbes estimated at $3.2 billion. Canadian advocacy group Democracy Watch criticized him last year for involvement in a fundraiser for the Liberals while registered as a government lobbyist. Sherman founded generic drugmaker Apotex in 1974, building it into one of the world s largest pharmaceutical makers. It has annual sales of more than C$2 billion in more than 45 countries, according to its website. He stepped down as CEO in 2012, but stayed on as chairman. Sherman was involved in a series of lawsuits, including a decade-long battle with cousins seeking compensation over allegations he cut them out of the company that would make him rich. Police found out about the Shermans  deaths at about midday Friday while responding to an emergency call.  Authorities have not said who made the call, though Canadian media reported the couple s bodies were found by a real estate agent helping them sell their home, which was on the market for C$6.9 million ($5.4 million).  The real state agent could not be reached for comment. The Shermans, who had four children, were major donors to hospitals, universities and Jewish organizations. Honey Sherman sat on the boards of several hospital, charitable and Jewish foundations, and last month was awarded a Senate medal for community service.  She immigrated to Canada as a child when Jewish Immigrant Aid Services relocated her family shortly after the Holocaust, according to a profile of the couple on the Jewish Foundation of Greater Toronto s website.  ",1
12102,Brazil's Workers Party formalizes support for ex-president Lula,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s leftist Workers Party (PT) approved a resolution on Saturday formally supporting the candidacy of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, as the nation s left continues to rally around the leader despite a corruption conviction.  We arrive in 2018, an election year, with the candidacy of Lula consolidated in such a way that it doesn t belong to the PT; it belongs to the Brazilian people,  read the resolution, drafted by the party s national committee after a two-day meeting in Sao Paulo, Brazil s largest city.   We must defend the candidacy against systemic attacks from coup mongers, that are going to use all means to stop the people from expressing their will in the elections.  Lula, a former union leader who ran Brazil from 2003 to 2011, was convicted in July of accepting 3.7 million reais ($1.12 million) in bribes from an engineering firm in exchange for public works contracts. If an appeals court fails to overturn the conviction on Jan. 24, he will be barred from running for elections scheduled for October 2018. Even after the conviction, Lula remains beloved by much of Brazil s working class for bringing millions out of poverty through generous social welfare programs. A Datafolha poll released on Dec. 2 showed Lula getting at least 34 percent of votes if a presidential election were held today, double the support for his nearest rival.  If they dare find Lula guilty, it will prove the political nature of the entire process,  the PT resolution read. ($1 = 3.29 reais) ",1
12103,Foreign minister warns UK cannot become 'vassal state' of EU,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Britain must strike a strong trade deal with the European Union after Brexit and avoid becoming a subordinate state of the bloc, foreign minister and leading Brexiteer Boris Johnson has told the Sunday Times newspaper. Failure to ditch EU law would make the United Kingdom a  vassal state,  Johnson said in an interview to be published on Sunday. The government must aim to  maximize the benefits of Brexit  by getting divergence from the bloc s rules so that it could do  proper free trade deals  with other countries. Prime Minister Theresa May this week secured an agreement with the EU to move Brexit talks on to trade and a transition pact. But she must now unite her deeply divided cabinet over what trade deal Britain actually wants. [nL8N1OF03W] Separately, in a measure of the difficulty May will face in bringing her side together, finance minister Philip Hammond caused a stir amongst some Brexit supporters because he said that after Britain formally leaves the EU in March 2019, it will seek to replicate the current status quo in a transition period.    [nL4N1OG05L] Former work and pensions minister Ian Duncan Smith criticized Hammond, as did other leading Brexit supporters, for making a statement which he said was  not government policy . Johnson told the Sunday Times he would advance the case for a  liberal Brexit  in a new intervention in the debate this week in which he would play up the advantages of leaving the EU.      ",1
12104,More than half of Britons now want to stay in EU  - poll,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - A poll has found that 51 percent of Britons would now keep European Union membership while 41 percent want to leave the bloc, a near reversal of last year s referendum result. The BMG poll of 1,400 people for The Independent published on the newspaper s website on Saturday came as Britain moves into a second phase of negotiations on exiting the EU, which will focus on trade. The Independent said the lead for  remain  over  leave  was the biggest in any poll so far since the vote in June 2016. But the head of polling at BMG, quoted in the Independent, said that the reason for the change was a shift in opinion among those who did not vote in last year s referendum, while around nine in 10  leave  and  remain  voters were unchanged in their views. The survey was carried out from December 5 to 8. In the referendum last year, 52 percent of Britons voted to leave the EU and 48 percent voted to remain. Mike Smithson, an election analyst who runs the www.politicalbetting.com website who is also a former Liberal Democrat politician, said on Twitter it was  the biggest lead for Remain since (the EU referendum).  Prime Minister Theresa May this week secured an agreement with the EU to move Brexit talks on to trade and a transition pact, but some European leaders warned that negotiations, which have been arduous so far, could now become tougher. ",1
12105,Odebrecht says dealings with Peru president were legitimate,"LIMA (Reuters) - Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ODBES.UL] said Saturday that its recently-disclosed business ties to embattled Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski were not part of the corrupt deals it struck with politicians that it has acknowledged to prosecutors. The assertion might strengthen Kuczynski s bid to survive a vote to remove him from office on Thursday in the opposition-ruled Congress over allegations he took bribes from Odebrecht, which is at the center of Latin America s biggest graft scandal. Earlier this week, Odebrecht sent Congress a requested report detailing deposits totaling $4.8 million that it paid to two companies owned by Kuczynski or a close business associate of his for financial and advising services. Kuczynski, who previously denied any links to the company, has resisted calls to resign over the transactions and said there was nothing improper about them. Odebrecht denied accusations by an influential journalist with the newspaper La Republica that the disclosure was an attempt to overthrow Kuczynski in collusion with the right-wing opposition. It was able to disclose the transactions because there was no sign they were part of any of its past criminal activities, which it can only discuss with public prosecutors, Odebrecht said.  They were duly paid and officially accounted for,  Odebrecht said in a letter to La Republica that it made public on Twitter on Saturday.  Odebrecht is obligated by law to send requested information to relevant authorities,  including an investigative committee in Congress, the company said. Odebrecht has rocked Latin American politics with its public confession a year ago that it orchestrated sophisticated kickback schemes across a dozen countries for more than a decade - landing elites in jail from Colombia to the Dominican Republic. Late on Friday, lawmakers passed a motion to start  presidential vacancy  procedures with enough votes to unseat Kuczynski in a vote it scheduled for Thursday. The center-right president s supporters cited Odebrecht s letter to La Republica to argue that his only fault was misleading Peru about his connections to Odebrecht. If Kuczynski is ousted by Congress, he would lose his presidential immunity from prosecution and First Vice President Martin Vizcarra would be authorized to replace him for the rest of his term ending in 2021. Two former presidents in Peru, Ollanta Humala and Alejandro Toledo, have been ensnared in the Odebrecht probe over alleged payments they deny. Humala was jailed in July pending trial and authorities hope to extradite Toledo from the United States.    ",1
12106,Austrian conservatives bring far right into government,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria is set to become the only western European country with a far-right party in government after the anti-immigration Freedom Party and Sebastian Kurz s conservatives struck a coalition deal to share power almost equally. In an early policy pronouncement, Kurz, the future chancellor, said the new government would not hold a referendum on European Union membership. Kurz, who is just 31, and Freedom Party (FPO) leader Heinz-Christian Strache announced their deal on Friday night, handing the far right a share of power for the third time in the Alpine republic, after more than a decade in opposition.  The FPO will take control of much of Austria s security apparatus, in charge of the foreign, interior and defense ministries. The People s Party (OVP) led by Kurz will control the powerful finance ministry as well the justice and agriculture portfolios.  No one need be afraid,  Austrian news agency APA quoted the incoming interior minister and chairman of the FPO, Herbert Kickl, as saying. Kickl began his career as a speechwriter for the late Joerg Haider, who praised Adolf Hitler s employment policies and led the party to its first mainstream electoral success. Kurz will head the government as chancellor and the OVP will have eight ministries including his office. The FPO will have six, including Strache s office as vice chancellor. Kurz has repeatedly said his government will be pro-European despite including the FPO, which was founded by former Nazis and campaigned against Austria joining the bloc when it was put to a referendum in 1994.   The coalition plans to make referendums more widely available. Unlike France s National Front, the FPO has backed away from calling for a referendum on leaving the European Union but Kurz obtained a guarantee that a Brexit-style vote will not be held.      There will be no votes on our membership of international organizations, including the European Union,  Kurz told a joint news conference with Strache. Kurz s office will also take over some European departments from the FPO-run foreign ministry to give him greater control over EU matters. The 180-page coalition agreement listed plans such as sinking taxes and cutting public spending through streamlined administration though it often did not say how such goals would be achieved. Austria s parliamentary election two months ago was dominated by Europe s migration crisis, in which the affluent country took in a large number of asylum seekers.  Kurz s party won with a hard line on immigration that often overlapped with the FPO s, pledging to cut benefits for refugees and never to allow a repeat of 2015 s wave of arrivals. The FPO came third in the election with 26 percent of the vote. Kurz and Strache held their news conference outlining the agreement on the Kahlenberg, a hill on the outskirts of the capital famed as the site of the 1683 Battle of Vienna, which ended a siege of the city by Ottoman Turks. While there was no specific mention of repelling that Muslim invasion, the symbolism is clear for two parties that have warned Muslim  parallel societies  are emerging in Austria. Kurz, however, told reporters:  I did not take the decision on where the press conference should be held.... I would not read too much symbolism into it.  Strache and Kurz oppose Turkish membership of the EU, a position that polls regularly show most Austrians support.  We both recognize about 75 percent of ourselves in the program,  said Strache, who accused Kurz during the campaign of stealing his party s ideas.  That might have something to do with the fact that one or the other maybe took on the other s policy points before the election.   Anti-establishment parties have been winning over more voters in Europe, capitalizing on dissatisfaction with mainstream politicians  handling of the economy, security and immigration.  While other far-right parties have gained ground this year, entering parliament in Germany and making France s presidential run-off, the FPO is going further by entering government and securing key ministries.  It is excellent news for Europe,  Marine Le Pen said of the coalition deal at a Prague meeting of her National Front party s European grouping, which includes the FPO.  These successes show that the nation states are the future, that the Europe of tomorrow is a Europe of the people.  Both the OVP and FPO believe the EU should focus on fewer tasks, like securing its external borders, and hand more power back to member states. When the FPO last entered government in 2000 other EU countries imposed sanctions on Vienna in protest. There is unlikely to be a similar outcry this time, given the rise of anti-establishment parties across the continent. ",1
12107,Austria's future government to expand direct democracy,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian conservatives and the anti-immigrant Freedom Party (FPO) have agreed to expand voter participation in legislative matters in their coalition deal to bring the state closer to the citizens, the party chiefs said on Saturday. Austria is set to become the only western European country with a far-right party in government after the FPO under Heinz-Christian Strache and Sebastian Kurz s People s Party (OVP)  struck a coalition deal on Friday. But their plans for more direct democracy ruled out referendums on Austrian membership of the European Union.  Our model does not provide for any referendum ... that contradicts European law or fundamental rights or our constitution,  Kurz said.     It is also clear that there will be no votes on our memberships in international organizations including the European Union.      The introduction of more ways for voters to participate in the legislative process was one of the FPO s main conditions and also one of the most difficult issues in the coalition negotiations.     In Austria around 8,000 signatures are needed currently to initiate a popular petition. If the petition then gets more than 100,000 signatures it must discussed in parliament. Such petitions are not legally binding and often do not result in legislation but they can fuel the public debate.  In future, if a petition has the support of 900,000 voters and parliament does not support the issue, it can be turned into a legally binding referendum, Kurz said at a news conference in Vienna, where he and Strache presented the coalition program. Austrians will have to vote on this proposal as it will require a comprehensive change to the constitution, for which a vote is already mandatory, Kurz said. There were only two binding referendums in post-1945 Austria: The nuclear power referendum in 1978 and the European Union membership referendum in 1994.   History will be written (with this initiative),  said Strache.  In Europe, the Swiss vote the most, whereas Germany has not as yet held a nationwide referendum. Ireland and Italy are the European Union countries with the most referendums.  ",1
12108,Factbox: Key policies of Austria's conservative/far-right coalition,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The leader of Austria s main conservative party, Sebastian Kurz, has reached a deal to form a governing coalition with Heinz-Christian Strache s far-right Freedom Party (FPO). Below are some of the policies that Kurz s People s Party (OVP) and the FPO have already agreed on. For the entire program in German please click [here] ** Oppose deeper political integration among EU members states, seek to have more powers returned to national governments. Oppose Turkey s bid to join the EU. ** Rule out a referendum on Austrian membership of the EU. ** Move some departments that deal with European affairs, including the task force preparing Austria s EU presidency in the second half of 2018, to the chancellery headed by Kurz. (The FPO will take control of the Foreign Ministry). ** Push for more relaxed relationship between West and Russia. ** Introduce tougher minimum sentences for violent and sex crimes. ** Make fighting political Islam a priority. ** Secure Austria s borders nationally to stop illegal immigration until the EU has secured external frontiers. ** Put around 2,100 more policemen on the streets. ** Extend the maximum working day to 12 hours from 10. ** Facilitate immigration only for qualified workers in sectors that are struggling to find suitable Austrian employees. ** Simplify administrative framework in highly federalized Austria. ** Support construction of third runway at Vienna Airport. ** Focus on improving test results in basic skills such as reading, writing and numeracy, allow children to start school only if their German is good enough. ** Cut social benefits for parents who fail to comply with certain requirements, like ensuring attendance and that their child speaks German well enough. ** Cut public spending to fund tax cuts. Kurz and Strache repeatedly said during their campaigns that they planned to cut public spending by around 12 billion euros ($14.1 billion). ** Reduce corporate tax burden, for example by exempting profit reinvested in Austria. ** Not introduce wealth or inheritance taxes. ** Introduce public  debt brake  in the constitution. ** Push, also at a European level, for higher taxes on online transactions with foreign companies. ** Block newcomers from accessing many social services in Austria in their first five years in the country. ** Cap the main basic benefit payment at 1,500 euros a month for families and provide refugees with a  light  version of regular benefits. ** Cut benefits for refugees and turn cash payments into benefits in kind so as to minimize what they say is a  pull factor  attracting immigrants to the country. ** Reform the state pension system to reflect Austria s aging population. ** Give families a tax cut worth 1,500 euros per child per year. ** Merge Austria s 22 public health and other social security funds into five entities to cut administrative costs. ** Produce 100 percent of Austria s power from renewable sources by 2030, compared with roughly 33 percent at present, and keep the national ban on nuclear power plants.  ** Gradual introduction of legislation to allow a referendum to take place if at least 900,000 voters support the issue. ** Rule out referendums on Austrian membership of the EU; support the European-Canadian trade deal CETA. ** Overturn a ban on smoking in bars and restaurants that is due to come into effect in May 2018. ",1
12109,Factbox: International reaction to arrest of Reuters reporters in Myanmar,"(Reuters) - Several countries, the United Nations and journalist groups are demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar. The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after being invited to meet police officials on the outskirts of Yangon. They had worked on stories about a military crackdown in Rakhine state, scene of more than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh since late August. Myanmar s Ministry of Information has said the reporters  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media,  and released a photo of them in handcuffs. It said the reporters and two policemen faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years, though officials said they have not been charged. Their exact whereabouts is not known. Reuters  driver Myothant Tun dropped them off at a police compound and the two reporters and two police officers headed to a nearby restaurant. The journalists did not return to the car.  Reuters President and Editor-in-Chief Stephen J. Adler said  the arrests were a  blatant attack on press freedom  and called for the immediate release of the journalists.  Here are reactions to their detention from politicians and press freedom advocates around the world:   - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the United States was  demanding their immediate release or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance.   - British Minister for Asia and the Pacific Mark Field said,   I absolutely strongly disapprove of the idea of journalists, going about their everyday business, being arrested. We will make it clear in the strongest possible terms that we feel that they need to be released at the earliest possible opportunity.  - Swedish Foreign Minister Margot called the arrests a  threat to a democratic and peaceful development of Myanmar and that region.  She said,  We do not accept that journalists are attacked or simply kidnapped or that they disappear ... To be able to send journalists to this particular area is of crucial importance.   - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said countries should do everything possible to secure the journalists  release and freedom of the press in Myanmar. Guterres said,  It is clearly a concern in relation to the erosion of press freedom in the country.  He added:  And probably the reason why these journalists were arrested is because they were reporting on what they have seen in relation to this massive human tragedy.   - Canada s Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland, the former managing director and editor, consumer news, at Thomson Reuters, tweeted that she was  deeply concerned  by the reports about the arrests.  Freedom of the press is essential for democracy and must be preserved,  she said. - President of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani called on Myanmar to protect media freedoms and release the two reporters. - Iqbal Sobhan Chowdhury, information adviser to Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, said,  We strongly denounce arrests of Reuters journalists and feel that those reporters be free immediately so that they can depict the truth to the world by their reporting.   - Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s spokesman Motosada Matano said his government was closely watching the situation, and that Japan has been conducting a dialogue with the Myanmar government on human rights in Myanmar in general. - The Committee to Protect Journalists said,  We call on local authorities to immediately, unconditionally release Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo. These arrests come amid a widening crackdown which is having a grave impact on the ability of journalists to cover a story of vital global importance.  - The Paris-based Reporters Without Borders said there was no justification for the arrests. Daniel Bastard, the head of the group s Asia-Pacific desk, said the charges being considered were  completely spurious . - The Southeast Asian Press Alliance asked for the immediate release of the journalists.  These two journalists are only doing their jobs in trying to fill the void of information on the Rohingya conflict,  said SEAPA executive director Edgardo Legaspi.  With this arrest, the government seems to be sending the message that all military reports should be off limits to journalists.  - The Protection Committee for Myanmar Journalists, a group of local reporters who have demonstrated against past prosecutions of journalists, decried the  unfair arrests that affect media freedom .  A reporter must have the right to get information and write news ethically,  said video journalist A Hla Lay Thu Zar - a member of the group s executive committee. - The Foreign Correspondents  Club of Myanmar said it was  appalled  by the arrests and  gravely concerned  about the state of press freedom in Myanmar. It called on authorities to ensure the reporters  safety and allow their families to see them. - The Foreign Correspondents  Club in neighboring Thailand said it was  alarmed by the use of this draconian law with its heavy penalties against journalists simply doing their jobs.  The club called for the journalists to be released.  Wielding such a blunt legal instrument has an intimidating effect on other journalists, and poses a real threat to media freedom,  it said.  ",1
12110,Palestinian billionaire Masri detained in Saudi Arabia: sources,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Sabih al-Masri, Jordan s most influential businessman and the chairman of its largest lender Arab Bank, was detained in Saudi Arabia for questioning after a business trip to Riyadh, family sources and friends said on Saturday. Masri s detention, which follows the biggest purge of the Saudi kingdom s affluent elite in its modern history, has sent shockwaves through business circles in Jordan and the Palestinian territories, where the billionaire has major investments.  A Saudi citizen of Palestinian origin, Masri was detained last Tuesday hours before he was planning to leave after he chaired meetings of companies he owns, according to the sources.  He is the founder of Saudi Astra Group, which has wide interests in diversified industries ranging from agro-industry to telecommunications, construction and mining across the region.   Masri was heading to the airport and they told him to stay where you are and they picked him up,  said a source familiar with the matter who asked not to be named. He canceled a dinner in Amman on Wednesday that he had invited board members of Arab Bank and business associates to attend on his return.  The Saudi authorities did not respond to requests for comment, while Masri could not be reached for comment.  His confidants had warned him not to travel to the Saudi capital after mass arrests of Saudi royals, ministers and businessmen in early November, the sources said.  He has been answering questions about his business and partners,  said a source familiar with the matter who did not elaborate nor confirm he was held.  A source close to the family later said that  while Masri is currently restricted from leaving Saudi Arabia, no official charges have been filed against him.  Reasons for Masri s detention were not clear but political sources said the Saudis might have used him to put pressure on Jordan s King Abdullah not to attend a Muslim summit last week to discuss U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. The Jordanian monarch attended the Istanbul summit, however. He is a custodian of Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem and has been vocal in criticizing Trump over his decision on Jerusalem. Saudi Arabia, whose relations with the United States have warmed with Trump taking a harder line against its arch-rival Iran than his predecessor, appears to have taken a softer line on the decision on Jerusalem, according to analysts. Riyadh sent a junior minister to the Istanbul meeting.  Masri, who comes from a prominent merchant family from Nablus in the Israeli-occupied West Bank, amassed a fortune from partnering with influential Saudis in a major catering business to supply troops during the U.S.-led military operation to retake Kuwait from Iraq in the 1991 Gulf War. Reports of his detention surfaced on Thursday in the local media in Jordan where Masri s multi-billion dollar investments in hotels and banking are a cornerstone of the economy. He was elected chairman of Arab Bank in 2012 after the resignation of Abdel Hamid Shoman whose family had founded the bank in Jerusalem in 1930. The bank, which has earned a reputation of resilience in the face of political upheaval, played a prominent role in supporting former Palestinian leader, the late Yasser Arafat during past Middle East turmoil.  Arab Bank, which operates in 30 countries and five continents, has an extensive network in Palestinian territories where it is the largest bank. It also owns 40 percent of Saudi Arabia s Arab National Bank ANB. Masri led consortium of Arab and Jordanian investors who bought a 20 percent stake in Arab Bank Group from Lebanon s Hariri family business empire for $1.12 billion last February. He was also instrumental in agreeing in 2015 to settle litigation brought by hundreds of Americans who accused Arab Bank of providing financial services in the West Bank that facilitated militant attacks in Israel. They had sued Arab Bank under the U.S Anti-Terrorism Act, which permits U.S. citizens to pursue claims arising from international terrorism. Masri is also the leading investor in the Palestinian territories with a large stake in Paltel, a public shareholding company, which is the largest private sector firm in the West Bank.  Masri s family ranks among the wealthiest in the Palestinian territories, with majority holdings in real estate, hotels and telecommunications firms set up after a self-rule agreement with Israel in 1993.  ",1
12111,Austrian coalition government to be sworn in on Monday - presidency,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Austria s new coalition government of conservatives and the far-right Freedom Party will be sworn in on Monday at 11 a.m. (1000 GMT), President Alexander Van der Bellen s office said on Saturday. ",1
12112,Elysee plays down opulence of Macron birthday at Loire chateau,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron celebrates his 40th birthday this weekend in the grounds of a former royal palace, in what some opponents called another tactless show of wealth. Rivals have branded former investment banker Macron  president of the rich  for policies such as the scrapping of a wealth tax and cutting housing benefit, moves the president framed as reforms to boost investment and social mobility. Macron is staying with his wife Brigitte in a guest house close to the Chateau de Chambord, a former royal palace on the Loire that dates back to the 16th century. His office denied media reports that the celebrations would take place inside the chateau and said the trip was being paid for by the couple. Left-wing leader Jean-Luc Melenchon, who ran against Macron in the presidential election this year, called the chateau stay  ridiculous  for its royal symbolism. Nicolas Dupont-Aignan, a right-wing politician who also ran for the presidency, said:  Times change but the oligarchy remains detached from the people.   Macron s weekend retreat came as several of his ministers were shown to be millionaires. Figures released on Friday by a body charged with ensuring financial transparency in politics showed Labour Minister Muriel Penicaud had the largest personal fortune, around 7.5 million euros ($8.8 million). Penicaud, at the forefront of Macron s push to shake up the economy, has been criticized for a gain made on stock options when she was an executive at food giant Danone. Environment Minister Nicolas Hulot declared personal wealth of over 7 million euros and revealed he owned six cars. The former TV presenter and campaigner has called for France to stop selling petrol and diesel cars by 2040. Career politicians in the government had smaller fortunes, with Prime Minister Edouard Philippe s declaration showing 1.7 million euros and Public Finances Minister Gerard Darmanin just 48,000 euros. ",1
12113,Libyan coast guard rescues more than 250 migrants trying to reach Italy,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya s coastal guard has rescued more than 250 illegal migrants trying to leave the North African country in small boats bound for Italy, officials said on Saturday. Libya s western shores are the main departure point for migrants mainly from sub-Saharan countries fleeing poverty and conflict trying to reach Europe. Arrivals to Italy have fallen by two-thirds since July from the same period last year after officials working for the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli, Italy s partner, managed to cut back human smuggling in the city of Sabratha west of the capital. That has pushed the trade further east, with the coast guard intercepting several boats off the coast near Qaraboulli and Zliten, two towns located east of Tripoli.  The naval forces  Ibn Ouf vessel rescued (on Friday) illegal migrants including women, children and men ... they are from different sub-Saharan and Arab countries,  Coast Guard Captain Abdulhadi Fakhal told Reuters.  They were rescued off Qaraboulli and Zliten towns ... and they are about 250 to 270 persons,  Fakhal said. Libya has plunged into chaos since the 2011 overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi in a NATO-backed uprising. A U.N.-backed Government of National Accord in Tripoli has been trying to gain control of territory. ",1
12114,Austrian far-right leader says has ruled out Brexit-style vote,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The Austrian far-right Freedom Party (FPO) has agreed to rule out a referendum on Austria leaving the European Union as part of a coalition deal with conservatives led by Sebastian Kurz, FPO leader Heinz-Christian Strache said on Saturday. At a joint news conference with Kurz on details of their coalition deal, Strache said the two had agreed to expand direct democracy progressively. Kurz also said Austria s stance on Russian sanctions would not change with the pro-Moscow FPO joining the government.  ",1
12115,Zuma says South Africa's free higher education to be done in a fiscally sustainable manner,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s government plan to offer free higher education for students from poor and working class households will be implemented in a  fiscally sustainable manner , President Jacob Zuma said on Saturday. Following a recommendation by a commission on higher education funding, Zuma said the government will increase subsidies to universities to 1 percent of gross domestic product over the next five years from nearly 0.7 percent at present.  ",1
12116,Argentina fires head of navy over submarine tragedy,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina fired the head of its navy a month after a submarine disappeared in the South Atlantic with 44 crew members onboard, a government spokesman said on Saturday. Letting go of Navy Admiral Marcelo Eduardo Hip lito Srur was the first known disciplinary action taken by President Mauricio Macri s administration since contact was lost with the ARA San Juan on Nov. 15.  It was decided to remove him,  a government spokesman said. Families of the crew members criticized Macri s government for not clearly communicating with them and for abandoning rescue efforts. The navy said on Nov. 27 that water that entered the submarine s snorkel caused its battery to short-circuit before it went missing. The navy had previously said international organizations detected a noise that could have been the submarine s implosion the same day contact was lost. Hope of rescuing survivors was abandoned on Nov. 30. The navy said it searched for double the amount of time the submarine would have had oxygen. An international search for the submarine is still underway. ",1
12117,Egyptian presidential hopeful apologizes to arrested supporters,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian presidential hopeful Ahmed Shafik apologized on Saturday to supporters who were arrested this week and called on authorities to resolve the situation. Police arrested three members of Shafik s Egyptian National Movement on Wednesday and charged them with spreading false information harmful to national security, two security sources told Reuters. Shafik, a former prime minister and ex-air force commander who is seen as the most serious potential challenger to President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in an election due early next year, apologized for the trouble caused to the detainees and their families.  I call on the relevant authorities to clarify the situation quickly, for it is dangerous,  Shafik said on his Twitter account.   President Sisi, a former military chief, is seen by many Egyptians as the only person able to provide stability after years of turmoil that followed the 2011 uprising that ousted veteran leader Hosni Mubarak. Shafik recently returned from exile in the United Arab Emirates to where he fled in 2012 after a narrow electoral defeat to Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood. Mursi was removed from office in a military takeover led by Sisi in 2013. Two weeks ago, Shafik said he was still deciding whether or not to run for the presidency in 2018. ",1
12118,Austria's conservative-far right government says will be reliable EU partner,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s newly formed conservative far-right coalition government said on Saturday it would be a reliable partner in a European Union it seeks to reform to return more power to national governments.  We will contribute as an active and reliable partner to the further development of the EU, in the sense that the principle of subsidiarity should be the focus,  the parties said in their government program. The program by the People s Party (OVP) and the anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO), which has a partnership agreement with Russian President Vladimir Putin s party, also listed relaxing relations between Russia and the West as one of their aims. ",1
12119,South Africa's Zuma says influence-peddling in his government to be investigated,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma said on Saturday allegations of private businesses wielding undue influence in his government will be investigated by a judicial commission of inquiry. The country s High Court ruled on Wednesday that Zuma must set up a judicial inquiry into state influence-peddling within 30 days, upholding the findings of a graft watchdog report entitled  State of Capture . The report focused on allegations that Zuma s friends, the businessmen and brothers Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta, had influenced the appointment of ministers. Zuma and the Guptas have denied all accusations of wrongdoing. Zuma was speaking on Saturday at the start of a weekend conference of his African National Congress that will vote on a new party leader. ",1
12120,Factbox: Key figures in Austria's new coalition government,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s center-right People s Party (OVP) led by Sebastian Kurz and the anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO) have agreed to form a coalition government. The deal marks a major victory for a European far-right party after a flurry of elections this year, in which right-wing parties have made gains but failed to enter coalitions elsewhere in Western Europe. Here are the main figures in the new government:  Kurz became a conservative junior minister at 23, Europe s youngest foreign minister at 27 and leader of the People s Party at 30, moving it further to the right of the political spectrum. He has yet to complete his law degree while he pursues politics. An early critic of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s open-border policy as Europe s migration crisis escalated in 2015, he infuriated Berlin when he spearheaded the closure of the Balkan route into Europe.  Known for his slicked-back hair, he speaks eloquently but often eschews discussing policy details in public. He won October s parliamentary elections promising to break with Austria s decades-old political consensus which shares  power among conservatives, Social Democrats, labor and employer associations. HEINZ-CHRISTIAN STRACHE (FPO), VICE-CHANCELLOR The 48-year-old former dental technician is the longest-serving party chief in Austria and enters government for the first time.  During the campaign he accused Kurz of stealing the FPO s ideas, but Strache toned down his rhetoric during coalition negotiations stressing joint political targets. Strache is keen on ridding his party of its neo-Nazi image, portraying it as a mainstream defender of the middle class. He has called for  zero immigration  and wants to ban political Islam.    The multilingual Middle East and international law expert got her new job on an FPO ticket. She has never been a member of the FPO, which has expressed sympathy for Israel s desire to host embassies in Jerusalem and has close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin s party. Kneissl, 52, has criticized Merkel s open-door policy toward refugees and has called the European Union s migrant deal with Turkey  nonsense  in newspaper comments. Kneissl, who owns a farm in Lower Austria province, worked in the foreign ministry under a conservative minister in the 1990s. The Freedom Party s general secretary is seen as its mastermind and powerbroker who wields influence in all party matters.  The 49-year-old future police supremo, who started his career as speechwriter for charismatic late FPO chief Joerg Haider, is known for his sharp tongue. The political hardliner has been a member of parliament for more than a decade.  The hardliner inherits a legal dispute with Europe s largest aerospace company Airbus over a 2003 fighter jet purchase and will soon have to decide how to modernize the neutral country s aerial defenses.     Kunasek, 41, called for a night-time curfew for asylum seekers in 2016 and curbing asylum seekers  access to health services in 2015, according to human rights group SOS Mitmensch.     Last year, he published an article in Die Aula, a magazine linked to Austria s right-wing extremist scene, according to the Documentation Centre of Austrian Resistance that researches the far right. Loeger has no university degree, but over 30 years of experience in the insurance sector, where he has been the chief executive of Uniqa s Austrian unit since 2013.    The 52-year-old manager, a surprise ministerial appointee who has not held public office before, enjoys sports and art. A close ally of Kurz s, whom he knows from their time in the conservatives  youth wing, 36-year-old Bluemel studied philosophy in Austria and France, focusing on  Christian social teachings .  After various posts in the party he became chief of the conservatives in Vienna, a traditional Social Democratic stronghold, in 2015. He is in charge of the party s media portfolio. ",1
12121,Nazareth Christmas celebrations will be held as normal: mayor,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Nazareth, the Israeli Arab city where Jesus is thought to have been raised, will celebrate Christmas as usual, its mayor said, denying the festivities would be curtailed in protest at the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. On Wednesday, a city spokesman said there would be some cuts to the celebrations to protest against President Donald Trump s decision on Jerusalem that angered Palestinians as well as U.S. allies in the Middle East and the rest of the world. Mayor Ali Salam told Reuters on Saturday that three singers who had been due to perform would not appear. He gave no reason for their absence, but said that the celebrations would proceed as normal.  I don t know why people thought that there would be cuts to the celebrations. Everything, except for three singers who will not be coming, will be held as normal. We have already welcomed 60,000 people to the city today,  Salam said. Nazareth, the largest Arab town in Israel with a population of 76,000 Muslims and Christians, is one of the Holy Land s focal points of Christmas festivities which begin officially on Saturday evening. Nazareth s imposing Basilica of the Annunciation is built on a site that many Christian faithful believe was the childhood home of Jesus  mother, Mary. ",1
12122,Yemeni army pushes Houthis from outpost in southern Yemen," ((Refiles December 15 story to clarify areas of control in Shabwa, Marib in paragraph 3)) ADEN (Reuters) - The Yemeni army and allied fighters on Friday drove Houthi militants from a town that was one of the last positions they held in the country s south, military sources and local officials said. The forces advanced into Bayhan, about 300 km (190 miles) southeast of the Houthi-held capital Sanaa, killing dozens of the militants in clashes, the sources said. Bayhan is important in Yemen s war because it is located on a major road linking Shabwa province with Marib province, part of which is held by the Houthis, to the north. The army s advance means that the Houthis have been expelled from most of Shabwa, sources said. Yemen s more than two-year-old war pits the Iran-allied Houthis, who control Sanaa, against a Saudi-led military alliance that backs the government now based in the southern port of Aden. The conflict has killed more than 10,000 people and triggered a humanitarian crisis. The government-run Sabanew agency said the remaining Houthis had fled after battles for strategic positions in the Bayhan area which had left hundreds of them dead and wounded. The agency said the army also seized other positions in the area, where the movement of heavy artillery had been difficult because of sand dunes. This month the Saudi-led coalition, which is backed by U.S. and British weapons and intelligence, intensified air strikes after the Houthis killed former president Ali Abdullah Saleh when he switched sides in the civil war. There has been relatively little change in positions on the ground around the capital.  ",1
12123,Thousands of Romanians mourn former king Michael,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Thousands of Romanians lined the streets of Bucharest on Saturday for the funeral of the country s former king Michael, one of the last surviving World War Two European heads of state. Born in 1921, Michael ruled Romania twice, switched its alliance away from Nazi Germany to the Allied side during the war and was subsequently forced into exile by a Communist takeover in 1947. He died in Switzerland on Dec. 5 at the age of 96, having retired from public life due to severe illness in 2016. On Saturday, Bucharest churches rang their bells and mourners, many in tears, threw white flowers at the funeral procession, chanting  King Michael  and  Down with communism . European royalty attended, including Spain s former king, Juan Carlos, Britain s Prince Charles, King Carl Gustaf of Sweden and his wife Queen Silvia. Even though the restoration of the monarchy is not an issue in the European Union state, Michael commanded great respect from Romanians who saw him in sharp opposition to a political class which they link with poverty and corruption.   His death comes at a time of deep divisions in Romanian society. Massive street protests against attempts by the ruling Social Democrats to weaken the fight against corruption and the rule of law have taken place on and off throughout 2017. Earlier this month, the Social Democrats used their solid majority to approve a judicial overhaul in the lower house that threatens to put the justice system under political control. On Monday, lawmakers begin debating changes to the criminal code that critics say will derail law and order. A descendant of the German Hohenzollern dynasty and a cousin of Britain s Queen Elizabeth, Michael was in his early twenties when he participated in a 1944 coup that overthrew fascist leader Marshal Ion Antonescu.  Romania then broke with Nazi Germany and switched to the Allied side. Historians have said his actions might have shortened the war and saved thousands of lives. After communism collapsed, politicians fearing Michael s influence blocked his first few attempted visits after decades of exile in Switzerland, Britain and the United States. He finally returned to Romania in 1992 and regained citizenship in 1997. With his passing, the Romanian royal family s relevance will likely fade, since his children have little public standing. Princess Margareta, his eldest daughter, remains custodian of the crown. ",1
12124,"Austrian far right to control foreign, interior ministries - spokesman","VIENNA (Reuters) - A coalition deal between Austria s conservatives and far right will give the anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO) control of the foreign, interior and defence ministries, among others, a conservative spokesman said. FPO Chairman Herbert Kickl will become interior minister while Mario Kunasek will run the defence ministry and international law expert Karin Kneissl, though not an FPO member, will become foreign minister on an FPO ticket, the spokesman said on Saturday. The People s Party of Sebastian Kurz, expected to become the next Austrian chancellor, will run ministries including finance, justice and agriculture, the spokesman added. Kurz confirmed earlier on Saturday that insurance executive Hartwig Loeger would become finance minister. ",1
12125,Austrian insurance executive to be next finance minister: Kurz,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Insurance executive Hartwig Loeger will be Austria s next finance minister, conservative leader Sebastian Kurz said on Saturday, as he presented his party s ministers. Loeger, 52, heads the Austrian unit of insurance company Uniqa. ",1
12126,'Fierce and formidable' Dlamini-Zuma eyes South Africa's presidency,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma is a fierce campaigner against racial inequality whose hostility to big business has rattled investors in South Africa. She is also one of two front runners to be the country s next president. The 68-year-old is vying to succeed her ex-husband, President Jacob Zuma, as leader of the ruling African National Congress at a party vote this weekend, an outcome that would make her favorite for the presidency after a parliamentary election due in 2019. A medical doctor and former chair of the Commission of the African Union, a pan-continental grouping, Dlamini-Zuma has pledged during her campaign to  radically  tackle the racial inequality that persists in South Africa 23 years after the end of white minority rule. Backers of her main rival, Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, say she is peddling populist rhetoric and would rule in the mould of her former husband, whose decade in power has been plagued by corruption scandals. Dlamini-Zuma declined to be interviewed for this story. The choice between Dlamini-Zuma and Ramaphosa will influence South Africa s economic policy trajectory, as well the country s role in Africa and beyond. Graphic: ANC election in South Africa - here Graphic: South African economy - here Investors are worried by Dlamini-Zuma s hostility toward international companies, which she says form part of a  white monopoly capital  cabal dominating South Africa s wealth.  A Dlamini-Zuma victory would signal a sharp rhetorical shift toward more leftist economic policy,  said John Ashbourne, an Africa-focused economist at Capital Economics.  A further credit ratings downgrade would be almost inevitable.  Yet Dlamini-Zuma s supporters point to a commitment to changing the lives of South Africa s black majority. Lynne Jones, a psychiatrist and author who lived with Dlamini-Zuma when they were students together in the English city of Bristol in the 1970s, says her determination to fight injustice is rooted in her own personal story. Jones remembers a day four decades ago when Dlamini-Zuma lay on her bed and wept after being forced to miss her brother s funeral because the apartheid-era security services had hounded her out of South Africa.  She was fiercely intelligent and determined,  said Jones.  Here was someone who had put their whole life on the line and given up home and family for what they believed. It was eye-opening.  The race between Ramaphosa, a unionist-turned-millionaire businessman, and Dlamini-Zuma is too close to call, political analysts say. Her campaign team told Reuters in written comments it was confident she would be elected ANC leader. Ramaphosa, who is popular among swathes of the ANC disillusioned with Zuma, is promising to end corruption, boost a flatlining economy and deliver jobs to the poor in a country where more than a quarter of the population is unemployed. Dlamini-Zuma, by contrast, is an African nationalist and has the support of the influential ANC youth and women s leagues, which both tend to support socialist policies. Known for her fierce temper and hostility toward the West, she was described in one 2001 U.S. diplomatic cable on WikiLeaks as a  truculent and petulant foreign minister . Another cable to Washington suggested she could be charming.  Belying her reputation as fierce and formidable, the Minister was soft spoken and smiling in this meeting - articulate but gentle, candid but warm,  Donald Gips, then U.S. ambassador to South Africa, wrote in 2010.     The most common criticism of Dlamini-Zuma is that she is beholden to Zuma and his powerful patronage network. Zuma has publicly endorsed her.  She is bold and you can t fool her. She is someone you can trust,  Zuma told a rally recently.     The couple met in Swaziland in the 1980s, when they were both in the ANC underground. They were married for more than a decade and have four children together. In a rare interview last month, Dlamini-Zuma challenged her opponents to find any evidence of corruption in her long political career.  I don t loot government coffers. I ve never done so, and I will not do so,  she told ANN7 television. But for some senior figures in the ANC, she has not done enough to distance herself from the corruption scandals that have dogged President Zuma.  She has not said anything on  state capture ,  ANC chief whip Jackson Mthembu told Reuters, using a South African term to describe private interests unduly controlling government funds. Dlamini-Zuma says accusations that she is piggy-backing off Zuma are  insulting  given her career, first as a doctor to ANC leaders fighting apartheid and then as a cabinet minister under every South African president since 1994. As health minister in Nelson Mandela s cabinet, she laid the foundations for free public healthcare for the poor, took a hard line on smoking and made medicines more accessible. As foreign minister she fostered friendships with African countries and emerging economies like China, even when this angered the West. But she also made errors of judgment. In 1996, Dlamini-Zuma awarded a contract for more than $3 million to a friend for a play, Sarafina II, to raise awareness about AIDS and was later found to have ignored tender rules.  Political analyst Ralph Mathekga said that paled in comparison to recent government malpractice. He said:  14 million rand in the Sarafina scandal now seems like peanuts when compared with the looting under Zuma.  ",1
12127,Factbox: Key players in South Africa's ANC leadership race,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress elects a new party leader to succeed President Jacob Zuma at a conference starting on Saturday. The winner will be favorite to become president of the country after a 2019 national election. Below are the main ANC leadership hopefuls. Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma and Cyril Ramaphosa are the two front runners. NKOSAZANA DLAMINI-ZUMA The former minister and chairwoman of the African Union Commission has served in the cabinets of every South African president in the post-apartheid era. Dlamini-Zuma was married to President Zuma for over a decade and has four children with him. She is backed by the ANC s influential women s and youth leagues, as well as by Zuma and provincial party leaders close to him. For a profile of Dlamini-Zuma, see. The deputy president and former trade union leader is one of South Africa s richest people. Ramaphosa played an important role in the negotiations to end apartheid and in the drafting of South Africa s progressive 1996 constitution. He is supported by a diverse group of labour unions, communists and ANC members disillusioned with Zuma. For a profile of Ramaphosa, see. The ANC s treasurer general is one of the ruling party s  top six  senior leaders. A medical doctor by training, Mkhize also served as a party boss in the KwaZulu-Natal province, from where Zuma and Dlamini-Zuma hail. Some analysts see Mkhize as a compromise candidate for ANC leader who could reconcile the opposing factions supporting Dlamini-Zuma and Ramaphosa.  For a Reuters interview with Mkhize, see:. The human settlements minister is the daughter of anti-apartheid activist Walter Sisulu, a close friend of Nelson Mandela. Sisulu says Ramaphosa approached her to be his running mate but she turned down the offer. The minister in the presidency has also held senior cabinet positions including public enterprises minister. He served in underground structures of the ANC during white minority rule and was imprisoned on Robben Island, where the apartheid government kept political prisoners. The former premier of the Mpumalanga province has also worked as the ANC s treasurer general. Phosa has demanded that nominations for ANC leader in Mpumalanga be re-run, as he says he has proof that party members were told how to vote. Mpumalanga s current premier is a Zuma loyalist, David Mabuza, who is viewed by some as a kingmaker in the ANC race. The speaker of South Africa s lower house of parliament also briefly served as deputy president. She has said she has held talks with other leadership hopefuls to discuss the possibility of working together. ",1
12128,South Africa's nearly man Ramaphosa may lead country at last,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The nearly man of South African politics, Cyril Ramaphosa, is at last in with a chance of becoming president after being overlooked for years. Ramaphosa s political abilities have been apparent for decades. Whenever Nelson Mandela needed a breakthrough in talks to end apartheid, he would turn to the then trade union leader with a reputation as a tenacious negotiator. Using skills honed in pay disputes with mining bosses, Ramaphosa steered those talks to a successful conclusion, allowing Mandela to sweep to power in 1994 as head of the African National Congress. Mandela wanted Ramaphosa to be his heir but was pressured into picking Thabo Mbeki by a group of ANC leaders who had fought apartheid from exile. It has taken more than two decades for Ramaphosa, now deputy president, to get another chance to run the country. Graphic: ANC election in South Africa - here Graphic: South African economy - here The 65-year-old is one of the two favorites to become ANC leader at a party vote this weekend. Whoever wins the ANC race will probably be the country s next president because of the ruling party s electoral dominance.  Ramaphosa s ambition for the presidency has been clear through his whole adult life. He was quite clearly wounded by his marginalization in the Mbeki period,  said Anthony Butler, a politics professor who has written a biography of Ramaphosa. The choice between Ramaphosa and his main rival for the ANC s top job, former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, will help determine the pace of reform in South Africa and affect how the country gets on with foreign powers. A trained lawyer with an easygoing manner, Ramaphosa has vowed to fight corruption and revitalize an economy which has slowed to a near-standstill under President Jacob Zuma. That message has gone down well with foreign investors and ANC members who think Zuma s handling of the economy could cost the party dearly in 2019 parliamentary elections. Dlamini-Zuma has promised a radical brand of wealth redistribution which is popular with poorer ANC voters who are angry at racial inequality.  While Ramaphosa, who declined to be interviewed for this story, has backed  radical economic transformation , an ANC plan to tackle inequality, he tends to couch his policy pronouncements in more cautious terms. Analysts say the race between Ramaphosa and Dlamini-Zuma, who was previously married to President Zuma, is too close to call. Unlike Zuma or Dlamini-Zuma, Ramaphosa was not driven into exile for opposing apartheid, which some of the party s more hardline members hold against him. He fought the injustices of white minority rule from within South Africa, most prominently by defending the rights of black miners as leader of the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM). A member of the relatively small Venda ethnic group, Ramaphosa was able to overcome divisions that sometimes constrained members of the larger Zulu and Xhosa groups. A massive miners  strike led by Ramaphosa s NUM in 1987 taught business that  Cyril was a force to be reckoned with,  said Michael Spicer, a former executive at Anglo American.  He has a shrewd understanding of men and power and knows how to get what he wants from a situation,  Spicer said. The importance of Ramaphosa s contribution to the talks to end apartheid is such that commentators have referred to them in two distinct stages: BC and AC, Before Cyril and After Cyril.  Ramaphosa also played an important role in the drafting of South Africa s post-apartheid constitution.  After missing out on becoming Mandela s deputy, Ramaphosa withdrew from active political life, switching focus to business. His investment vehicle Shanduka - Venda for  change  - grew rapidly and acquired stakes in mining firms, mobile operator MTN and McDonald s South African franchise. Phuti Mahanyele, a former chief executive at Shanduka, recalled that Ramaphosa was a passionate leader who required staff to contribute to charitable projects aimed at improving access to education for the underprivileged. By the time Ramaphosa sold out of Shanduka in 2014, the firm was worth more than 8 billion rand ($584 million in today s money), making Ramaphosa one of South Africa s 20 richest people. To his supporters, Ramaphosa s business success makes him well-suited to the task of turning around an economy grappling with 28 percent unemployment and credit rating downgrades. In the Johannesburg township of Soweto last month, Ramaphosa called for a  new deal  between business and government to spur economic growth. Pravin Gordhan, a respected former finance minister, told Reuters that if Ramaphosa was elected ANC leader,  the whole narrative about South Africa s economy would change for the better within three months . Signs that Ramaphosa has done well in the nominations by ANC branches that precede the leadership vote have driven a rally in the rand in recent weeks. But Ramaphosa has his detractors too. He was a non-executive director at Lonmin when negotiations to halt a violent wildcat strike at its Marikana platinum mine in 2012 ended in police shooting 34 strikers dead.    An inquiry subsequently absolved Ramaphosa of guilt. But some families of the victims still blame him for urging the authorities to intervene.   My conscience is that I participated in trying to stop further deaths from happening,  Ramaphosa said recently about the Marikana deaths.    Others are unconvinced that Ramaphosa, who has been deputy president since 2014, will be as tough on corruption as his campaign rhetoric suggests. Bantu Holomisa, an opposition politician and former ANC member who worked closely with Ramaphosa in the 1990s, said he was by nature cautious.  Cyril has been part of the machinery and has not acted on corruption so far,  Holomisa said.  It is not clear whether he will if he gets elected.  ",1
12129,Russian and French foreign ministers discussed situation in Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and his French counterpart Jean-Yves Le Drian discussed the situation in Syria and other issues during a phone conversation on Dec. 14, the Russian ministry said in a statement on Saturday. ",1
12130,Australian PM future safeguarded in crucial Sydney by-election,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s conservative coalition government regained its razor-thin parliamentary majority on Saturday after inner Sydney voters re-elected a former professional tennis player in a special poll triggered by a constitutional crisis. The Liberal Party victory in the blue-ribbon Sydney seat of Bennelong is a much-needed relief for Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, whose leadership has been increasingly unpopular with the public over the past two years. A loss in Bennelong would have plunged his government into a parliamentary minority, forcing it to rely on independent lawmakers to complete its agenda. A loss would also have placed Turnbull s personal position in danger. With around 73 percent of the two-party preferred vote counted by late Saturday, the opposition Labor Party candidate Kristina Keneally has secured a swing of about 5.6 percent against the Liberal Party s John Alexander, according to the Australian Electoral Commission. While a sizeable swing, that was well short of the 10 percent plus needed to install Keneally, a high-profile former premier of New South Wales, Australia s most populous state, in federal politics, and the Labor Party conceded defeat. The battle for Bennelong was bitterly fought. Turnbull  campaigned personally for Alexander in the electorate both in the run-up to the vote and on the day of the poll.  Thank you Bennelong, the people of Bennelong have put their faith in this man,  Turnbull told cheering supporters as he raised Alexander s arm in a victory celebration.  Liberals have come from across the state, across the nation.  But Keneally, who ran a robust campaign urging voters to use the by-election to punish the federal government, warned Turnbull that he should be concerned about the swing to Labor.  The verdict is in, the message is clear, we have had enough of your lousy leadership,  she said in her concession speech.   Malcolm Turnbull injected himself in this campaign, he owns this result.  Turnbull s coalition has been forced to govern in minority since October, when a citizenship crisis cost him several cabinet members and wiped out his flimsy majority. Among those forced out was Turnbull s deputy, Barnaby Joyce, who has since won back his seat. Turnbull, who has lagged in opinion polls all year, and his minority government were forced to accept a widespread banking inquiry after independent members in parliament flexed their new-found power. The race tightened in recent days amid a diplomatic spat between Australia and China, sparked when Turnbull accused Beijing of improper interference in Canberra. One in five Bennelong voters has Chinese heritage, raising fears of a backlash. Alexander was forced to re-contest his seat after becoming one of 10 lawmakers, alongside Joyce, to leave parliament in recent months as they were swept up in the citizenship crisis. Alexander left parliament because he believed he might hold dual British citizenship, which he has since rescinded. Australia s constitution bars foreign nationals from sitting in parliament to prevent split allegiances. ",1
12131,U.S. says did everything possible to help Italy cyber investigation,"ROME (Reuters) - The United States has denied suggestions it undermined an investigation into a massive data breach at the Italian cybersecurity firm Hacking Team, saying it did everything it could to help in the case. A Milan magistrate last week recommended shelving an investigation into six people who were suspected of orchestrating the 2015 data theft. A senior judicial source criticized U.S. officials for not handing over a computer belonging to a key suspect, saying it might have contained information vital to the probe.  But in a comment emailed to Reuters, the U.S. Department of Justice in Washington denied the United States was to blame for the case floundering.  The United States assisted Italy to the greatest extent possible and the relevant Italian authorities know that,  a U.S. Department of Justice spokesperson wrote. Magistrates opened their investigation in July 2015 after hackers downloaded 400 gigabytes of data from the firm, which makes software that allows law enforcement and intelligence agencies to tap into the phones and computers of suspects. Much of the data later showed up on the WikiLeaks website. The company said at the time it believed former employees had stolen vital code that gave them access to its systems. It also speculated that a foreign government might have been behind the hacking. The Italian probe led magistrates to a suspect living in Nashville, Tennessee. U.S. authorities raided his house and took the man in for questioning, however a senior judicial source in Milan, with direct knowledge of the case, said his computer was never sent to Italy for technical assessment.  We could not carry out the checks on the computer to see if it contained the evidence that we were looking for because the United States did not give it to us. We did not receive an explanation for this decision,  the source said. ",1
12132,Thai tour guide arrested for inappropriate behavior at Buddhist temple,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai authorities have arrested a local tour guide for indecent behavior at a temple after she posted a photograph online that showed her standing on a pagoda, police said on Saturday. The arrest came as photographs of Naranon Narakamin 44  circulated on social media earlier in the week, including one that showed her standing behind a tourist with one of her foot placed on a pagoda at Bangkok s iconic Temple of Dawn. It is unclear when the photograph of Naranon was taken but it has outraged many conservatives who say her behavior was  disrespectful to Buddhism. Tourist Police Deputy commissioner Police Major General Surachet Hakpal told a press conference on Saturday that the tour guide has exhibited  inappropriate behavior at a Buddhist temple,  and set a bad example for Thais and foreign tourists.  Naranon, who has publicly apologized for her action, will be charged with breaching the national archaeological site act and could face up to one month jail term and a fine of up to 10,000 baht ($307.50), the police said. In Thailand, using feet to point at people or objects, particularly sacred objects is considered very rude. Revealing clothing and inappropriate action at places of worship is also considered offensive in the predominantly Buddhist country. Last month two American tourists were arrested and fined for public indecency after posing for a  butt selfie  at a temple in Bangkok. ",1
12133,"Strong quake hits Indonesia's Java, kills three","JAKARTA (Reuters) - A powerful magnitude 6.5 earthquake struck the island of Java in Indonesia just before midnight on Friday, with authorities reporting three deaths and damage to hundreds of buildings. The U.S. Geological Survey said the epicenter of the quake was located at a depth of 92 km (57 miles), about 52 km southwest of Tasikmalaya.  Indonesia s national disaster management agency said the quake activated early tsunami warning systems in the south of Java, prompting thousands to evacuate from some coastal areas, but no tsunami was detected. Tremors were felt in central and west Java.     Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, a spokesman for the disaster agency, said in a press briefing on Saturday three people had been killed, seven injured and hundreds of buildings damaged, including schools, hospitals, and government buildings in West and Central Java. Dozens of patients had to be helped to safety from a hospital in Banyumas and were given shelter in tents, he said. He posted on his Twitter page photos of people scouring collapsed buildings. The quake swayed buildings for several seconds in the capital Jakarta. Some residents of high rise apartment buildings in central Jakarta quickly escaped their apartments, local media reported. Indonesia s meteorology and geophysics agency said a magnitude 5.7 quake early on Saturday also struck south of West Java. It said the quake did not have tsunami potential. Java, Indonesia s most densely populated island, is home to more than half of its 250 million people. ",1
12134,Peru's Congress prepares to oust President Kuczynski,"LIMA (Reuters) - President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski s chances of surviving the political crisis gripping Peru faded on Friday after Congress passed a motion to start  presidential vacancy  procedures with enough votes to unseat him within a week. The opposition-controlled Congress voted 93-17 on Friday to seek his removal from office over graft allegations, which he denies. Eighty-seven votes will be needed to oust him in a session scheduled for Dec. 21, when he will be asked to defend himself. A Brazilian construction company at the center of Latin America s biggest graft scandal disclosed this week payments totaling $4.8 million to companies owned by Kuczynski or a close friend, triggering calls for him to resign. Kuczynski had previously denied any links to the Brazilian company, Odebrecht, and said on Thursday there was nothing improper about the payments. Flanked by his Cabinet, Kuczynski vowed not to resign in a defiant message to the nation. However, Kuczynski was aware his chances of surviving the scandal were slim, said a government source who asked not be identified. By resisting calls to step down, he hopes to clear his name and defend due process as the Odebrecht graft investigation widens, the source said.  This is a national disgrace,  said opposition lawmaker Lourdes Alcorta.  The less harmful option for Peru would be his resignation. He s forcing us to impeach him.  Odebrecht has rocked politics in Latin America since agreeing a year ago to provide details on bribery schemes across the region - landing elites in jail from Colombia to the Dominican Republic and nearly toppling a president in Brazil. Two former presidents in Peru, Ollanta Humala and Alejandro Toledo, have been ensnared in the Odebrecht probe over alleged payments they deny. Humala was jailed pending trial in July and authorities are seeking Toledo s extradition from the United States. Opposition leader Keiko Fujimori, whom Kuczynski unexpectedly defeated in last year s presidential election, is also under investigation and denies wrongdoing. If Kuczynski is forced out, he would be replaced by First Vice President Martin Vizcarra, a former governor of a copper-rich mining region and Peru s current ambassador to Canada. Kuczynski was once lauded by many as a brilliant technocrat who would help uproot widespread corruption in Peru. But his 16 months in office have been marked by clashes with the right-wing opposition party that controls Congress. Kuczynski said late on Thursday he was the owner, but not the manager, of a company paid by Odebrecht while he held senior government posts. He also acknowledged providing financial services for an Odebrecht project as a consultant for a friend s firm when he did not hold public office. The opposition slammed the explanation as too little, too late.  It s really unfortunate that President Kuczynski has put the country in this situation,  said congresswoman Cecilia Chacon. ",1
12135,South Africa's ANC says party officials barred by courts will not vote at conference,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s African National Congress said on Saturday its executive committee had decided that ANC officials barred by courts from attending its leadership conference this weekend would not take part in voting.  We had a special (committee meeting), which was urgent, to deal with the three court cases that were given yesterday. All the structures that were nullified will not be voting delegates at conference,  ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe told reporters.  We don t want to contaminate the conference... They will not vote on any matter.  Courts ruled that senior officials in two provinces seen as backing Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma for party leader had been illegally elected and therefore could not attend, sparking a rally in the rand with investors betting that the decision favored her rival, Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa. ",1
12136,"Venezuela talks to resume in January after government, opposition fail to reach deal","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s government and opposition leaders will hold a new round of talks in January after failing on Friday to reach an agreement to ease a deep political and economic crisis in the troubled OPEC country. Expectations have been low for the talks being held in the Dominican Republic. Some critics have described them as a stalling tactic by the ruling Socialist Party which is struggling to control a worsening economic crisis.  We will meet again on January 11 for a meeting with the Venezuelan opposition,  said Information Minister Jorge Rodriguez, leader of the government delegation, in a brief statement released by state television. Opposition leaders are demanding that President Nicolas Maduro accept humanitarian assistance from abroad to ease the crisis, which has left millions of people unable to eat properly due to triple-digit inflation and chronic product shortages.  They also want the release of several hundred jailed opposition activists. Government leaders want the opposition to help seek the elimination of sanctions by Washington, which have been levied this year by the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump on accusations that Maduro is undermining democracy. An initial round of talks two weeks ago in the Dominican Republic also ended without a agreement.     We want an agreement that can be fulfilled,  said opposition legislator Luis Florido.  Because we have not concluded discussion of all the issues, we need another meeting so that there can be a permanent agreement.  ",1
12137,Mexico presidential race roiled as leftist front-runner embraces right wing party,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The front-runner in Mexico s 2018 election has embraced a small, socially conservative party in his bid for the presidency, sparking criticism among progressives that could splinter his support in what is expected to be a tight race. Earlier this week, two-time presidential runner-up Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador entered into a coalition with the Social Encounter Party (PES), a tiny party with religious roots that pushes an anti-gay and anti-abortion agenda. The coalition is led by Lopez Obrador s left-of-center MORENA party and also includes the socialist-leaning Labor Party. Lopez Obrador, who is leading in most polls, has been Mexico s best-known leftist since he served as mayor of the capital a decade ago. In previous elections he favored tie-ups with left-wing parties. Some political analysts said a coalition with social conservatives could provide Lopez Obrador with the margin he needs to prevail in a crowded field of candidates, including first-time independents. But cracks in his progressive base are emerging.  It looks like our rights will have to keep waiting,  said Lol Kin Castaneda, a leading gay rights activist who helped push Mexico City s approval of marriage equality in 2010. Mexico s Supreme Court ruled that gay marriage is lawful. Still, fewer than half of the country s 32 states have laws on the books that permit civil marriage for gays and lesbians, and individual same-sex couples in most states must fight to be recognized, often at great cost.  It s an error for MORENA to join forces with PES... In this alliance, PES wins,  Andres Lajous, a left-leaning writer and television pundit, posted on Twitter. Leo Zuckermann, a socially liberal commentator, suggested that Lopez Obrador, popularly known by his initials AMLO, is revealing his true colors by aligning himself with the PES.  People of the left, it s time to recognize that AMLO is a conservative on these issues,  he wrote in newspaper Excelsior. Lopez Obrador, like many Latin American leftists, has traditionally focused on fighting poverty and graft, not divisive social issues like gay rights or a woman s right to an abortion. In the past, he has said such issues are not  so important  compared to the fight against corruption. He has also proposed putting same-sex marriage and abortion to a popular vote, which rankles activists like Castaneda. Asked if she might still support Lopez Obrador, Castaneda was quick to answer.  Right now, I haven t made a decision.  ",1
12138,Indian police arrest Christian priest after complaint by Hindu group,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian police arrested a Christian priest and were questioning  members of a seminary after a hardline Hindu group accused them of trying to convert villagers to Christianity by distributing Bibles and singing carols, police said on Saturday. The priest was arrested on Friday after a member of the Bajrang Dal, a powerful Hindu group associated with Prime Minister Narendra Modi s ruling party, accused 50 members of a seminary of distributing the Bible, photos of Jesus Christ and singing carols in a village in the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.  Our members have registered a criminal case because we have proof to show how Christian priests were forcibly converting poor Hindus,  said Abhay Kumar Dhar, a senior member of the Bajrang Dal in Bhopal, the capital of Madhya Pradesh.   The Bajrang Dal has direct links with Modi s ruling Hindu-nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Madhya Pradesh, governed by the BJP, has strict religious conversion laws. People must give formal notice to local administrators in order to change religion.  We have arrested the priest but have not booked him under the anti-conversion law because the probe into the allegations is still on,  said Rajesh Hingankar, the investigating official in Satna district, where the incident occurred. The Catholic Bishops  Conference of India said they were  shocked, and pained at the unprovoked violence against Catholic priests and seminarians .  We were only singing carols, but the hardline Hindus attacked us and said we were on a mission to make India a Christian nation ... that s not true,  said Anish Emmanuel, a member of the St. Ephrem s Theological College in Satna. Two senior police officials in Bhopal said they had detained six members of the Bajrang Dal who had allegedly torched a car owned by a Christian priest in Satna, 480 km (300 miles) northeast of Bhopal. Religious conversion is a sensitive issue in India, with Hindu groups often accusing Christian missionaries of using cash, kind and marriage to lure poor villagers to convert to their faith. Modi s government has been criticized for failing to do enough to stop attacks on minority Christians and Muslims by hardline Hindu groups. The government rejects the allegation and denies any bias against Christians or Muslims. ",1
12139,South Africa to increase spending on higher education: Zuma,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa will raise subsidies to universities to 1 percent of gross domestic product over the next five years from nearly 0.7 percent at present as recommended by a commission on higher education funding, President Jacob Zuma said on Saturday.  As a result of this substantial increase in subsidy to universities, there will be no tuition fee increment for students from households earning up to 600,000 rand a year during the 2018 academic year,  Zuma said in a statement. ",1
12140,Detained asylum-seekers win right to sue PNG government for compensation,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - A Papua New Guinea court has given hundreds of asylum-seekers who were held for years in a controversial Australian detention center the right to sue the PNG government for compensation, Australian media reported on Saturday. Papua New Guinea s Supreme Court rejected an attempt by the PNG government to stop the asylum-seekers seeking compensation on Friday, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported. The government had tried to argue that the time frame for such attempts to sue for compensation had passed but the court rejected its application.  The finding opens the way to a major compensation and also for consequential orders against both the PNG and Australian governments,  Refugee Action Coalition spokesman Ian Rintoul told Australian Associated Press. The decision comes two months after the PNG government closed the detention center on remote Manus Island, which had housed about 400 male asylum-seekers. Conditions in the camp, and another on the tiny Pacific island of Nauru, have been widely criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups. The two camps have been cornerstones of Australia s contentious immigration policy, under which it refuses to allow asylum-seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores. The policy, aimed at deterring people from making a perilous sea voyage to Australia, has bipartisan political support. The closure of the Manus island camp, criticized by the United Nations as  shocking , caused chaos, with the men refusing to leave the compound for fear of being attacked by Manus island residents. Staff left the closed compound and the men were left without food, water, power or medical support before they were expelled and moved to a transit camp. Papua New Guinea s Supreme Court declared in 2016 that the detention of asylum-seekers on behalf of the Australian government was illegal and that it breached asylum-seekers  fundamental human rights. The asylum-seekers will now go back to court in February to seek orders from Australia and Papua New Guinea for them to be settled in a safe third country. The United States announced on Friday that it had agreed to accept about 200 more refugees from Manus island and Nauru under a deal struck between Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and former U.S. President Barack Obama. Another 50 refugees had already been accepted as part of the deal, under which Australia agreed to accept refugees from Central America. U.S President Donald Trump has called the deal  dumb . ",1
12141,Canadian police probe 'suspicious' deaths of billionaire couple,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Canadian police said they were investigating the mysterious deaths of Barry Sherman, founder of Canadian pharmaceutical firm Apotex Inc, and his wife, Honey, one of the nation s wealthiest couples whose bodies were found in their mansion on Friday. Police said they learned of the deaths after responding to a midday (1700 GMT) medical call at the Sherman s home in an affluent section of northeast Toronto. Two bodies covered in blankets were removed from the home and loaded into an unmarked van on Friday evening.  The circumstances of their death appear suspicious and we are treating it that way,  said Constable David Hopkinson. Homicide detectives later told reporters gathered outside the home that there were no signs of forced entry. Their neighbors, business associates and some of Canada s most powerful politicians said they were saddened by the deaths.   Our condolences to their family & friends, and to everyone touched by their vision & spirit,  Prime Minister Justin Trudeau wrote on Twitter. Toronto Mayor John Tory said in statement he was  shocked and heartbroken  to learn of the deaths, noting that the couple had made extensive contributions to the city.  Toronto Police are investigating, and I hope that investigation will be able to provide answers for all of us who are mourning this tremendous loss,  Tory said. The Shermans recently listed their home for sale for nearly C$7 million ($5.4 million). A real estate agent discovered the bodies in the basement while preparing for an open house, the Toronto Globe and Mail reported, citing a relative. Sherman, 75, founded privately held Apotex in 1974, growing it by introducing large numbers of low-cost generic drugs that took market share from branded pharmaceuticals. He stepped down as chief executive in 2012 but remained executive chairman.  Forbes has estimated Sherman s fortune at $3.2 billion. Apotex is the world s No. 7 generic drugmaker with 11,000 employees and annual sales of more than C$2 billion in more than 45 countries, according to its website. The couple was known for their philanthropy, giving tens of millions of dollars to hospitals, universities and Jewish organizations, CBC reported.  They were extremely successful in business, but also very, very giving people,  former Ontario Premier Bob Rae told CBC.  It s going to be a very, very big loss.  The Globe and Mail reported in February that Lobbying Commissioner Karen Shepherd was investigating a complaint about a 2015 political fundraiser that Trudeau had attended. ",1
12142,Wounded North Korean defector transferred to South Korean military hospital,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A North Korean soldier who suffered critical gunshot wounds during a defection dash across the border to South Korea has been transferred to a military hospital, a South Korean intelligence official said on Saturday. The North Korean soldier, 24-year-old Oh Chong Song, was transferred to the military hospital on Friday from a trauma center at Ajou University Hospital south of Seoul, where his treatment for gunshot wounds and pre-existing conditions included two major operations.   Oh has been transferred to South Korea s military hospital and South Korea s intelligence services will soon schedule the security questioning process depending on Oh s condition,  the intelligence official told Reuters. The official, who declined to be identified, also declined to provide a specific schedule for Oh s questioning.   Oh was shot and badly wounded by his fellow North Korean soldiers while fleeing across the border into the South in November.  Three South Korean soldiers brought Oh to safety and he was immediately taken aboard a U.S. Black Hawk military helicopter and rushed into surgery.  Medical staff at the Armed Forces Hospital will continue to provide proper care and treatment for Oh,  a South Korean defense ministry official. Surgeon John Cook-Jong Lee accompanied Oh, along with a few South Korean intelligence services agents and other medical crew, as he was airlifted by a South Korean military helicopter to the Korean Armed Forces Capital Hospital in Seongnam, south of Seoul.  Oh is still recovering from two major surgeries and other minor injuries. He has not gained full strength yet, but his condition has been much stabilized,  said a person familiar with Oh s condition, who declined to be identified. ",1
12143,Tillerson urges long halt to North Korea weapons tests before any talks,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday urged North Korea to carry out a  sustained cessation  of weapons testing to allow the two countries to hold talks about Pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs. Tillerson s remarks were a retreat from his position earlier this week when he offered to begin direct talks with North Korea without preconditions, backing away from a key U.S. demand that Pyongyang must first accept that giving up its nuclear arsenal would be part of any negotiations. But the White House distanced itself from those remarks by Tillerson and said now is not the time for negotiations.  North Korea must earn its way back to the table. The pressure campaign must and will continue until denuclearization is achieved,  Tillerson told a meeting of the United Nations Security Council on North Korea s weapons programs. He did not specify how long the lull should last. He told reporters after the meeting that the United States would not accept any preconditions for talks with North Korea. Tillerson had raised hopes this week that the United States and North Korea could negotiate to resolve their standoff when he said that the United States was  ready to talk any time North Korea would like to talk.  North Korea s ambassador to the United Nations on Friday made no mention of Tillerson s call for a halt to testing when he addressed the same U.N. meeting. Ambassador Ja Song Nam said his country would not pose a threat to any state, as long as its interests were not infringed upon. He described the Security Council session as  a desperate measure plotted by the United States being terrified by the incredible might of our Republic that has successfully achieved the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force.  North Korea has made clear it has little interest in negotiations with the United States until it has developed the ability to hit the U.S. mainland with a nuclear-tipped missile, something most experts say it has yet to prove.    North Korea conducted missile tests at a steady pace since April, then paused in September after firing a rocket that passed over Japan s Hokkaido island. But it renewed tests in November when it fired a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile, the Hwasong-15, which flew higher and further than previous tests.     Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono told the Security Council that North Korea was  nowhere near ready  to abandon its nuclear and missile programs and was not interested in a meaningful dialogue. He said any lull in missile tests did not mean that North Korea was sitting idly.  The latest launch was conducted 75 days after North Korea s provocations in September. Some optimistic views labeled 75 days of silence as a positive signal. However, the missile launch in November made it clear that North Korea was continuing to relentlessly develop its nuclear and missile programs even while they were seemingly silent,  Kono said.                 Tillerson also urged China and Russia on Friday to increase pressure on North Korea by going beyond the implementation of U.N. sanctions, but the two countries were wary of the idea.     China s deputy U.N. ambassador, Wu Haitao, said all parties must implement U.N. sanctions, but said that unilateral sanctions undermine the unity of the Security Council and  hurt the legitimate right and interests of other countries and should therefore be abandoned.  Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said Moscow was committed to implementing U.N. sanctions on North Korea and echoed China s concerns about unilateral sanctions.  U.S. President Donald Trump wants China, North Korea s main ally and trading partner, to impose an oil embargo on Pyongyang, over and above Beijing s adherence to U.N. sanctions. The Security Council has ratcheted up sanctions on North Korea over its weapons programs since 2006.            U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the Security Council on Friday it was time to immediately re-establish and strengthen communication channels with North Korea, including inter-Korean and military-to-military channels, to reduce the risk of a misunderstanding escalating into conflict. ",1
12144,Victims of Mexico military abuses shudder at new security law,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Human rights activist Juan Carlos Soni fears a new security law passed by Mexico s Congress on Friday could mean his death after he suffered beatings, electrocution and abduction at the hands of the armed forces four years ago. Bucking widespread protests from rights groups, Congress approved the Law of Internal Security, which will formally regulate the deployment of the military in Mexico more than a decade after the government dispatched it to fight drug cartels. Proponents of the law argue it is needed to delimit the armed forces  role in combating crime, while critics fear it will enshrine their purview, encouraging greater impunity and abuses in a country where justice is often notoriously weak. Multiple human rights groups and international organizations, including the United Nations, attacked the bill, mindful of the dozens of reported cases of abuses by members of the military in Mexico over the past 11 years. Soni, 46, a teacher from the central state of San Luis Potosi, whose case was documented by Mexico s national human rights commission, related how in 2013 he was detained, blindfolded and tortured by marines after being warned by them to stop looking into alleged rights abuses. While being held in a cellar, Soni said, he was made to leave fingerprints on guns and bags of marijuana and cocaine. He was then arrested on charges of carrying an illegal weapon and drug possession, and spent 16 months in prison until he was released with the aid of U.N. representatives in Mexico.  If they give them that power and send out the Navy again, I m going to seek political asylum in another country,  Soni told Reuters shortly before the law passed Congress.  Much though I love my country, if I stay, they ll kill me.  The Navy subsequently acknowledged participating in abuses against Soni, but he said he has yet to receive any restitution. The Navy did not immediately reply to request for comment. Well over 100,000 people have been killed in turf wars between the gangs and clashes with security force since former President Felipe Calderon first sent in the military to combat drug gangs shortly after taking office in December 2006. Reports of abuse gradually crept up as the battle with the cartels intensified, and tens of thousands of people have gone missing or disappeared in the tumult. Many of the most damaging scandals, from extra-judicial killings of suspected gang members to questions over the army s failure to stop the disappearance of 43 students near a base in 2014, have come under President Enrique Pena Nieto. Opponents of the military deployment say it has undermined trust in one of the most respected institutions in Mexico, as exposure to sickening violence and organized crime corroded the Army and the Navy just as it had the police.  We don t want to be on the streets, but this is the job we were asked to do,  said a soldier who asked to remain anonymous because he was not authorized to speak publicly. Noting that personnel were often separated from their families for long periods, the soldier said the task of attempting to keep order was made harder by the lack of regulations governing how the military should proceed.  It should be the police who are doing this, but they don t have the necessary training,  he said. Under Calderon and Pena Nieto, the armed forces played a major role in capturing or killing most of the top capos in Mexico. But they have not managed to pacify the country. October was the most violent month on record since the government began keeping regular monthly tallies 20 years ago. Relatives of the victims of abuses believe the new law will only give the military more cover to do what it wants.  The Law of Internal Security won t just protect them, it offers them more faculties to carry out human rights violations masquerading as security operations,  said Grace Mahogany Fernandez, whose brother was kidnapped and disappeared by the armed forces in December 2008 in the northern state of Coahuila. ",1
12145,Myanmar faces mounting calls for release of Reuters journalists,"UNITED NATIONS/YANGON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday that the United States was demanding  the immediate release  of two Reuters reporters arrested in Myanmar  or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance.  The United States joined mounting demands for the reporters to be freed. The United Nations, United Kingdom, Sweden and Bangladesh, among others, have denounced the arrests. The journalists, Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, went missing on Tuesday after being invited to meet police officials over dinner on the northern outskirts of the city of Yangon. They had worked on stories about a military crackdown in Rakhine state, which has triggered the flight of more than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims to Bangladesh since late August. As of Friday, Reuters had not been formally contacted by officials about the detention of the reporters. The Ministry of Information has said that Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media,  and released a photo of the pair in handcuffs. Reuters President and Editor-in-Chief Stephen J. Adler has called for the immediate release of the journalists, saying in a statement on Wednesday that the global news organization was  outraged by this blatant attack on press freedom.   A court official in the northern district of Yangon where they were detained said that no paperwork had been filed relating to either journalist. The official said that usually cases are lodged 20-30 days after an arrest as suspects can be held in custody for up to 28 days without being charged. On Wednesday, Myanmar s Ministry of Information said the reporters and two policemen faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act, though officials have since disclosed that they have not been charged. The 1923 law carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. Last month, the United States called the Myanmar military operation against the Rohingya population  ethnic cleansing  and threatened targeted sanctions against those responsible for what it called  horrendous atrocities.   Tillerson said at the United Nations on Friday that the United States had identified one individual as a sanctions target and was examining others over the campaign in Myanmar against minority Rohingya Muslims. Myanmar s 2-year-old government, led by Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, has faced heavy international criticism for its response to the Rohingya crisis, though it has no control over the generals with whom it shares power. Rights monitors have accused Myanmar s military of atrocities, including killings, mass rape and arson, against the stateless Rohingya during so-called clearance operations after Rohingya militants  Aug. 25 attacks on 30 police posts and an army base. Amnesty International has called for a comprehensive arms embargo against Myanmar as well as targeted financial sanctions against senior Myanmar military officials. In calling for release of the Reuters reporters on Friday, Tillerson said,  A free press is vital to Myanmar s transition and becoming a viable democracy, and we want Myanmar s democracy to succeed.   He said the U.S. embassy in Myanmar was  expressing our concerns over the detention of individuals, demanding their immediate release or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance.  The embassy said in a statement on its Facebook page on Friday,  We remain concerned about Reuters journalists Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo.   Their families and others have not been allowed to see them, and don t even know where they are being held.  Tillerson s comments came in the wake of a rising chorus of concern in the West over Myanmar s action. The leaders of the U.S. Senate Human Rights Caucus, Republican Thom Tillis and Democrat Chris Coons, said they were  gravely concerned  about the arrests. Earlier on Friday at the United Nations, British Minister for Asia and the Pacific Mark Field said,  We will make it clear in the strongest possible terms that we feel that they need to be released at the earliest possible opportunity.  The nonprofit Committee to Protect Journalists also called for the reporters  unconditional release, saying,  These arrests come amid a widening crackdown which is having a grave impact on the ability of journalists to cover a story of vital global importance.    Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom said the arrests were a  threat to a democratic and peaceful development of Myanmar and that region .  We do not accept that journalists are attacked or simply kidnapped or that they disappear,  Wallstrom told reporters on Friday at the United Nations. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Thursday that the arrests were a signal that press freedom is shrinking in Myanmar and the international community must do all it can to get the reporters released. Britain has expressed  grave concerns  to the government of Myanmar over the arrest of the two journalists, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson told reporters in London on Thursday.  We are committed to freedom of speech and people s ability to report the facts and bring into the public domain what is happening in Rakhine state,  he said. Bangladesh, which is struggling to cope with the influx of  refugees into its southern tip, also condemned the arrests of reporters working for an agency that had shone a light for the world on the strife in Rakhine state.  We strongly denounce arrests of Reuters journalists and feel that those reporters be free immediately so that they can depict the truth to the world by their reporting,  said Iqbal Sobhan Chowdhury, information adviser to Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina.     In Japan, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s spokesman Motosada Matano, said his government is closely watching the situation. He said Japan has been conducting a dialogue with the Myanmar government on human rights in Myanmar in general.  ",1
12146,U.S. top diplomat calls for release of two reporters arrested in Myanmar,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday that the U.S. government has demanded the release of two Reuters reporters being held in Myanmar.  Our local representatives at the mission in Myanmar, at the embassy, are expressing our concerns over the detention of individuals, demanding their immediate release or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance,  Tillerson told reporters. Myanmar s information ministry said on Wednesday that the reporters faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act, though officials have since said they have not been charged. ",1
12147,Factbox: International reaction to arrest of Reuters reporters in Myanmar,"(Reuters) - Several countries, the United Nations and journalist groups are demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar. The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after being invited to meet police officials on the outskirts of Yangon. They had worked on stories about a military crackdown in Rakhine state, scene of more than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh since late August. Myanmar s Ministry of Information has said the reporters  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media,  and released a photo of them in handcuffs. It said the reporters and two policemen faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years, though officials said they have not been charged. Their exact whereabouts is not known. Reuters  driver Myothant Tun dropped them off at Battalion8 s compound and the two reporters and two police officers headed to a nearby restaurant. The journalists did not return to the car.  Reuters President and Editor-in-Chief Stephen J. Adler said  the arrests were a  blatant attack on press freedom  and called for the immediate release of the journalists.  Here are reactions to their detention from politicians and press freedom advocates around the world:   ** U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the United States was  demanding their immediate release or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance.   ** British Minister for Asia and the Pacific Mark Field said,   I absolutely strongly disapprove of the idea of journalists, going about their everyday business, being arrested. We will make it clear in the strongest possible terms that we feel that they need to be released at the earliest possible opportunity.  ** Swedish Foreign Minister Margot called the arrests a  threat to a democratic and peaceful development of Myanmar and that region.  She said,  We do not accept that journalists are attacked or simply kidnapped or that they disappear ... To be able to send journalists to this particular area is of crucial importance.   ** U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said countries should do everything possible to secure the journalists  release and freedom of the press in Myanmar. Guterres said,  It is clearly a concern in relation to the erosion of press freedom in the country.  He added:  And probably the reason why these journalists were arrested is because they were reporting on what they have seen in relation to this massive human tragedy.   ** Canada s Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland, the former editor of Thomson Reuters Digital, tweeted that she was  deeply concerned  by the reports about the arrests.  Freedom of the press is essential for democracy and must be preserved,  she said. ** President of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani called on Myanmar to protect media freedoms and release the two reporters. ** Iqbal Sobhan Chowdhury, information adviser to Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, said,  We strongly denounce arrests of Reuters journalists and feel that those reporters be free immediately so that they can depict the truth to the world by their reporting.   ** Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s spokesman Motosada Matano said his government was closely watching the situation, and that Japan has been conducting a dialogue with the Myanmar government on human rights in Myanmar in general. ** The Committee to Protect Journalists said,  We call on local authorities to immediately, unconditionally release Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo. These arrests come amid a widening crackdown which is having a grave impact on the ability of journalists to cover a story of vital global importance.  ** The Foreign Correspondents  Club of Myanmar said it was  appalled  by the arrests and  gravely concerned  about the state of press freedom in Myanmar. It called on authorities to ensure the reporters  safety and allow their families to see them. ** The Foreign Correspondents  Club in neighboring Thailand said it was  alarmed by the use of this draconian law with its heavy penalties against journalists simply doing their jobs.  The club called for the journalists to be released.  Wielding such a blunt legal instrument has an intimidating effect on other journalists, and poses a real threat to media freedom,  it said.  ",1
12148,Mattis says North Korean ICBM not yet a 'capable threat' against U.S,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday that analysis continued on North Korea s most recent missile test, but he did not believe its intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) posed an imminent threat to the United States.  It has not yet shown to be a capable threat against us right now ... we re still doing the forensics analysis,  Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon. Last month, North Korea said it had successfully tested a new type of ICBM that could reach all of the U.S. mainland and South Korea and U.S.-based experts said data from the Nov. 29 test appeared to support that. Mattis did not elaborate on what was lacking in the test to  show it was not a capable threat. He said himself immediately after the test that the missile had gone higher than any previous North Korean launch and that it was part of a research and development effort  to continue building ballistic missiles that can threaten everywhere in the world, basically.  U.S.-based experts, some of whom have been skeptical about past North Korean claims, said last month that data and photos from the test appeared to confirm North Korea had a missile of sufficient power to deliver a nuclear warhead anywhere in America. But experts and U.S. officials have said questions remain about whether it has a re-entry vehicle capable of protecting a nuclear warhead as it speeds toward its target and about the accuracy of its guidance systems. South Korea s Defense Ministry said this latest test put Washington within range, but Pyongyang still needed to prove it had mastered re-entry, terminal stage guidance and warhead activation. Some U.S. based experts believe North Korea could be only two or three tests away from being able to declare the missile operational. U.S. President Donald Trump vowed  it won t happen  after North Korean said in January is was in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching the United States. Trump has said all options are on the table, including military ones, although his administration has made clear it prefers a diplomatic solution.  It continues to be a diplomatically led effort,  Mattis said.  When we re ready to have conversations ... dialogues, that will be up to the president and secretary of state.  At a U.N. Security Council session on the crisis on Friday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged North Korea to carry out a  sustained cessation  of weapons testing to allow the two countries to hold talks. ",1
12149,U.S. says identified target for sanctions over Myanmar crackdown,"WASHINGTON/YANGON (Reuters) - The United States has identified one person it might impose sanctions on over the brutal crackdown in Myanmar against minority Rohingya Muslims and is examining others, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday. Tillerson, who last month declared the violence against the Rohingya to be  ethnic cleansing,  has said Washington was considering  targeted sanctions  against those deemed responsible. More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to southern Bangladesh since the end of August.  We are continuing to examine the circumstances around all of the events since the August attacks that have led to the enormous migration of people out of Myanmar, and have already identified one individual and we are examining other possible individuals to hold responsible for targeted sanctions from the U.S.,  Tillerson told reporters at the United Nations. U.S. officials told Reuters that President Donald Trump s administration was considering only limited action at this stage. They said it was preparing narrow, targeted U.S. sanctions against Myanmar s military and could roll out the punitive measures by year-end. The sanctions will be aimed at increasing pressure on Myanmar authorities, but are not expected to hit the highest levels of the military leadership and will stop short of reimposing broad economic restrictions suspended under former  President Barack Obama, according to the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The limited nature of any new sanctions is expected to be seen as little more than a warning for Myanmar and are not likely to satisfy international human rights groups and some U.S. lawmakers who have accused Myanmar s armed forces of crimes against humanity. Other world powers and the United Nations called Myanmar s campaign against the Rohingya population  ethnic cleansing  well before the United States did so in late November. U.S. officials in Washington and Yangon have been looking in particular at ways to use the Global Magnitsky Act, a law originally designed to target Russian human rights violators, but which has recently been expanded to allow sanctions for abuses anywhere in the world, the sources said.  That can take the form of U.S. asset freezes as well as bans on travel to the United States. A spokesman for the U.S. State Department said the administration was in the final stages of preparing this year s Global Magnitsky report and had taken  an expansive view of implementation  of the act in the past year, but could not say when it might be delivered. Myanmar s powerful army chief, General Min Aung Hlaing, is expected to be spared from the latest sanctions, according to three U.S. officials and a congressional aide familiar with the matter. In November, Myanmar s military said it had replaced Major General Maung Maung Soe, the general in charge in Rakhine state, but gave no reason for his transfer from a post as the head of the country s Western Command. It was not immediately clear how far down the chain of command the U.S. measures would reach and who might be named. Two of the U.S. officials said the Trump administration is considering only limited action at this stage to avoid upsetting the delicate political balance in Myanmar, where the civilian-led government headed  by Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi must still contend with an influential military. Washington also wants to hold tougher options in reserve to escalate the U.S. response if needed, the officials said. Although the sanctions plan was still being finalized, the U.S. officials said the aim was to roll it out before the end of December, possibly before Christmas, though one person close to the matter said an announcement could be delayed until early next year.  We have nothing to announce on sanctions,  a White House National Security Council spokesman said when asked the coming measures. He declined comment on who might be named. Preparations for Myanmar sanctions come at the same time that Washington has expressed concern over the detention this week of two Reuters journalists. Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo had worked on stories about the military crackdown on the Rohingya population in Rakhine state. Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh say their exodus from the mainly Buddhist country was triggered by a military offensive in response to attacks by Rohingya militant on security forces. Washington has sought to balance its wish to nurture the civilian government in Myanmar, where it competes for influence with China, with its desire to hold the military accountable for the abuses. ",1
12150,Protesters injured in Honduras clashes as electoral crisis rumbles on,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Over two dozen people were injured in clashes on Friday between Honduran security forces and protesters demanding a vote recount for last month s contentious and still unresolved presidential election, according to the Red Cross.  Supporters of the center-left Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship, led by TV star Salvador Nasralla, set fire to tires across the country, blocking major thoroughfares in the capital, Tegucigalpa, and the second city of San Pedro Sula.  Police and soldiers responded with tear gas to rock-throwing protesters who set fire to a vehicle for carrying soldiers in Tegucigalpa. Near San Pedro Sula, protesters blocked a road leading to the key Puerto Cortes port, before being moved on by security forces. The Honduran branch of the International Committee of the Red Cross said that 27 people had been injured in the clashes. At least five of those injured in the northern city of Villanueva, near San Pedro Sula, had been shot, it said. Honduras has been roiled by political instability in the wake of the Nov. 26 vote, which remains unresolved. Nasralla trails conservative President Juan Orlando Hernandez by 1.6 percentage points according to the official count, which has been questioned by the two main opposition parties and a wide swathe of the diplomatic corps. Honduras  electoral tribunal said on Sunday that a partial recount of votes showed broadly the same result as previously, maintaining Hernandez s lead. It has until Dec. 26 to declare a winner. Last week, Honduras  two main opposition parties presented formal requests to annul the results of the election. ",1
12151,Zimbabwe's ruling party must fix economy to win vote: president,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s President Emmerson Mnangagwa told members of his ruling ZANU-PF party on Friday they would have to start fixing the economy if they wanted a chance of winning next year s vote. Mnangagwa spoke at a party congress that drew a line under the rule of ousted veteran leader Robert Mugabe by formally expelling his wife Grace and her allies from the organization and by endorsing Mnangagwa as party chief and candidate.  We will only win at the ballot box if we can show signs that we are reviving our economy and at the same time we will only be able to make economic gains if we can secure re-election,  he said. Zimbabwe s economy collapsed in the latter half of Mugabe s rule, especially after violent and chaotic seizures of thousands of white-owned commercial farms.     The southern African nation could hold elections as early as March, Mnangagwa said this week, which would be just five months after the de facto military coup which ended Mugabe s 37-year reign.  Democracy bids that as a political party, ZANU-PF must always compete for office through pitting itself against opposition parties in elections which must be credible, free, fair and transparent,  Mnangagwa, 75, told the congress in downtown Harare. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said late last month that financial support for the new government to stabilize its currency system and help it clear World Bank and African Development Bank arrears depended on  democratic progress . In a sign of the military further consolidating its political power, Mnangagwa made three generals members of the party s Russian-styled executive Politburo, the supreme decision-making organ of ZANU-PF. Major General Engelbert Rugeje was appointed political commissar, a job focused on revamping party structures and preparing for elections. Mnangagwa said he would name two deputies in a few days. Defence Forces Commander General Constantino Chiwenga is a strong contender for one of the vice presidency slots as a reward for spearheading the de facto coup that ended Mugabe s rule. Mnangagwa, whose sacking as vice-president set off the chain of events that led to Mugabe s removal, said the ZANU-PF congress should define a new trajectory - which he did not spell out - and put behind it the victimization of members seen in the past. ",1
12152,Air traffic controllers end strike at new Senegal airport,"DAKAR (Reuters) - Air traffic controllers ended a strike at Senegal s main airport on Friday, a union leader said, after shutting it down for most of the day over demands for more training and transportation stipends. The government says the new $680 million airport, which was inaugurated on Dec. 7, will help make Senegal a transport hub in West Africa and boost the tourism sector.    But air traffic controllers complained that they had not been adequately trained to work at the new facility before it opened and said they launched their walkout  for people s security . They also wanted increased stipends for employees  transport to the airport, which lies some 45 km (28 miles) outside the city center.  Late on Friday, however, Mame Alioune Sene, the president of the union representing the workers, said that it was suspending the strike.  Our decision was motivated by security issues. We think that the authorities have understood,  he said.  We re going back to work to allow planes to take off and land.  Sene did not say if the workers  specific demands had been met. The airport is Senegal s busiest and is used by international carriers including Air France, Ethiopian Airlines [ETHA.UL], Brussels Airlines, Iberia, South African Airways, TAP Portugal and Kenya Airways. An airport management official said the strike meant around 30 flights serving some 5,000 passengers had to be canceled or delayed. The airport is Senegal s busiest and is used by international carriers including Air France, Ethiopian Airlines [ETHA.UL], Brussels Airlines, Iberia, South African Airways, TAP Portugal and Kenya Airways. Senegal, a fish and peanut exporter, is looking to take advantage of its reputation for political stability to expand tourism to its extensive Atlantic coastline.  Last year, the country launched a new national carrier, Air Senegal, which ordered two new Airbus A330 jets last month. ",1
12153,Argentine Congress to make fresh attempt at pension debate on Monday,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s lower house of Congress will try on Monday to debate the government s pension bill, lawmakers said on Friday, after the first attempt at discussing it this week ended with violent protests that forced the legislature to suspend session. The bill, key to President Mauricio Macri s effort to lower business costs and reduce Argentina s fiscal deficit, has already passed the Senate, leaving the lower house to give final legislative approval. But Thursday s debate was suspended after it sparked riots in the capital that were put down by police firing rubber bullets and tear gas. Opposition protesters, politicians and unions say the legislation will hurt pensioners. For Monday s debate, the bill will be amended to provide a bonus to the country s most needy retirees, the government said. The move may increase its chances of passage.  The amendment  will make a strong effort  to compensate those most in need, Macri-allied house member Mario Negri told reporters. The agreement to include the bonus came after a long meeting on Friday among lawmakers, provincial governors and Macri administration officials.  Macri is aiming to cut the fiscal deficit to 3.2 percent of gross domestic product next year from 4.2 percent this year, and to reduce inflation to between 8 and 12 percent from above 20 percent this year. The pension bill would change the formula used to calculate benefits. Payments would adjust every quarter based on inflation, rather than the current system of twice-yearly adjustments linked to wage rises and tax revenue. Economists say the current formula means benefits go up in line with past inflation. Left unchanged, that could harm Macri s efforts to cut the fiscal deficit. Under the new formula, benefits would increase by 5 percentage points above inflation, according to Cabinet Chief Marcos Pena. The plan would take effect at a time of lower inflation expectations, hence slowing the pace of pension benefit increases. ",1
12154,Powerful Mexico former union boss granted house arrest,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The powerful former leader of Mexico s largest teacher s union, Elba Esther Gordillo, will be let out of jail under house arrest more than four years after her detention on embezzlement charges, government and judicial sources said on Friday. Gordillo, 72, was unexpectedly arrested in 2013 in the first year of President Enrique Pena Nieto s government, in what appeared to show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) taking a stand against corruption. But the attorney general (PGR) this week stopped fighting Gordillo s lawyer s attempts to get her out of prison, and a tribunal approved, said the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The judicial source said that in a matter of hours or days she would be allowed to go home. The decision to let Gordillo see out her trial under house arrest came as the political party she founded, the New Political Alliance Party (Panal), said it would back the PRI in the 2018 election. ",1
12155,Pence trip to Middle East overshadowed by Trump's Jerusalem decision,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will underscore the U.S. partnership with Israel during a trip to the Middle East next week while seeking to shore up U.S. relations with the Arab world after President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Pence, a strong supporter of Trump s decision, will spend three days in the region with stops in Israel and Egypt, the first high-level official to visit after the president reversed decades of U.S. policy and announced the United States would start the process of moving its embassy from Tel Aviv. The status of Jerusalem, which holds Muslim, Jewish and Christian holy sites, is one of the thorniest obstacles to a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians, who were furious over Trump s move and have declined to meet with Pence. The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over the full city. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal capital, while Palestinians want the capital of an independent state of theirs to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally. Pence, an evangelical Christian who had planned to highlight the plight of Christian minorities during his trip, will not meet with Palestinian Christians or with officials from the Coptic Christian church, who declined a meeting in response to the U.S. move.  Officials said Pence still would discuss the persecution of Christians as well as the Jerusalem decision, countering Iran, defeating Islamic State militants and fighting  extremist ideology.  The dates of his trip have been in flux because of Trump s U.S. tax overhaul push and the possibility that Pence would be needed to provide a tie-breaking vote in the Senate.  He is now scheduled to depart Washington on Tuesday, arriving in Cairo on Wednesday for a meeting with Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.   He flies to Israel later on Wednesday and will meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and President Reuven Rivlin,  deliver a speech to the Israeli parliament, and visit Jerusalem s Western Wall.  We can t envision a scenario under which the Western Wall would not be part of Israel,  one administration official told reporters on a conference call. The trip will be dominated by the continuing fallout from Trump s announcement.      The last couple weeks in the region have been a reaction to the Jerusalem decision,  another administration official said.  This trip is part of ... the ending of that chapter, and the beginning of what I will say is the next chapter.  That view may not be shared by Arab leaders. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said the United States abdicated its responsibility as a mediator on peace and Pence s planned visit to Bethlehem was scrapped. Pence does not plan to encourage Egypt to pressure the Palestinians to return to the negotiating table, an official said.  We think it s appropriate for the Palestinians to digest what has happened. And once they review the president s remarks clearly, they will realize that nothing has changed in terms of being able to reach an historic peace agreement,  he said. Arab legislators have announced they will stay away from Pence s speech to the Knesset.  In Egypt, the Sisi government will have a chance to discuss the recent U.S. decision to suspend some of Egypt s military aid package because of Washington s concerns over civil liberties. Egypt is a strategic U.S. partner because of its control of the Suez Canal and Sisi presents himself as a bulwark against Islamist militants in the region. On Friday Pence departs Israel for Germany, where he will visit U.S. troops on his way back to Washington. ",1
12156,Peru's Congress prepares to oust President Kuczynski,"LIMA (Reuters) - President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski s chances of surviving the political crisis gripping Peru faded on Friday after Congress passed a motion to start  presidential vacancy  procedures with enough votes to unseat him within a week. The opposition-controlled Congress voted 93-17 on Friday to seek his removal from office over graft allegations, which he denies. Eighty-seven votes will be needed to oust him in a session scheduled for Dec. 21, when he will be asked to defend himself. A Brazilian construction company at the center of Latin America s biggest graft scandal disclosed this week payments totaling $4.8 million to companies owned by Kuczynski or a close friend, triggering calls for him to resign. Kuczynski had previously denied any links to the Brazilian company, Odebrecht, and said on Thursday there was nothing improper about the payments. Flanked by his Cabinet, Kuczynski vowed not to resign in a defiant message to the nation. However, Kuczynski was aware his chances of surviving the scandal were slim, said a government source who asked not be identified. By resisting calls to step down, he hopes to clear his name and defend due process as the Odebrecht graft investigation widens, the source said.  This is a national disgrace,  said opposition lawmaker Lourdes Alcorta.  The less harmful option for Peru would be his resignation. He s forcing us to impeach him.  Odebrecht has rocked politics in Latin America since agreeing a year ago to provide details on bribery schemes across the region - landing elites in jail from Colombia to the Dominican Republic and nearly toppling a president in Brazil. Two former presidents in Peru, Ollanta Humala and Alejandro Toledo, have been ensnared in the Odebrecht probe over alleged payments they deny. Humala was jailed pending trial in July and authorities are seeking Toledo s extradition from the United States. Opposition leader Keiko Fujimori, whom Kuczynski unexpectedly defeated in last year s presidential election, is also under investigation and denies wrongdoing. If Kuczynski is forced out, he would be replaced by First Vice President Martin Vizcarra, a former governor of a copper-rich mining region and Peru s current ambassador to Canada. Kuczynski was once lauded by many as a brilliant technocrat who would help uproot widespread corruption in Peru. But his 16 months in office have been marked by clashes with the right-wing opposition party that controls Congress. Kuczynski said late on Thursday he was the owner, but not the manager, of a company paid by Odebrecht while he held senior government posts. He also acknowledged providing financial services for an Odebrecht project as a consultant for a friend s firm when he did not hold public office. The opposition slammed the explanation as too little, too late.  It s really unfortunate that President Kuczynski has put the country in this situation,  said congresswoman Cecilia Chacon. ",1
12157,Security tight as Germany marks anniversary of Christmas market attack,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany has tightened security at Christmas markets across the country a year after a deadly truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market, with conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel under fire from victims  relatives for her handling of the case. Anis Amri, a failed Tunisian asylum seeker with Islamist links, hijacked a truck on Dec. 19, killed the driver and then plowed it into a crowded Berlin Christmas market, killing 11 more people and injuring dozens of others. About 2,600 Christmas markets reopened in late November with added security staff on patrol and concrete barriers to protect shoppers.  Merkel this week paid a surprise visit to the site of the attack, where a permanent memorial for victims will be unveiled on Tuesday. She will meet on Monday with relatives of victims, many of whom say they felt neglected by the government after the attack.  In an open letter to Merkel published in Der Spiegel magazine this month, victims and survivors complained that the chancellor had not met with them personally. Kurt Beck, a Social Democratic politician who is representing victims and survivors, told reporters Merkel s handling of the tragedy stood in contrast with how the French government had responded to terrorist attacks in Paris. He also blasted what he called an  unbelievable  case in which the family of one victim was sent a bill for an autopsy and then hounded by bill collectors.  There are incidents which must not be repeated,  Beck said, urging the government to increase hardship compensation for the victims  relatives and the survivors. German officials say they have tightened security and increased information sharing among security forces after investigations exposed a range of failures in the Amri case. But experts say much work remains to be done.   Cooperation between intelligence agencies and between police authorities must be improved,  said Malte Roschniski, a Berlin security expert. ",1
12158,U.N. chief urges communication with North Korea to avoid escalation,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the Security Council on Friday it was time to immediately re-establish and strengthen communication channels with North Korea, including inter-Korean and military to military channels, to reduce the risk of a misunderstanding escalating into conflict.  While all concerned seek to avoid an accidental escalation leading to conflict, the risk is being multiplied by misplaced over-confidence, dangerous narratives and rhetoric, and the lack of communication channels,  Guterres told the U.N. Security Council.  ",1
12159,Israel questions Iranian blogger after giving her asylum,"JERUSALEM/LONDON (Reuters) - An Iranian blogger granted asylum in Israel has been questioned by its Shin Bet internal security service on suspicion of illegal communication with Iran, an Israeli official said on Friday. Israel admitted Neda Amin, 33, who was previously based in Turkey, on humanitarian grounds in August, saying that she faced forced repatriation to Iran and would be at risk given her writings for an Israeli news site. Amin, who is originally from Tehran, says her father was Jewish. Israeli law bars contact with the military or similar state agencies of its enemy Iran. As home to thousands of Iranian Jewish immigrants, Israel has in the past allowed citizens to visit family in Iran. But it outlawed these trips a decade ago over Shin Bet concerns that Tehran could recruit them as spies. A Shin Bet statement said that, after moving to Israel, Amin communicated with  Iranian representatives  and was questioned about this by the security service, whose responsibilities include counter-espionage. Asked by Reuters for clarification, an Israeli security official said only that the people with whom Amin was accused of communicating were not her relatives, and were inside Iran.  Amin was not under arrest, said the Israeli official, who requested anonymity, adding:  Whether there is a (criminal) case here is still being investigated.  Amin later told Reuters she had been questioned for eight days over her contacts with a person she believed was an Israeli intelligence agent, but who her Shin Bet interrogators told her was in fact an Iranian government operative. A Farsi-speaking man had called her in Turkey, describing himself as an Israeli intelligence officer who wanted to  protect  her from Ankara s security services, she said, adding that they stayed in touch after she moved to Israel. Whenever the man phoned, Amin said, his number came up on her screen with an Israeli prefix. They never met, she said.   They told me I am innocent as I have been in touch with an impostor, without knowing it,  she said.  I have spoken to this man, but I have done nothing against Israel s security.  ",1
12160,"'Day of Rage' - a knife, a fake bomb belt, a death","NEAR RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - I went to the road just outside Ramallah, as on previous days, because that is one of the places in the West Bank where Palestinians have been protesting against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. The 100-metre stretch leads from the city limits of Ramallah to the Jewish settlement of Beit El, and has a filling station and a traffic circle.  Earlier on Friday, which Palestinians were calling a  Day of Rage , I had tried working at the Kalandia crossing point into the West Bank, but the Israelis had thrown tear gas and I knew this would make taking good photographs difficult.  Outside Beit El, a group of paramilitary Israeli police had driven back hundreds of Palestinians who were throwing rocks and burning tyres. I was photographing the protesters, and did not see another Palestinian who apparently emerged close to the Israeli squad from a hiding place near the traffic circle.  I heard the Israeli police shooting, and turned around. On instinct, I started taking pictures, all the time trying to keep well out of the line of fire.  When the Palestinian fell, I could see that he was holding a knife, and wearing what looked like a suicide bomb vest. Israeli police said he had managed to stab and wound one of their number before being shot. Palestinian medics later said the attacker was dead, and that his bomb belt had been fake. ",1
12161,Austria's conservatives reach coalition deal with far right: Kurz,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s conservative People s Party (OVP) and the far-right Freedom Party (FPO) reached a coalition deal on Friday, conservative leader Sebastian Kurz said.  We can inform you that there is a turquoise-blue agreement,  Kurz told journalists, referring to the colors of the two parties. ",1
12162,Man with knife shot at Amsterdam airport; suspect is known offender,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A Dutchman wielding a knife was shot by military police on Friday at Amsterdam s Schiphol Airport and taken into custody, an official said. There were no reports of other injuries.  The suspect in the incident is a 29-year-old man from The Hague,  police said in a tweet.  The man is known to the police in connection with previous violent incidents.  The man had made threats with a knife and was shot at the central plaza of Schiphol airport, an area with shops and restaurants, spokesman Stan Verberkt said.  He was injured and has been taken into custody.  No details of his condition were released. The immediate area around the incident was closed to the public, but authorities gave the all clear and the airport was operating as usual, he said. ",1
12163,"SPD agrees to talks on joining German government, Merkel urges quick action","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) agreed to open exploratory talks on forming a government with Chancellor Angela Merkel, party leader Martin Schulz said, providing a chance to end a rare period of political deadlock in Europe s largest economy. The decision is a painful about-face for the center-left party, whose members fear it risks losing its identity and sustaining further electoral defeats if it signs up for another  grand coalition  with Merkel s conservatives. The SPD, Merkel s junior coalition partner since 2013, was punished by voters in September with its worst election result since World War Two. It initially planned to go into opposition, but was persuaded to consider a new coalition after Merkel failed to form a three-way government with two smaller parties. Schulz said the SPD had a responsibility to consider backing the government to contribute to Germany s stability. But he promised party faithful he would take a new approach to keep the SPD s identity stronger in coalition than previously. He would strive for a  different kind of governing culture  in which ministers communicated more directly with citizens, and demand more healthcare and education spending.  We won t just keep doing as we ve been doing now and there won t be a continuation of the grand coalition we ve had until now in the form that we knew it.  Merkel welcomed the SPD s decision during a speech at a congress of the CSU, the arch-conservative Bavarian sister party of her Christian Democrats, in Nuremburg. She urged quick action on forming a stable government, 11 weeks after the vote.  I have great respect for this decision when I look at the path the Social Democrats have taken since Sept. 24,  she said.  We have a huge responsibility to form a stable government.  Merkel, who met with French President Emmanuel Macron in Brussels on Friday, said Germany needed to ensure its ability to work with France to strengthen the European Union.  A coalition with the SPD is Merkel s only realistic chance of securing a fourth term in office without a new election,    after both her conservatives and the SPD suffered punishing losses in September. SPD leaders hope to sell the about-face to skittish members by forcing Merkel s conservatives to concede a raft of popular worker-friendly measures in exchange for their support, either for a coalition or a minority government. Schulz said talks would not begin in earnest before early January. Party members must still ratify any plan to return to government, meaning a final result could still be months away, even as much of the continent looks to Germany for leadership on euro zone governance reform and security policy. The SPD s desire to extract meaningful concessions could slow things further, particularly if the parties seek common ground on immigration. The SPD wants to retain the right for successful asylum seekers to bring their families to Germany, but Merkel s conservative Bavarian allies, fearing defeat in regional elections next year, are equally adamant it should be scrapped. A poll for ARD television showed that 61 percent of voters would support a renewed  grand coalition  between the conservatives and the SPD. ",1
12164,Austrian conservatives reach coalition deal with far right: source,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian conservatives led by Sebastian Kurz have reached a coalition deal with the anti-immigration Freedom Party, a source said on Friday, paving the way for Austria to become the only western European country with a far-right party in government. The deal, in the wake of an Oct. 15 parliamentary election dominated by Europe s migration crisis, brings the Freedom Party back into government for the first time in more than a decade. A person familiar with the talks confirmed that a deal had been reached shortly after it was initially reported by Austrian news agency APA. ",1
12165,U.S. says it wants Syrian government to negotiate 'seriously' with opposition,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Friday urged supporters of the Syrian government to press it to  participate fully  in negotiations with the opposition, saying a lack of a political resolution in the war-torn country threatened indefinite instability. In a statement, a spokeswoman for the State Department said the United States wanted the government s supporters  to use their leverage to urge the regime to participate fully in tangible negotiations with the opposition in Geneva.   The United States urges all parties to work seriously toward a political resolution to this conflict or face continued isolation and instability indefinitely in Syria,  spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. A United Nations negotiator characterized a round of peace talks that ended on Thursday as a missed opportunity, and he laid most of the blame at the feet of Syria s government. ",1
12166,Forgetful ministers keep Mugabe's name alive at Zimbabwe congress,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s Robert Mugabe may have been deposed as president, but some of the ruling party s senior officials are struggling to stop mentioning the man who dominated their country for 37 years. Two government ministers were left embarrassed at a party congress on Friday when they used the name of the veteran leader when referring to the man who replaced him after last month s de facto coup, new president Emmerson Mnangagwa. Energy Minister and ZANU-PF spokesman Simon Khaya-Moyo chanted  Forward with President Mugabe!  in the native Shona language before hastily correcting himself to  Forward with President ED Mnangagwa . Mnangagwa, who was sworn in as president of the southern African country on Nov. 24, initially sat stony-faced before breaking into a smile when another official whispered to him.  Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa also started referring to Mugabe as the party s candidate for elections due in 2018 before correcting himself. Mnangagwa was endorsed as the ZANU-PF leader and candidate for the top job for the vote which he said on Thursday said could be sooner than expected. Mugabe himself was out of the country. Sources said he visited a hospital in Singapore this week, apparently for medical checks.  ",1
12167,Battle lines drawn for South Africa's ANC on eve of leadership vote,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The African National Congress (ANC), South Africa s ruler since the end of apartheid, faces perhaps the most pivotal few days in its recent history when it meets over the weekend to choose a successor to Jacob Zuma as party leader. The ANC s electoral dominance means whoever wins the job is likely to become South Africa s next president. But Zuma s presidency, tainted by corruption and scandal, has badly tarnished the ANC s image both at home and abroad. The party once led by Nelson Mandela is now deeply divided. Investors will also be watching events closely. Economic growth in Africa s traditional powerhouse has been  lethargic over the last six years and the jobless rate stands near record levels. Political instability, including the questions over who will replace Zuma, has been cited by credit rating agencies as a big  factor behind their decision to cut South Africa to  junk . The two frontrunners in the race are Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, a former cabinet minister and ex-wife of the president, who is backing her.  Ramaphosa s promises to fight corruption and revitalize the economy have gone down well with foreign investors and ANC members who think Zuma s handling of the economy could cost the party dearly in the next national election set for 2019. Dlamini-Zuma is associated with a radical brand of wealth redistribution which is popular with poorer ANC voters angry at racial inequality. Analysts say the outcome of the leadership contest is too close to call and that the bitterness of the power struggle between Ramaphosa and Dlamini-Zuma has increased the chances of the party splitting before the national election. The Ramaphosa camp sees the faction aligned with Zuma and Dlamini-Zuma as having seized control of the ANC and betrayed the values of the anti-apartheid struggle which it led. Dlamini-Zuma s team thinks Ramaphosa would not be decisive enough in addressing the gaping racial inequalities that persist in South Africa - the core of her campaign. Some analysts say Zuma s influence over who succeeds him has been diminished by his travails. The 75-year-old president has faced   and denied   numerous corruption allegations since taking office in 2009 and has survived several votes of no-confidence in parliament. The ANC expects to announce the winner early on Sunday, the second day of a five-day party conference which only takes place once every five years, ANC spokesman Zizi Kodwa said. Party officials insist members will accept the outcome of the leadership vote and avoid a fallout.  We need to take out this item from the conference agenda as quickly as possible,  ANC spokesman Kodwa told radio station 702 on Friday. Disillusioned ANC members have left to form new political groupings on several occasions   the most recent example being the African Democratic Change party founded by former ANC lawmaker Makhosi Khoza this year. In August, Zuma narrowly survived another attempt in parliament to force him from office after some members of his party voted with the opposition. Enoch Godongwana, who chairs a party committee on economic policy, said there had been interactions between the main opposing party factions to prevent the party splintering.  If the ANC collapses, do you have anything in its place which can hold this country together on a national basis? I would argue that at this stage in time you simply do not have a replacement for the ANC,  he told reporters on Thursday. Ramaphosa, a former trade union leader who became one of South Africa s richest people, is seen as more business-friendly than Dlamini-Zuma and the five other leadership contenders. Ramaphosa edged Dlamini-Zuma by getting the majority of nominations to become leader of the party, but it is far from certain he will become the next leader and therefore the likely next president. He is expected to be backed by ANC veterans, labor unions and civil society organizations.   If Dlamini-Zuma wins, a split is very likely, because the Ramaphosa camp views itself as the  old ANC . This is a last attempt by them to regain control of the party from the Zuma faction,  said Darias Jonker, director for Africa at Eurasia Group. Political analyst Ralph Mathekga said he thought Dlamini-Zuma would win the leadership, partly because of her strong support in KwaZulu-Natal province, which is sending the most delegates to the conference. As well as Zuma s support, she also has the backing of the ANC s influential women s and youth leagues.  The rand rallied on Friday on signs that her bid for the ANC leadership was weakened by court cases which will obstruct some delegates who back her from attending the party conference in Johannesburg. As well as electing a new leader, the ANC will choose senior officials such as the secretary general and members of the National Executive Committee. It will also set policy priorities for the leadup to the 2019 election. ",1
12168,Brazil's Temer says pension bill 2 to 3 dozen votes short,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s government has secured between 270 and 280 of the 308 votes needed to approve a bill to overhaul the country s bloated social security system in February, President Michel Temer said on Friday.  It was the first time Temer has said how many votes are still needed to reach the three-fifths super majority to pass the unpopular legislation that investors see as vital to bringing a huge budget deficit under control.  That is the reason why we put off the vote until February,  Temer said at the swearing-in of a cabinet minister who will be responsible for mustering the votes shortfall. The measure is due to be put to the vote on Feb. 19, after the Christmas to Carnival Congressional recess, when it could meet with greater reluctance from lawmakers as the 2018 general election approaches.  The delay has increased market skepticism over Brazil s ability to rein in a deficit that caused the loss of its investment grade credit rating.    Temer s new minister of political affairs, Carlos Marun, said the bill s approval will be his biggest challenge as he takes over government relations with Congress. Marun was sworn in to succeed Antonio Imbassahy, whose PSDB party quit Temer s governing coalition and is split over delivering its 46 votes in the lower house to help pass Temer s pension plan. ",1
12169,Supporters of Hungarian Jobbik opposition party protest over crackdown,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - About a thousand Hungarians protested on Friday against a crackdown on the main opposition party Jobbik which has been  threatened by a record political campaign fine that the party leader describes as a  death sentence  for democracy. Despite the gloomy rhetoric and Jobbik saying it was fighting for survival, support for the demonstration was well down on other similar rallies over the past year. Hungarians will vote for a new parliament in April and Prime Minister Viktor Orban s conservative, anti-migrant Fidesz party is far ahead in the polls, with Jobbik its nearest rival. Jobbik, once on the far right, has turned toward the center in a bid to attract more support and is now campaigning nationwide against Orban, depicting him as the leader of a criminal gang. Orban, rejecting the charges, says his financial standing is  an open book . Last week the state audit office (ASZ) ruled Jobbik had bought political posters far below market prices, breaching rules on political funding, then it slapped a 663 million forint ($2.5 million) penalty on the party. The protesters, waving Jobbik flags and posters deriding the ruling elite, gathered outside the headquarters of Orban s Fidesz party.  What we see unfolding is not an audit office investigation. It is not an official penalty. This is a death sentence with Jobbik s name on it. But in reality, it is a death sentence for Hungarian democracy,  Jobbiik leader Gabor Vona told the crowd. A government spokesman could not comment immediately on his remarks. ASZ chairman Laszlo Domokos is a former Fidesz lawmaker, whom Jobbik and other critics accuse of making decisions in favor of Orban. The audit office denies that. On Friday, ASZ again called on Jobbik to submit information that would challenge its findings, saying it acted fully within its rights throughout the probe. The ruling Fidesz party and the government have denied any involvement in the ASZ probe.  This case has nothing to do with the election campaign,  Orban aide Janos Lazar said on Thursday. For over a year Fidesz has targeted Jobbik, whose move to the center could upend the longstanding status quo of a dominant Fidesz with weaker opponents to its left and its right, said analyst Zoltan Novak at the Centre for Fair Political Analysis. Gyorgy Illes, a 67-year-old pensioner attending the rally, said he used to be a Socialist supporter but got disillusioned as the party struggled to overcome its internal divisions.  This ASZ probe is a clear sign that Orban is way past any remedy. It is a ruthless attack on everything we hold dear. Democracy, the rule of law, equality, you name it,  he said. ",1
12170,Sports sector wins reprieve in EU copyright reform,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Soccer leagues such as England s Premier League and Germany s Bundesliga won a reprieve on Friday when EU ambassadors agreed to exclude them from the scope of a copyright reform that would help make content more easily available online. The entertainment and sports industries have been fiercely lobbying against the European Commission s proposed reform of EU copyright law to make films and TV program more available across borders, arguing it would undermine the financing model of the whole sector. Films and TV program are often financed by selling exclusive distribution rights on a country-by-country basis. Rights to show sports, such as Premier League soccer matches, can fetch billions of pounds.  The Commission has said it is not seeking to force anyone to make content more available online, but merely to make it easier for broadcasters to obtain the necessary rights. EU member states agreed on Friday to exclude all sports events, TV program co-produced by broadcasters and other third parties, as well as content licensed to a broadcaster by a third party. That means that only content produced and financed entirely by the broadcaster will be able to be shown online across the EU after the rights are obtained in the home country. That mostly includes TV shows made by public broadcasters for home audiences, as opposed to blockbuster TV shows such as  Game of Thrones . At issue is the so-called  country of origin principle , which allows satellite broadcasters to acquire the rights for content in their home country rather than in every country where the program is received by satellite. Under the Commission s proposal broadcasters could choose to make their catch-up TV and live streaming services available online across the EU after securing the rights in their home country. The agreement is not final and means EU member states can enter into negotiations with the European Parliament to strike a final deal. The Parliament had restricted the scope of the reform even further, limiting it to just news and current affairs program. The Commission has pointed to the large number of European citizens living abroad who may want to watch content from their home country online without resorting to piracy. It says 67 percent of all films are only shown in one EU country and that its proposal could help free up over 50 percent of own productions from broadcasters like the BBC, should they choose to make it available. ",1
12171,Tillerson: No preconditions for North Korea talks,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday said the United States would not accept any preconditions for diplomatic talks with North Korea, saying the Trump administration and the international community would continue to pressure Pyongyang   We are not going to accept preconditions,  Tillerson told reporters after earlier remarks at the United Nations Security Council meeting on Pyongyang s nuclear and ballistic missile programs. ",1
12172,'Congratulations': EU moves to Brexit phase two but warns will be tough,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union agreed on Friday to move Brexit talks onto trade and a transition pact but some leaders cautioned that the final year of divorce negotiations before Britain s exit could be fraught with peril. EU leaders, who had offered British Prime Minister Theresa May a rare summit round of applause over dinner in Brussels the night before, took just 10 minutes to agree that she had made  sufficient progress  on divorce terms last week and to give negotiators a mandate to move on to the main phase of talks.  This is an important step on the road to delivering the smooth and orderly Brexit that people voted for in June of last year,  May said outside her home in Berkshire, southern England.  There is still more to do but we re well on the road to delivering a Brexit that will make Britain prosperous, strong and secure,  May said, reassuring her party s ardent Brexit supporters that departure is certain on March 29, 2019. Summit chair Donald Tusk said the world s biggest trading bloc would start  exploratory contacts  with Britain on what London wants in a future trade relationship, as well as starting discussion on the immediate post-Brexit transition. A transition period is crucial for investors and businesses who fear that a  cliff-edge  Brexit would disrupt trade flows and sow chaos through financial markets.  The head of the EU executive, Jean-Claude Juncker, cast May as a  tough, smart, polite and friendly negotiator    a polite nod to a woman facing ferocious and complex pressures at home, whose downfall Brussels fears would complicate talks further. Juncker, a veteran premier of Luxembourg, knows  what it s like to be a prime minister in trouble , one EU official said. While there was a  sigh of relief  at the summit table that Brexit talks can move forward, EU leaders said talks on a future free trade pact will not begin until after March   a date underlined by  guidelines  that set out how to proceed as Britain seeks to unravel more than 40 years of membership. The talks will be tough.   We have made good progress, the second phase of talks can start,  German Chancellor Angela Merkel said.  But this will mean even tougher work - that was clear today in the discussion - than we have experienced so far.   Sterling GBP=D3 reversed gains and fell 0.8 percent on the day to $1.3327. Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern went further, saying even a primary school student could see that the  first phase  deal on the Irish border would come back to haunt the talks because it was impossible for Britain to leave the bloc s single market while avoiding a hard border on the island of Ireland.  Our primary school students can see that there is a riddle to be solved,  the Austrian leader told reporters. In more formal language, leaders used the nine-point guidelines they agreed at the summit to support May s call for a two-year transition out of the bloc, which aims to help British business and citizens adjust to life after the European Union. Both sides see it as looking pretty much like membership of the EU without a say in its rules, though there are also a host of issues that will again demonstrate the complexity of Brexit. Leaders reiterated their position that Britain cannot conclude a free-trade accord with the European Union until it has left and become a  third country . And it may take longer than the 15 months from now that some in London are hoping for. Noting a call from Britain s Brexit Secretary David Davis for a  Canada plus plus plus  deal that would go beyond the pact the EU signed with Ottawa, one senior EU official noted that last year s agreement ran to 1,598 pages of legal text.  Nine months on Brexit have produced 15 pages of non-legal text,  he said, adding that even launching trade talks in March would be  quite ambitious , let alone completing them in 2019. In coded language aimed at ensuring that Britain s departure will not set a precedent for others and further undermine the bloc, leaders also agreed to  ensure a balance of rights and obligations  during Britain s transition period. The question of how Britain might continue to benefit from the EU s free trade deals with other countries, such as Canada or Japan, has yet to be settled legally, EU officials said. Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar cautioned that there were  quite divergent opinions  on how a new relationship and transition would look. EU officials are unsure exactly how far Britain should continue to receive the full, unfettered economic benefits of EU membership during a transition after it leaves, even if it loses political representation in Brussels. May, weakened after losing her Conservative Party s majority in a June election, has so far carried her divided government and party with her as she negotiated the first phase of talks. But the next, more decisive phase is likely to lay bare the deep rifts among her top team of ministers over what Britain should become after Brexit. The Dutch, traditionally British allies, said May should explain to voters just what the cost of leaving the EU s single market and customs union would mean for the economy.  It means, for example, that the financial sector of London will have a considerable disadvantage to the position they have now,  Prime Minister Mark Rutte said. ",1
12173,North Korean envoy ignores U.S. call for testing freeze in U.N. speech,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea s ambassador to the United Nations on Friday ignored a U.S. call for a cessation of weapons testing to allow for talks with Pyongyang on its nuclear program and said his country would not pose a threat to any state, as long as its interests were not infringed upon. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson earlier told a meeting of the U.N Security Council on Pyongyang s nuclear and ballistic missile programs that a  sustained cessation of North Korea s threatening behavior  was needed before talks could occur between Washington and Pyongyang. North Korea s U.N. ambassador, Ja Song Nam, made no mention of Tillerson s call in his speech to the session, which he called  a desperate measure plotted by the U.S. being terrified by the incredible might of our Republic that has successfully achieved the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force.   ",1
12174,Turkey wants former police investigator repatriated from U.S.: sources,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s justice minister has told his U.S. counterpart that a former Turkish police investigator who testified at the trial of a Turkish banker in New York this week is wanted by Ankara and should be swiftly returned, ministry sources said on Friday. Huseyin Korkmaz gave evidence at the New York trial of a Turkish banker who is charged with helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions, in a case which has strained ties between NATO allies Turkey and the United States.  It has been requested by our judicial offices that (Korkmaz) be temporarily arrested with the aim of being repatriated, based on alleged crimes,  Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gul said in a letter to U.S. Justice Secretary Jeff Sessions, according to the sources at his ministry.  We expect that the request is met on positive terms and the previously mentioned person be repatriated as soon as possible.  The Turkish government has said followers of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who it blames for last year s failed military coup, are behind the case brought in the United States. Gulen has denied any role in the coup attempt.  I want to point out that a fugitive, a terror suspect facing serious allegations, taking part in this case in your country as a witness is big enough a scandal,  Gul said, adding that the case could cause irreparable damage to relations if action was not taken. Korkmaz told the trial at Manhattan federal court this week that he feared he would be tortured if he returned to Turkey, where he led an investigation involving Turkish officials and Mehmet Hakan Atilla, the bank executive on trial in New York. Gul s letter repeated Turkish allegations of contact between members of the judiciary who have handled the case and members of the Gulen network.  Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu has said the cases showed the extent to which Gulen had infiltrated American state institutions, including its judiciary.  Needless to say, those claims are ridiculous,  Acting U.S. Attorney, Kim H. Joon said last month in response to such accusations.  The case has been handled by career prosecutors concerned only with U.S. law, not Turkish politics, Kim said, adding:  They re not Gulenists.  Prosecutors have accused Atilla, an executive at Turkey s state-owned Halkbank, of working with Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab and others to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions through fraudulent gold and food transactions. Atilla, 47, has pleaded not guilty. Zarrab, 34, pleaded guilty and testified for U.S. prosecutors. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, who has governed Turkey for almost 15 years, has dismissed the case as a politically inspired attempt to bring down the Turkish government. ",1
12175,Australian abuse report calls for end to sanctity of confession,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia should introduce a law forcing religious leaders to report child abuse, including Catholic priests told of abuse during confession, said a report on Friday which detailed institutional abuse, particularly in the Catholic Church. One the country s top catholics, Melbourne Archbishop Denis Hart, said such a law would undermine a central tenet of Catholicism, the confidentiality of the confessional, and warned that any priest breaking the seal of confession would be excommunicated. The 17-volume document from the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Abuse marks the end of one of the world s biggest inquiries into child abuse and leaves it to the government to decide whether to enact its recommendations. The five-year investigation found  multiple and persistent failings of institutions to keep children safe, the cultures of secrecy and cover-up, and the devastating affects child sexual abuse can have on an individual s life , the commission said in a statement. The report detailed tens of thousands of child victims, saying their abusers were  not a case of a few rotten apples .  We will never know the true number,  it read. In a statement, the Vatican said the report  deserves to be studied seriously  but made no mention of its specific suggestions.  The Holy See remains committed to being close to the Catholic Church in Australia   lay faithful, religious, and clergy alike   as they listen to and accompany victims and survivors in an effort to bring about healing and justice,  the statement said. The inquiry spanned religious, government, educational and professional organizations but heard many accounts alleging abuse cover-ups in the Australian Catholic Church, including allegations of moving priests suspected of abuse between parishes to avoid detection. Of survivors who reported abuse in religious institutions, more than 60 percent cited the Catholic Church, which demonstrated  catastrophic failures of leadership , particularly before the 1990s, the report said. The Vatican statement said Pope Francis had made clear that  the Church is called to be a place of compassion, especially for those who have suffered, and reaffirmed that the Church is committed to safe environments for the protection of all children and vulnerable adults.  The Royal Commission report said clergy told of child abuse in the confessional should be required by law to report it and called for the Catholic Church to make celibacy voluntary for clergy, adding that it contributed to child abuse.  I would feel terribly conflicted, and I would try even harder to get that person outside confessional, but I cannot break the seal,  Hart told reporters.  The penalty for any priest breaking the seal is excommunication, being cast out of the church, so it s a real, serious, spiritual matter, and I want to observe the law of the land ... but as part of my identity as a priest, I have to observe the seal of the confession.  A similar recommendation was made during Ireland s 2009 child abuse inquiry, leading to a mandatory reporting law in 2015. Some U.S. states have similar requirements. The Australian report also called for a National Office for Child Safety and national child safety standards, child abuse reporting and record keeping, which would cover all institutions engaged in child-related work. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the inquiry had  exposed a national tragedy  and that the government would consider the recommendations and respond in full next year. Sydney Archbishop Anthony Fisher, said in a statement that he was  appalled by the sinful and criminal activity of some clergy, religious and lay church-workers (and) ashamed of the failure to respond by some church leaders . The inquiry heard previously that the Australian Catholic Church had paid A$276 million ($212 million) in compensation to thousands of child abuse victims since 1980. ($1 = 1.3040 Australian dollars) ",1
12176,Lebanon sets May date for first parliamentary vote in nearly a decade,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon has set a date of May 6 next year to hold its first legislative election in nearly a decade, potentially transforming the politics of a country caught in a confrontation between Saudi Arabia and Iran. Interior Minister Nohad Machnouk signed a decree setting the date on Friday, allowing the vote to go ahead at last. The election has been postponed three times since the last vote in 2009, with politicians citing security concerns, political crisis and a dispute over the election law. Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s coalition government, which took office a year ago, agreed on the new election law in June, but setting the date was held up while officials debated technical details and registered Lebanese citizens abroad. Lebanon s political landscape has shifted dramatically since the last election. Hariri s pro-Western, Saudi-backed political alliance has split up. For the past year he has led a power-sharing government which includes the heavily armed, Iran-backed Shi ite movement Hezbollah, despised by his Saudi allies. Hariri sparked a political crisis last month by announcing his resignation while in Riyadh and denouncing Hezbollah and Iran. He stayed abroad for two weeks before returning, and finally withdrew his resignation last week. Lebanon has a complex electoral system designed to maintain civil peace in a country where Sunnis, Shi ites, Christians and Druze fought numerous civil wars since independence in 1943. The 128-seat parliament includes 64 Christians apportioned among seven denominations, and 64 Muslims, including equal numbers of Sunnis and Shi ites. The country is divided into districts that each vote for multiple lawmakers according to strict religious quotas. The president must be a Maronite Christian, the prime minister a Sunni Muslim and the parliament speaker a Shi ite Muslim, representing the three biggest groups in parliament. The international community has repeatedly stressed the importance of Lebanon holding timely elections to restore confidence in its institutions and maintain stability. Machnouk said Lebanese abroad would be able to vote on April 22 and 28. ",1
12177,Mexico enshrines army's role in drug war with divisive law,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s Congress on Friday approved a law that enshrines the use of the army in the country s long war against drug cartels, overriding protests from the United Nations rights body and activists who fear it will encourage abuses by the military. The ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party and some members of the center-right opposition National Action Party backed the bill, which now will head to President Enrique Pena Nieto s desk to be signed into law. Known as the Law of Internal Security, the bill establishes rules for the military s role in battling drug gangs, a conflict that has claimed well over 100,000 lives in the last decade. The military has been mired in several human rights scandals, including extra-judicial killings of suspected gang members and the 2014 disappearance of 43 students near an army base. Supporters of the legislation say it will set out clear rules that limit the use of soldiers to fight crime. Rights groups are not convinced, saying the bill empowers security forces instead of improving the police and could usher in greater abuses and impunity. The United Nations, Amnesty International and Mexican human rights organizations all lobbied lawmakers not to pass the bill. ",1
12178,EU gives itself June deadline for deal on refugees,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders appealed for unity in a last-ditch effort to break their deadlock on sharing out refugees by June, telling reluctant eastern states they could otherwise be outvoted on a dispute that has shaken the bloc s foundations. Coming out from a fraught discussion among 28 EU leaders that went into the small hours on Friday morning in Brussels, rivals in the two-year-old dispute all stuck to their guns, hemmed in by expectations they have raised with their own voters. The Mediterranean frontline states Italy and Greece, and the rich destination countries including Germany, Sweden, Belgium, France, Luxembourg and the Netherlands are demanding that all countries host some refugees as a way to demonstrate solidarity. Their four ex-communist peers Poland, Slovakia, Hungary and the Czech Republic refuse to accept people from the mostly-Muslim Middle East and North Africa, saying that would threaten their security after a raft of Islamic attacks in Europe.   There are areas where there is no solidarity and this is something I find unacceptable,  German Chancellor Angela Merkel told reporters. At one point during the two days of talks in Brussels, cameras caught Merkel, the bloc s paramount national leader, as she appeared to become agitated when talking with the leaders  chairman, Donald Tusk, making her displeasure with him clear. That came after Tusk, a former prime minister of Poland,  came out strongly against  ineffective  and  highly divisive  obligatory refugee quotas, ruffling the feathers of those states that back them as well as the executive European Commission.  The manner in which the principle of solidarity was being questioned does not only undermine the discussion on the refugee issue, but the future of Europe,  Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras told reporters after what he called  intense  talks. Tusk said the ineffectiveness of relocation schemes was demonstrated by the fact that only 35,000 asylum seekers had been transferred from Greece and Italy under a 2015 plan meant to move 160,000 people.  Mandatory quotas remain a contentious issue,  Tusk told a joint news conference with the Commission s head Jean-Claude Juncker, the disagreement between the two playing out visibly despite their usually friendly rapport.  Relocation is not a solution to the issue of illegal migration.   Will a compromise be possible? It appears very hard. But we have to try our very best,  he said, stressing the bloc was in full agreement about making further efforts to tighten its borders and chip in for development and migration-related projects in the Middle East and Africa. After sealing a deal with Ankara in 2016 that cut off arrivals from Turkey to EU state Greece, the bloc is now pushing to stem African immigration to Italy through Libya.  Tusk, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte and other leaders said they wanted to make permanent financing available for such activities in the bloc s next long-term budget from 2021. But it is the feud over how to share the burden of caring for those refugees who still make it to Europe that has weakened the bloc s cohesion and undermined member states  trust in each other at a time they need unity to face Brexit. After many months of letting the open wound fester, the backers of quotas made clear they want to move on and would vote on the broader reform of the bloc s asylum system by majority if no compromise acceptable for all is found by June on relocation.   I am not a fan of qualified majority decision-taking but... it can be used,  Juncker said.  Some of our colleagues were openly saying yesterday night that if there is no progress, they will propose qualified majority decision-making procedure.  That would inevitably deepen divisions in the EU and the four eastern states warned that the bloc would shoot itself in the foot should it go down this track.  The only proposal the EU has on the table on asylum reform has most recently been updated by Estonia and attempts to bridge the divide by proposing that any relocation of asylum-seekers from one EU state to another, while obligatory at times of extremely high arrivals, would in fact only take place if both involved agreed voluntarily to the terms. Diplomats in Brussels hoped Italy would be more willing to compromise after it holds elections, most likely in March, and said Germany could reassume the lead on the file after it forms a ruling coalition following an election last September. A senior EU diplomat from one of the pro-quota countries said they would seek to break the united front of the four eastern states to bring down the number of countries that would eventually be defeated in a vote if everything else fails.  ",1
12179,Mexico's Senate picks new electoral prosecutor amid graft spat,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s Senate on Friday named the country s new top prosecutor for election-related crimes, after the official previously in the post was fired amid a graft scandal involving a close former aide of President Enrique Pena Nieto. Hector Marcos Diaz, a lawyer and academic with a long career in Mexico s electoral bodies, was approved as the newest prosecutor for electoral crimes with 92 senators  votes, the Senate said in a statement.    The previous incumbent, Santiago Nieto, was fired by Mexico s acting attorney general in October on the grounds that he broke a code of conduct for officials.   Nieto had given a newspaper interview in which he accused Emilio Lozoya, the former boss of state oil firm Pemex and a senior member of the president s 2012 campaign team, of writing to him to ask that he be declared innocent of funneling cash from Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht into Pena Nieto s campaign. Odebrecht is at the heart of a Brazilian bribery and kickback probe, known as Lava Jato or Car Wash, that has reverberated across Latin America. The ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) has been trying to shake a reputation for graft that threatens to undermine the party s efforts to stay in power in next July s presidential election. The firing of Nieto was widely seen as a setback to those efforts.  The PRI has overseen the arrest of various former state governors, but Lozoya poses a more difficult challenge, given his proximity to the president. Both Pena Nieto and Lozoya have denied involvement in any wrongdoing related to the 2012 campaign. ",1
12180,"Israeli troops kill four Palestinians, wound 160 in protests over Jerusalem","GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops shot dead four Palestinians and wounded 150 others with live fire on Friday, medical officials said, as protests over U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital entered a second week. Most of the casualties were on the Gaza Strip border, where thousands of Palestinians gathered to hurl rocks at Israeli soldiers beyond the fortified fence. Medics said two protesters, one of them wheelchair-bound, were killed and 150 wounded. In the occupied West Bank, another area where Palestinians are seeking statehood along with adjacent East Jerusalem, medics said two protesters were killed and 10 wounded by Israeli gunfire. One of the dead was a man who Israeli police troopers said was shot after he stabbed a member of their unit. Reuters witnesses said the Palestinian held a knife and wore what looked like a bomb belt. A Palestinian medic who helped evacuate the man for treatment said the belt was fake.  Palestinians   and the wider Arab and Muslim world   were incensed at Trump s Dec. 6 announcement, which reversed decades of U.S. policy reticence on Jerusalem, a city where both Israel and the Palestinians want sovereignty.  Washington s European allies and Russia have also voiced worries about Trump s decision. Gaza s dominant Hamas Islamists, which reject coexistence with Israel, called last week for a new Palestinian uprising, but any such mass-mobilisation has yet to be seen in the West Bank or East Jerusalem.      There have been almost nightly Gazan rocket launches into Israel, so far without casualties. Israel has responded with air strikes on Hamas facilities, one of which killed two gunmen. The Israeli military said that, on Friday, about 3,500 Palestinians demonstrated near the Gaza border fence.  During the violent riots IDF (Israel Defence Force) soldiers fired selectively towards main instigators,  the military said in a statement. A military spokeswoman had no immediate comment on the wheelchair-bound protestor, Ibrahim Abu Thuraya. Abu Thuraya, 29, was a regular at such demonstrations. In media interviews, he said he had lost both his legs in a 2008 Israeli missile strike in Gaza. In the West Bank, the Israeli military said that about 2,500 Palestinians took part in riots, rolling flaming tires and throwing fire bombs and rocks at soldiers and border police. Israel captured East Jerusalem, an area laden with Jewish, Muslim and Christian shrines, from Jordan in the 1967 war and later annexed it in a move not recognized internationally. Palestinians hope that part of the city will be the capital of a future independent state and Palestinian leaders say Trump s move is a serious blow to a moribund peace process. Israel has welcomed Trump s announcement as recognizing political reality and biblical Jewish roots in Jerusalem. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is scheduled to visit Israel, as well as Egypt, next week. ",1
12181,Trump aide Greenblatt heads to Israel after Jerusalem announcement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump s U.S. Middle East peace negotiator Jason Greenblatt will return to Israel next week for talks related to the peace efforts, a senior administration official said on Friday. The trip is Greenblatt s first to the region since Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, which created an international uproar. Greenblatt, whose title is special representative for international negotiations, will meet with Fernando Gentilini, the European Union s special representative to the Middle East and stay for U.S. Vice President Mike Pence s trip to Israel later in the week, the official said. ",1
12182,Britain's Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to marry on May 19,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Prince Harry and his American fianc e, Meghan Markle, will marry on Saturday May 19, his office Kensington Palace said on Friday. Queen Elizabeth s grandson, fifth-in-line to the throne, and Markle, who stars in the U.S. TV legal drama  Suits , announced their engagement last month with the marriage to take place in St George s Chapel at Windsor Castle.  His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales and Ms. Meghan Markle will marry on 19th May 2018,  Kensington Palace said in a statement.  The couple said they had chosen to marry in Windsor, west of London, because it was  a special place for them , having spent time there regularly since they met in July 2016 after being introduced through a mutual friend.  Harry s 91-year-old grandmother, Elizabeth, will attend the ceremony. However, the date they have chosen clashes with English soccer s FA Cup Final which is usually attended by Harry s elder brother Prince William who, as President of the Football Association, awards the trophy to the winners.  The couple of course want the day to be a special, celebratory moment for their friends and family,  Harry s Communications Secretary Jason Knauf said last month.  They also want the day to be shaped so as to allow members of the public to feel part of the celebrations too and are currently working through ideas for how this might be achieved.  The wedding is likely to attract huge attention across the world, as did the marriage of William to his wife Kate in 2011 which was watched by an estimated two billion people. The royal family have said they will pay for the core aspects of the wedding, such as the church service and reception. Markle, 36, who attended a Catholic school as a child but identifies as a Protestant, will be baptized and confirmed into the Church of England before the wedding. She intends to become a British citizen, though she will retain her U.S. citizenship while she goes through the process. The Gothic St George s Chapel is located in the grounds of Windsor Castle, which has been the family home of British kings and queens for almost 1,000 years. Within the chapel are the tombs of ten sovereigns, including Henry VIII and his third wife Jane Seymour, and Charles I. On Wednesday, Kensington Palace announced Markle would join the queen and other senior Windsors for their family Christmas celebrations at her Sandringham estate in eastern England in what commentators said was a break with royal protocol under which such an invitation would normally only be extended to Markle after the wedding. ",1
12183,Ethiopian ex-official gets Dutch life sentence for war crimes,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Dutch judges jailed a onetime aide to Ethiopia s former communist ruler Mengistu Haile Mariam for life on Friday for war crimes carried out during Ethiopia s  Red Terror  purges of the 1970s, including the execution of 75 prisoners. Eshetu Alemu, 63, was found guilty at his trial in the Hague of ordering the 1978 killing of camp detainees - many of them under 18 years of age - who were taken from their cells and strangled with ropes in a church. In the hearings held under Dutch universal jurisdiction, Alemu, a former Mengistu regional representative, was convicted of all charges brought by prosecutors, including arbitrary detention, inhumane treatment, torture and mass murder.  The fact that the majority of victims were children younger than 18 makes the crimes all the more cruel,  said presiding judge Mariette Renckens. Alemu came to the Netherlands as an asylum seeker in 1990 and had been in custody since 2015. He has pleaded not guilty to the charges but was not present when the verdict was read out. Negus Gebeyehu, a prisoner in a camp under Alemu s control, gave an emotional speech in the Hague court following the verdict as other victims cheered.  Justice has been done for Ethiopia,  he said.  I was imprisoned as a young man and I survived. This is also the day for us to forgive.  An Ethiopian court had sentenced Alemu to death in absentia in 2007 for his role in the  Red Terror , which Mengistu s communist military junta conducted after Ethiopian emperor, Haile Selassie, was ousted in 1974. Mengistu was found guilty in absentia of genocide in the same trial in 2007, where he and top members of his military government were accused of killing thousands during his 17-year rule.  Today s verdict shows perpetrators that the Netherlands will not be a safe haven,  Jirko Patist of the national prosecutor s office said. The Netherlands is one of the European countries that has established an international crimes prosecution unit to prosecute alleged war criminals residing in the Netherlands even if their crimes were committed abroad. ",1
12184,"French investigators piece together deadly train, bus collision","PARIS (Reuters) - Investigators on Friday reconstructed the seconds before a train plowed into a school bus at a level crossing in southern France and killed at least five children, an incident the prime minister described as  horrific .  The collision on Thursday afternoon ripped the bus apart and authorities worked into the night to identify the first victims. The official death toll came after a source close to the investigation earlier said six youngsters had lost their lives in an incident that stunned the small community of Millas, near Perpignan.  Hospitals appealed for blood to help them treat seven others who remain in a critical condition. Government spokesman Benjamin Griveaux said the cause of the crash was still unclear. It occurred at a crossing which was not considered dangerous. Investigators are looking into whether the automatic barriers and lights on the level crossing malfunctioned and have taken blood samples from the driver for toxicology studies, French media reported. The driver, a 49-year-old woman who was injured in the collision, was described  lucid  by the manager of the bus company in an interview with BFM TV. The bus was well maintained, he added. The train was carrying 25 passengers and traveling at 80 kmh, the regulatory speed for the section of track where the collision occurred, the national SNCF railway said.  ",1
12185,Japan says North Korea not interested in meaningful talks,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Japan s Foreign Minister Taro Kono told the United Nations Security Council on Friday that North Korea was  nowhere near ready  to abandon its nuclear and missile programs and was not interested in a meaningful dialogue.  He noted that North Korea s intercontinental ballistic missile launch last month came 75 days after its previous tests.  Some optimistic views labeled 75 days of silence as a positive signal. However, the missile launch in November made it clear that North Korea was continuing to relentlessly develop its nuclear and missile programs even while they were seemingly silent,  he told the 15-member council.  ",1
12186,Erdogan says Turkey seeking to annul Trump decision on Jerusalem at U.N.,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey is launching an initiative at the United Nations to annul a decision by the United States to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, President Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday. Erdogan was speaking two days after a Muslim leaders meeting in Istanbul condemned U.S. President Donald Trump s decision, calling on the world to respond by recognizing East Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine.   We will work for the annulment of this unjust decision firstly at the UN Security Council, and if a veto comes from there, the General Assembly,  Erdogan told crowds gathered in the central Anatolian city of Konya via teleconference. The United States is a permanent Security Council member with veto powers, meaning any move to overturn Washington s decision at the council would certainly be blocked. Jerusalem, revered by Jews, Christians and Muslims alike, is home to Islam s third holiest site and has been at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in 1967 and later annexed it in an action not recognized internationally. Trump s decision broke with decades of U.S. policy and international consensus that the city s status must be left to Israeli-Palestinian talks, leading to harsh criticisms from Muslim countries and Israel s closest European allies, who have also rejected the move.  A communique issued after Wednesday s summit of more than 50 Muslim countries, including U.S. allies, said they considered Trump s move to be a declaration that Washington was withdrawing from its role  as sponsor of peace  in the Middle East. Asked about the criticism during an interview with Israel s Makor Rishon daily, the U.S. ambassador to Israel said Trump had done  what is good for America .  President Trump...does not intend to reverse himself, despite the various condemnations and declarations,  Ambassador David Friedman said. ",1
12187,France cautious over U.S. 'evidence' on Iran weaponry in Yemen,"PARIS (Reuters) - France reacted cautiously on Friday to U.S. evidence which allegedly proved Iran supplied weapons to Houthi militia in Yemen, saying it was still studying information at its disposal and the United Nations had yet to draw any conclusions. The United States on Thursday presented for the first time pieces of what it said were Iranian weapons supplied to the Houthis, describing it as conclusive evidence that Tehran was violating U.N. resolutions.  The arms included charred remnants of what the Pentagon said was an Iranian-made short-range ballistic missile fired from Yemen on Nov. 4 at King Khaled International Airport outside Saudi Arabia s capital Riyadh, as well as a drone and an anti-tank weapon recovered in Yemen by the Saudis. When asked whether Paris believed that evidence was irrefutable, foreign ministry deputy spokesman Alexandre Giorgini declined to respond directly.  The United Nations secretariat has not, at this stage, drawn any conclusions. France continues to examine the information at its disposal,  he said. Tensions between Iran and France have increased in recent weeks after President Emmanuel Macron said Tehran should be less aggressive in the region and clarify its ballistic missile program. Giorgini said France remained concerned by Iran s ballistic missile program and urged it to abide fully by U.N. Security Council resolution 2231. Resolution 2231, which enshrined the landmark nuclear deal with world powers, calls on Iran not to undertake activities related to missiles capable of delivering nuclear bombs, including launches using such technology. It stops short of explicitly barring such activity. France s foreign minister is due in Washington on Monday to in part to discuss Iran and will travel to Tehran at the start of January.  (Corrects spelling of spokesman surname) ",1
12188,South Sudan's Kiir promotes three generals facing U.N. sanctions,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - South Sudan s president has given top jobs to three generals facing U.N. sanctions over alleged violations during a four-year-old civil war. Campaign group Human Rights Watch called the promotions  a slap in the face of justice  - but the presidency said the three men were good officers who had been falsely accused.   In a decree read out on state radio late on Thursday, President Salva Kiir appointed Marial Chanuong as his new head of army operations, training and intelligence, and Santino Deng Wol as the head of ground forces.  Gabriel Jok Riak was named deputy chief of defense.  The U.N. Security Council imposed travel bans and asset freezes on the three and others in 2015. It accused Chanuong of commanding troops who led the slaughter of Nuer civilians in and around (the capital) Juba  in December 2013, including hundreds it said were reportedly buried in mass graves.    I am in my country. I can do anything in my own country,  Chanuong told Reuters Friday. The United Nations said Wol commanded troops who killed children, women and old men during a 2015 offensive, while Riak violated a ceasefire in early 2014.   Kiir s spokesman, Ateny Wek Ateny, said the three generals were  very genuine, obedient commanders  who had been falsely accused. But Human Rights Watch said the announcement, made on the eve of the fourth anniversary of the war s outbreak, showed the impunity enjoyed by commanders accused of abuses.    Having these people nominated to new positions is a slap in the face of justice and a slap in the face of the international community,  the organization s Jonathan Pednault told Reuters. South Sudan plunged into civil war in December 2013 when a political crisis escalated into fighting between forces loyal to Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, and rebels allied with his former deputy Riek Machar, a Nuer.     The conflict has reopened ethnic fault lines and spread across the country, where more than a dozen armed groups are battling for land, resources, revenge, and power amid widespread reports of rape, murder and torture.     Several ceasefires have been agreed but broken. Tens of thousands have been killed since the war broke out.  ",1
12189,U.N. concerned about shelling in ethnically-mixed Iraqi town,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations human rights office is seriously concerned about the shelling of residential areas in Iraq s northern town of Tuz Khurmatu in which civilians were killed, a U.N. spokeswoman said on Friday. It was not clear who was doing the shelling, which took place on Dec. 9 and 12 and came from the mountains overlooking the area, the spokeswoman, Liz Throssell, told a regular U.N. briefing in Geneva.  Iraqi forces are still working to discover the exact locations from which the shelling has come and the identity of those responsible,  she said. The shelling of the ethnically-mixed town happened after many of its Kurdish population was displaced following clashes with Turkmen paramilitary groups.  Tuz Khurmatu is made up of Turkmen, Kurds and Arabs located 75 km (47 miles) south of the oil-rich city of Kirkuk. It came under the full control of Iraqi government forces and mostly Iran-backed Shi ite paramilitaries known as Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF) in October.  It had been under control of Kurdish Peshmerga fighters since 2014.  Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) unilaterally held an independence referendum on Sept. 25 and Kurds voted overwhelmingly to secede, defying Baghdad and alarming neighboring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities. The referendum was held in Kurdish areas and disputed territories claimed by both Baghdad and Erbil. The Iraqi government responded by seizing Kurdish-held Kirkuk and other territory disputed between the Kurds and the central government, including Tuz Khurmatu.  It also banned direct flights to Kurdistan and demanded control over border crossings. Clashes broke out between the Peshmerga and Turkmen PMF units in recent weeks, Throssell said, leaving an unconfirmed number of deaths from both groups.  U.N. human rights officers visited the town on Dec. 7 and 14 to investigate reports of the burning of homes and looting of businesses and found some 150 premises burned. Thousands of residents, mainly Kurds, left for the KRG, and many have not returned. ",1
12190,"Despite failed round, U.N. Syria talks only viable peace effort, France says","PARIS (Reuters) - France on Friday firmly backed U.N.-led peace talks on Syria in Geneva and said the responsibility of the failed negotiations since the end of November fell entirely on the government delegation.  A round of Syria peace talks that ended on Thursday was a big missed opportunity, but there may be more talks in January if ideas can be found to encourage President Bashar al-Assad s government to engage, U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura said on Thursday.   There is no alternative to a negotiated political solution agreed by both parties under the auspices of the United Nations,  deputy foreign ministry spokesman Alexandre Georgini told reporters in a daily briefing, reiterating Paris  support for de Mistura.  We deplore the attitude of the Syrian regime, which has refused to engage in the discussion. The Syrian regime is responsible for the lack of progress in the negotiations,  he said.  ",1
12191,Pakistani top court rejects bid to bar opposition leader Imran Khan,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s Supreme Court cleared opposition leader Imran Khan on Friday of accusations of failing to declare assets, but barred his party s secretary general from parliament. The top court dismissed a petition to disqualify the cricket hero as an MP, months after his rival, former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, was removed from parliament by the court on similar charges.  No dishonesty or omission can be attributed to (Khan). This petition has no merits and is hereby dismissed,  Chief Justice Saqib Nisar told the court.  The ruling on Khan was hailed as a vindication by his opposition party, Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), which will face off against Sharif s ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz in elections next year. Khan had led the legal drive that led to Sharif being disqualified in July over unreported income and the opening of a  criminal corruption case against the former prime minister. A lawmaker from Sharif s ruling party filed a separate complaint late last year alleging Khan and PTI secretary general Jahangir Tareen owned offshore companies and had not disclosed their assets. The Supreme Court disqualified Tareen.  The respondent is declared not to be an honest person. He ceased to be member of the parliament. The respondent is disqualified,  Nisar said of Tareen. PTI spokesman Naeem Ul Haq said the party was disappointed with that judgment. Tareen himself was not immediately available for comment.  I gave 60 documents to the Supreme Court ... Nawaz Sharif, took 300 billion rupees out of this country which he has to answer for ... and for that he produced only one document,  Khan said at a press briefing after the verdict was announced. A senior PML-N leader, Miftah Ismial, told Reuters the party questioned details of the court s ruling, but accepted it as final. ",1
12192,U.N. asks urgent reforms to end arbitrary detention in Sri Lanka,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - The United Nations on Friday urged the Sri Lankan government to urgently implement reforms to end war-time arbitrary detention and strengthen independent monitoring of tough legislation. Sri Lanka has used the 1979 Prevention of Terrorism Act (PTA) to pursue a tough line to prevent aiding and abetting terrorism in the island nation s long conflict with Tamil Tiger rebels. That legislation gives wide powers to police to arrest a suspect without informing the immediate family, restricts access to lawyers and allows detention of up to 18-months without charging. The war ended in 2009, but the government has not repealed PTA, though it had promised to end arbitrary detentions. Many ethnic minority Tamils who have been arrested under the PTA have complained of years of detention without being charged. The U.N. is now asking Sri Lanka to repeal the draconian law and introduce an internationally acceptable law. The government says it has begun moves to replace the PTA and is in the process of introducing new legislation.   There are no effective safeguards against arbitrariness in this context and there is an urgent need to strengthen mechanisms for independent monitoring and oversight, Leigh Toomey, a member of the UN working group on arbitrary detention told reporters in Colombo after concluding a 11-day mission. She said they had identified significant challenges to the right of personal liberty in Sri Lanka, resulting in arbitrary detention across the country. The Working Group also said their attention had been drawn to a loss of liberty among the socially vulnerable, such as children, women, elderly people, people with psycho-social problems and the poor. Sri Lanka is under criticism from the rights groups over its slow progress on the commitments it made to the UN human Rights council following a U.N. resolution that called for post-war reconciliation and an investigation of all alleged war crimes. Sri Lanka ended a 26-year-civil war crushing the separatist Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelan in 2009. The United Nations and rights groups have accused the military of killing thousands of civilians, mostly Tamils, during the final weeks of the conflict. The Tamil Tigers were also accused of widespread abuses during the war, such as using child soldiers and targeting civilians with suicide bombers. In November European lawmakers said they were disappointed about Sri Lanka s slow roll-out of human rights reforms that it had promised in exchange for trade concessions.   A U.N. rights watchdog in 2016 called on Sri Lanka to investigate documented allegations of torture and rape of detainees by security forces and to rein in broad police powers. The U.N. Committee against Torture described continuing reports of abductions, deaths in custody, poor conditions of detention and the use of forced confessions in court. ",1
12193,"In Syria, Russia securing position as Assad presses war","BEIRUT (Reuters) - With the map of Syria s conflict decisively redrawn in President Bashar al-Assad s favor, his Russian allies want to convert military gains into a settlement that stabilizes the shattered nation and secures their interests in the region. A year after the opposition s defeat in Aleppo, government forces backed by Russia and Iran have recovered large swathes of territory as Islamic State s  caliphate  collapses.     As U.N.-backed talks in Geneva fail to make any progress, Russia is preparing to launch its own political process in 2018. President Vladimir Putin declared mission accomplished for the military on a visit to Russia s Syrian air base this week, and said conditions were ripe for a political solution. Though Washington still insists Assad must go, a senior Syrian opposition figure told Reuters the United States and other governments that have backed the rebellion had finally  surrendered to the Russian vision  on ending the war. The view in Damascus is that this will preserve Assad as president. A Syrian official in Damascus said  it is clear a track is underway, and the Russians are overseeing it .  There is a shift in the path of the crisis in Syria, a shift for the better,  the official said. But analysts struggle to see how Russian diplomacy can  bring lasting peace to Syria, encourage millions of refugees to return, or secure Western reconstruction aid. There is no sign that Assad is ready to compromise with his opponents. The war has also allowed his other big ally, Iran and its Revolutionary Guard, to expand its regional influence, which Tehran will not want to see diluted by any settlement in Syria. Having worked closely to secure Assad, Iran and Russia may now differ in ways that could complicate Russian policy.   Assad and his allies now command the single largest chunk of Syria, followed by U.S.-backed Kurdish militias who control much of northern and eastern Syria and are more concerned with shoring up their regional autonomy than fighting Damascus.      Anti-Assad rebels still cling to patches of territory: a corner of the northwest at the Turkish border, a corner of the southwest at the Israeli frontier, and the Eastern Ghouta near Damascus. Eastern Ghouta and the northwest are now in the firing line.   The Revolutionary Guards clearly feel they have won this war and the hardliners in Iran are not too keen on anything but accommodation with Assad, so on that basis it is a little hard to see that there can be any real progress,  said Rolf Holmboe, a former Danish ambassador to Syria.  Assad cannot live with a political solution that involves any real power sharing,  said Holmboe.  The solution he could potentially live with is to freeze the situation you have on the ground right now.   The war has been going Assad s way since 2015, when Russia sent its air force to help him. The scales tipped even more his way this year: Russia struck deals with Turkey, the United States and Jordan that contained in the war in the west, indirectly helping Assad s advances in the east, and Washington pulled military aid from the rebels. Though Assad seems unbeatable, Western governments still hope to effect change by linking reconstruction aid to a credible political process leading to  a genuine transition .     While paying lip service to the principle that any peace deal should be concluded under U.N. auspices, Russia aims to convene its own peace congress in the Black Sea resort of Sochi. The aim is to draw up a new constitution followed by elections.     The senior Syrian opposition figure said the United States and other states that had backed their cause - Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Jordan and Turkey - had all given way to Russia. Sochi, not Geneva, would be the focal point for talks.  This is the way it has been understood from talking to the Americans, the French, the Saudis - all the states,  the opposition figure said.  It is clear that this is the plan, and there is no state that will oppose this ... because the entire world is tired of this crisis.  Proposals include forming a new government to hold elections that would include Syrian refugees.  But  the time frame: six months, two years, three years, all depends on the extent of understanding between the Russians and Americans , the opposition figure said.  If the Russians and Americans differ greatly, the whole table could be overturned.  Russia is serious about accomplishing something with the political process, but on its own terms and turf, said senior International Crisis Group analyst Noah Bonsey.  I am not sure they have a good sense of how to accomplish that and to the extent that they seek to accomplish things politically, they may run into the divergence of interests between themselves and their allies,  he said. The Syrian Kurdish question is one area where Russia and Iran have signaled different goals. While a top Iranian official recently said the government would take areas held by the U.S.-backed, Kurdish-led forces, Russia has struck deals with the Kurds and their U.S. sponsors.  From the start of the crisis, there s been a difference between the Russians and the Iranians and the regime,  said Fawza Youssef, a top Kurdish politician. The Russians believe the Kurds  have a cause that should be taken into account . Damascus, while issuing its own warnings to the Kurds, may continue to leave them to their own devices as it presses campaigns against the last rebel-held pockets of western Syria.  The situation in the southwest is shaped by different factors, namely Israel s determination to keep Iran-backed forces away from its frontier, which could prompt an Israeli military response.  There are still major questions and a lot of potential for escalating violence in various parts of Syria,  said Bonsey.   ",1
12194,Russian ex-minister Ulyukayev jailed for eight years over $2 million bribe,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Former Russian economy minister Alexei Ulyukayev was found guilty of soliciting a $2 million bribe and sentenced to eight years in jail on Friday, in a case that has shone a rare light on infighting among the elite ahead of a presidential election. Ulyukayev, the most senior serving official to be arrested in decades, was found guilty of accepting the bribe last year from Rosneft (ROSN.MM) chief executive Igor Sechin, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin. Sechin took part in an elaborate sting operation on Nov. 14 2016 involving Russia s FSB security service which ended in the arrest of Ulyukayev, 61, the latest twist in what several sources said was a Kremlin turf war.  People have ambitions and they are fighting over them,  said one senior source who knows several of the people involved in the case. Ulyukayev, who denied the charges, said he d been set up. He said he thought the bag with the bribe was a gift of expensive alcohol. He said he would appeal and a source close to Ulyukayev said his lawyers hoped Putin might pardon him if that failed.   The case s denouement comes just months before a March presidential election which incumbent Putin is expected to win. If, as expected, he is re-elected he will be 71 at the end of his new term and is barred by the constitution from running for a third consecutive term. With that deadline looming, turf wars take on extra importance because they could help decide who runs Russia after Putin. The verdict and the harsher-than-expected sentence   Ulyukayev was widely forecast to get a suspended sentence   is likely to be interpreted as a sign that Sechin s place at Putin s side is safe and that he is increasingly influential, something that has alarmed other members of the elite.   We re dealing with a court that has been hijacked by personal interests,  Gleb Pavlovsky, an ex-Putin adviser, wrote on social media. State prosecutors had said that Ulyukayev had asked for the bribe in exchange for approving the sale of the state-controlled oil company Bashneft (BANE.MM) to Rosneft, something he initially opposed.  Boris Neporozhniy, a state prosecutor, hailed Friday s verdict as a sign of  the supremacy of the law,  while a spokesman for Rosneft, the oil firm Sechin runs, said Ulyukayev had been caught  red-handed  and that the evidence against him had been rock solid. Before his arrest, Ulyukayev had been one of the leading figures in a faction of economic liberals who argued for less state control over the economy.      Sechin is widely seen as the main champion of the opposite view, that the state should consolidate its grip, particularly over the energy sector that provides a large share of Russia s state revenue through its two biggest companies, Rosneft and Gazprom. He is backed by others, many of them with a background in state security, who share his view.  Two sources said the way Ulyukayev s trial had been conducted showed that his rivals for influence in the ruling elite had used the trial to try to push back against him.  They did that by lobbying officials for the trial to be held in public, and by leaking elements of the prosecution case to the media, the two sources said. Sechin has publicly opposed the court s decision to release audio tapes of the sting operation. The fact that the trial has been held in public and not behind closed doors showed the limits of Sechin s influence, the sources said.  Ulyukayev, who was handcuffed and placed in a courtroom cage after the verdict, looked shocked and said he had been treated unfairly.  Of course it s unjust,  he told reporters. When one reporter pointed out he d received the minimum custodial sentence for the charges, Ulyukayev held up his handcuffed hands and said:  You call this the minimum?      When asked about the case on Friday, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov declined to comment. Former Russian finance minister Alexei Kudrin, an adviser to Putin and a strong advocate of less state control over the economy, strongly criticised the verdict.  It s a terrible, groundless verdict,  Kudrin said on social media.  It s weak work by the investigation... Many face such injustice these days.  ",1
12195,Multi-summit Macron burns energy in hunt for results,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - If European leaders earned points for the amount of time they spend at summits, French President Emmanuel Macron would probably top the rankings this week.  A two-day gathering in Brussels - with talks running past midnight on Thursday - was merely the icing on the cake for Macron, who had already hosted a global climate conference and a counter-terrorism summit in the past four days.  He certainly comes with a lot of energy and ideas,  one European Council official said of the 39-year-old, who in seven months in office has earned a reputation for burning the candle at both ends, stretching his youthful staff.   We just hope we can find a way to channel it.  The question is, is it delivering results? When it comes to Europe, the report card is so far mixed, although that s not necessarily Macron s fault.  During his election campaign and early months in office, he put euro zone reform at the heart of his program, hoping to work hand-in-hand with Germany and other member states on it. But the German election in September weakened Chancellor Angela Merkel s position and she is still trying to put together a coalition, a process unlikely to be completed before March. Without her, Macron lacks a partner to push things along.    The discussions he wanted to have on ideas like a separate budget for the single currency area have been pushed back, an acknowledgement that the timing is not right. There are talks on migration, security and defense, all topics addressed by EU leaders on Thursday, but progress is slow and halting, particularly on migration, which led to divisive discussions late into the night. Macron, who in recent weeks has made trips to Africa, met Middle East leaders and brokered the return of Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri from Saudi Arabia, is at the heart of all the exhausting debates. He may want to steer a course somewhere between former President Nicolas Sarkozy, whose hyperactive EU style drove some partners to distraction, and his immediate predecessor Francois Hollande, who was at times considered too low-key.  His energy is much appreciated, especially after the blow of Brexit, but he must also try to stay a bit realistic,  said a diplomat, mentioning that Macron had managed to raise the Ukraine crisis, the Middle East, euro zone reform and demands that the bloc offer more social protection to citizens. One problem the former investment banker faces is that getting 28 EU leaders to agree on a single course of action is always hard. When he acts outside the EU bubble, he has arguably had more success. His One Planet summit this week drew new green pledges from corporations and international organizations, keeping the battle against climate change high up the global agenda. An unscheduled stop in Saudi Arabia last month for talks with Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman helped clinch the release of Hariri, who flew to Paris and then back to Lebanon, where he withdrew his resignation as prime minister. Macron has in some ways taken the international reins at a time when several Western leaders are otherwise engaged - Britain s Theresa May is tied up with Brexit, Merkel is bogged down in coalition politics and President Donald Trump s first year in office has been chaotic and unpredictable. His main rival for geopolitical engagement is Russian President Vladimir Putin, who has invited him to be guest of honor at the economic forum in St. Petersburg next May. No confirmation yet of whether Macron will find the time to go. ",1
12196,Trump says U.S. wants Russia's help on North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday that Washington hoped to receive more help from Russian President Vladimir Putin in efforts to convince North Korea to abandon its missile and nuclear weapons program.  The primary point was to talk about North Korea, because we would love to have his help on North Korea. China s helping, Russia s not helping; we d like to have Russia s help,  Trump told reporters. Trump spoke with Putin by phone on Thursday. ",1
12197,Malaysia's Mahathir calls Trump a 'villain' for Jerusalem plan,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Muslim-majority Malaysia s former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad on Friday called U.S. President Donald Trump an  international bully  and a  villain  for his move to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Trump last week reversed decades of U.S. policy by recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, and said the United States would move its embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv in the coming years. The status of Jerusalem is one of the thorniest barriers to a lasting Israeli-Palestinian peace. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent state of theirs to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally. The anger from Trump s decision  will lead to what is called terrorism , the 93-year-old Mahathir told a protest rally in front of the U.S. embassy in Kuala Lumpur.  Today we have an international bully. Trump, go find someone your own size. This (Jerusalem plan) will only stir the anger of the Muslims,  said Mahathir, the chairman of Malaysia s opposition coalition.   We must use all our power to oppose this villain who is the president of the United States,  he said, urging all Muslim countries to cut ties with Israel.  Muhyiddin Yassin, another opposition leader, called on the Malaysian government to not proceed with planned investments in the United States. Last week, Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak urged Muslims worldwide to oppose any recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  Social media users in Muslim-majority Malaysia vowed to boycott U.S. companies, such as McDonald s Corp, following Trump s decision. The chain s Malaysian franchise said it did not support or engage in any political or religious conflicts.         Deputy Prime Minister Zahid Ahamd Hamidi on Friday said Najib and the leader of the opposition Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS) would lead a protest rally next Friday in Malaysia s administrative capital of Putrajaya, media said.   ",1
12198,Russia says Iran nuclear deal breakdown would hurt effort to manage North Korea,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said a possible breakdown of the Iran nuclear deal would send the wrong signal when it came to trying to resolve the situation around North Korea, the RIA and Interfax news agencies reported on Friday. Any attempts to provoke a military scenario for North Korea would lead to catastrophe, the agencies quoted Lavrov as saying in the Russian parliament. ",1
12199,"Canada spy agency settles lawsuit alleging homophobia, racism","OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada s spy agency has settled a lawsuit by five employees who accused their bosses of homophobia, racism and Islamophobia and it will work to stamp out harassment, the head of the agency said on Thursday. The employees filed a C$35 million ($27.4 million) lawsuit in July against the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS), saying they had been bullied for more than a decade. CSIS Director David Vigneault said in a statement that the  settlement was  in the best interest of all those concerned  but gave no details.  CSIS does not tolerate harassment, discrimination, or bullying under any circumstances ... we will be working to ensure that the behavior of all employees reflects the CSIS employee code of conduct principles of respect,  he added. CSIS, which employs 3,300 people, has suffered a number of problems since it was created in 1984. Last November, a court declared it had illegally kept data collected during investigations and threatened sanctions. ",1
12200,Belgian trial of Paris attacker Abdeslam postponed: court,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The Belgian trial of one of the suspects behind the 2015 Islamist attacks in Paris has been postponed, a Brussels court said. French national Salah Abdeslam fled to Belgium after the attacks in Paris that killed 130 people, hiding from police for months before being detained. Days after his arrest Brussels was hit by another deadly militant attack. He is standing trial in Belgium over his involvement in a shootout with police in the days leading up to his arrest. Abdeslam, initially set to stand trial on Monday, has appointed a new lawyer who had asked for more time to prepare his case. The court will set a new date for his trial on Monday. ",1
12201,"From life as thugs to baking, El Salvador's ex-gang members seek peace","SAN SALVADOR (Reuters) - Gang life in the poor Central American country of El Salvador is hard, but for a dozen former members of the feared 18th Street Gang, building a new life outside is no less difficult.   Wilfredo Gomez, 40, joined a gang as an adolescent in Los Angeles, the U.S. city to which his parents emigrated. He said he was enticed by the guns, the girls and the camaraderie of gang life.  He wound up in jail before being deported back to his native country. With few links to El Salvador, he quickly returned to gang life. A 10-year jail sentence for stealing an Uzi submachine gun gave him time to reckon with his choices. Returning to civil society is arduous in the midst of the government s militarized battle against the  maras,  which has  led to claims of rights abuses and, according to police, an average daily tally of 16 dead. Former gang members often struggle to find lodging and work, and may be rejected by their families.  For Gomez and 12 other ex-gangsters, the Eben-Ezer evangelical church in the gang-ridden neighborhood of Dina in San Salvador, the capital, has been a lifeline, offering food, accommodations, and a spiritual second chance.   I ve only had losses being part of the gang,  Gomez said.  I haven t won anything. I lost my youth, which was spent in jail. I lost my family due to my bad decisions. I lost my home, my woman, my son, and I lost the best years of my life due to a pointless ideology.  Gomez now runs a bakery that employs 10 other former gang members.  Now, my fun, my enjoyment, is to see them smile, to have dreams,  Gomez said.  They say they re going to open a bigger bakery, and that one day we ll have our own store and compete against Pizza Hut.  Rejected by a society weary of violence, they nonetheless struggle to eradicate the stain of gang life. In October, police went to the bakery and stripped the employees to expose their gang tattoos. They were arrested on suspicion of illicit association, a crime that carries a 5-year sentence. A week later, they were released without charges. Once known as  The Shadow,  Raul Valladares, 34, is undergoing a painful process to remove tattoos from his face and arms. He has received death threats from his former gang associates because removing gang insignia is punishable by death.  It s definitely cost me a lot to leave the gang,  he said.  But I m fighting to keep going.  Related photo essay at reut.rs/2j5X7Oj ",1
12202,Top Iraqi Shi'ite cleric says paramilitaries should be part of state security bodies,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Shi ite paramilitary groups who took part in the war against Islamic State militants should be incorporated into state security bodies, the nation s top Shi ite cleric said. In a message delivered at the Friday sermon in the holy city of Kerbala through one of his representatives, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani said all weapons used in fighting the insurgents should be brought under the control of the Iraqi government. Sistani s position is in line with that of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who wants to prevent commanders of the militias known as Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF) from using power and clout they acquired during the war in elections due on May 12.     Sistani was the author of a landmark fatwa, or religious decree, which urged Iraqis to volunteer for the war on Islamic State after the government s armed forces collapsed in 2014 and the militants swept towards the gates of Baghdad.  The victory over Daesh doesn t mean the end of the battle with terrorism,  Sistani s representative Sheikh Abdulmehdi al-Karbalai said, mentioning the existence of  sleeper cells .  The security apparatus should be supported by the fighters who took part in the war on Daesh,  he added in the sermon broadcast on state TV, using an Arab acronym for Islamic State.  It is necessary to absorb the fighters in the official and constitutional structures,  Sistani said in the sermon, adding that  the fatwa should not be used to achieve political aims . Abadi quickly reacted to Sistani s sermon in a statement from his office  welcoming his call against using volunteers and fighters in political campaigning . Iraq s Sunni and Kurdish politicians have called on Abadi, who declared victory over Islamic State last week, to disarm the PMF. They say the militias are responsible for widespread abuses including extra-judicial killings, kidnappings and displacing non-Shi ite populations, and in effect report to Tehran, not the government in Baghdad. The PMF says any abuses were isolated incidents and not systematic and that those who committed them have been punished. Two of the most important Iranian-backed paramilitary leaders, Hadi al-Amiri and Qais al-Khazali, announced this week they were putting their militias under Abadi s orders. Their decision to formally separate their armed and political wings could pave the way for them to contest the elections, possibly as part of a broader alliance close to Iran. Iran provided training and supplied weapons to the most powerful PMF groups including Amiri s Badr Organisation and Khazali s Asaib Ahl al-Haq. The Iraqi parliament last year voted to establish the PMF as a separate military corps that reports to Abadi in his capacity as commander-in-chief of the armed forces. ",1
12203,Exclusive: Italy plans big handover of sea rescues to Libya coastguard,"ROME/TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Italy wants Libya s coastguard to take responsibility within three years for intercepting migrants across about a tenth of the Mediterranean even as Libyan crews struggle to patrol their own coast and are accused of making deadly mistakes at sea. Six years after the revolution that overthrew Muammar Gaddafi, Libya is split between rival governments in the east and west while ports and beaches are largely in the hands of armed groups. For a graphic on Italy's handover of sea rescues to Libya, click tmsnrt.rs/2o1wLC6 Migrant smuggling has flourished, with more than 600,000 making the perilous journey across the central Mediterranean in four years. Migrants transiting through Libya often endure appalling conditions, including rape, torture and forced labor.   The Italian plan, outlined in a slide presentation seen by Reuters, shows that Italy and the European Union are focusing on rebuilding Libya s navy and coastguard so they can stop boats. But aid groups say the Libyans are poorly trained and accuse them of mishandling a rescue last month in which some 50 people are thought to have died.  The Libyans return all migrants, including refugees, to Libya even though the situation on the ground there is far from resolved. Italy has been coordinating rescues off the Libyan coast since 2013.   The 30 slides show spending of 44 million euros ($52 million) to expand Libya s capacity by 2020, equipping the coastguard and enabling it to establish its own rescue coordination center as well as a vast maritime search-and-rescue region. It also foresees a pilot project for monitoring Libya s southern border. The project draws on European Union and Italian funds, and needs EU approval.   The plan was presented by the Italian coastguard at a conference hosted by the EU s anti-trafficking mission, Sophia, in Rome last month. Representatives from the EU, non-governmental groups and various Mediterranean navies and coastguards attended the closed-door presentation, said a source who was present. Libya s coastguard has already been pushing further into international waters, often firing warning shots or speeding close to charity boats. Over the summer, three charities abandoned rescue operations in part because of fears of the increasing Libyan sea presence. Arrivals to Italy have fallen by two-thirds since July from the same period last year after officials working for the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli, Italy s partner, persuaded human smugglers in the city of Sabratha to stop boats leaving.  The Libyan coastguard also increased the rate of its interceptions, turning back about 20,000 this year, though it still only stops a portion of the boats.  The crisis remains a major issue in Italy. State shelters for asylum seekers are nearly full, and with elections looming politicians across the spectrum insist the flows from North Africa be stopped, which the new scheme is likely to address. Italy s coastguard did not reply to a request for comment. The prime minister s office referred questions to the interior ministry, which is spearheading the effort to fight people smuggling in Libya and also had no comment.   Each nation has the right to declare its own search-and-rescue zone, and to carry out search-and-rescue operations,  a Defence Ministry spokesman said, citing international law.  Ayoub Qassem, a Libyan coastguard spokesman, said he did not have details of the plan, but both sides recognized the need to cooperate in tackling irregular migration.    Recently the Italian side has been eager to cooperate with Libya because it s more effective than working without Libya   that s natural,  he said.   Italy has supplied Libya with four refurbished vessels so far, and six more have been promised, while the EU has trained about 220 Libyan coastguards. But rights groups and aid workers say partnering with Libya s  unprofessional  coastguard risks exposing migrants to drowning during rescues or to further rights abuses if sent back to detention centers inside Libya.    From the testimony we hear from the migrants, we know that people intercepted at sea have then re-entered the circle of violence and imprisonment and abuse that they were fleeing,  said Nicola Stalla, search-and-rescue chief for SOS Mediterranee, one of the charities still operating off Libya.   Activists also point to incidents such as one on Nov. 6, when crew members of the German humanitarian ship Sea Watch 3 witnessed a Libyan naval vessel draw alongside an inflatable migrant boat.   When people fell into the water, Sea Watch used small rubber speedboats to pull people from the water while the Libyans looked on. Some migrants who climbed on board the Libyan vessel were whipped with ropes, and the Libyan boat sped off with a man still dangling in the water, according to videos shot by Sea Watch and crew member Gennaro Giudetti, who pulled the body of a lifeless 2 1/2-year-old Nigerian boy named Great from the water.     They watched us and shot videos. They even threw potatoes at us. That s not how you save lives,  said Giudetti.    Libya s naval coastguard accused Sea Watch of obstructing the rescue and trying to lure away migrants who had already boarded their ship. Some migrants jumped into the water to try to reach Sea Watch rescuers.   The Libyans said their smaller speedboats, which are mounted on larger patrol vessels and are the safest to use for rescues, were broken.    We have only one or two of these boats and they do not work, so how we can put them into the water?  Qassem, the  coastguard spokesman, told Reuters.  The expansion of Libyan patrols has led to confusion and competition over who should take the lead during rescues. Some charity ships say they have been directed to hold off rescues to allow the Libyans to arrive, putting migrants at risk.   Libya s search-and-rescue region extends 90 miles from shore in some places, and 200 miles in others, Qassem said.   This summer the Libyans notified the International Maritime Organization about plans to take over a large search and rescue region, but withdrew the notification this month, saying it would resubmit a new one soon, an IMO spokeswoman said.   It would be the first time Libya has set up a search-and-rescue region, she said.   The Italian plan proposes helping Libya formally declare such a zone. It would also provide for training, maintenance, new cars, ambulances and buses, communications equipment and clothing.  Full operation capability  is seen by the end of 2020. ",1
12204,U.N. appalled at 30-year sentence for woman under El Salvador abortion law,"GENEVA (Reuters) - A 30-year prison sentence for a woman in El Salvador who said her child was stillborn is appalling, U.N. human rights spokeswoman Liz Throssell said on Friday. The Second Court of Appeal of San Salvador on Wednesday upheld the sentence for Teodora Vasquez, who was convicted in 2008 of aggravated homicide in the death of her child the previous year. Prosecutors said Vasquez strangled the baby after birth. Her lawyers said she suffered health complications and the baby was stillborn. Since 1997, El Salvador has had one of the world s most severe laws against women who have abortions or are suspected of assisting them.  It is absolutely astounding, astonishing, appalling that these women are in essence being convicted of having a miscarriage, having a child stillborn,  Throssell said.   They are basically being convicted for being women, for losing a child and for being poor,  she said, adding that at least 41 other women have been similarly convicted over the past decade or so. The U.N. was not aware of El Salvador jailing any women from wealthier backgrounds under the same law, Throssell said. ",1
12205,Holocaust must be bigger part of migrant courses: German minister,"BERLIN (Reuters) - More emphasis should be placed on the Holocaust in integration courses for migrants, Germany s justice minister said, reflecting heightened unease among leading politicians about a spate of anti-Semitic acts including Israeli flag burnings. More than a million migrants have arrived in Germany in the last three years, many of them fleeing conflict in the Middle East, causing concern that anti-Semitism could increase. German police have reported protesters setting Israeli flags ablaze and using anti-Semitic slogans in Berlin and other cities in demonstrations against U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. In a piece for weekly magazine Der Spiegel, Justice Minister Heiko Maas wrote that the Holocaust, in which the Nazis killed six million Jews, and its significance needed to become an even more important part of integration courses and migrants should be tested on it in the examination at the end of their course.  The lessons from the Holocaust need to be one of the guiding ideas in those lessons and not just some chapter of German history,  he said.  Racism has no place in Germany, so everyone who wants to stay in Germany for the long term needs to be clear that we fight the Neonazis  anti-Semitism and we won t tolerate any imported anti-Semitism from immigrants either,  Maas added. Jens Spahn, a senior member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU), told Der Spiegel he thought immigration from Muslim countries was one of the causes of recent anti-Semitic demonstrations in Berlin. Spahn said incidents in recent days  were related to immigration from a culture in which people are not prissy about how they deal with Jews and homosexuals . Speaking at an event marking the 70th anniversary of the establishment of Israel, German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier said on Friday Germany needed to remember its historical responsibility, including the lessons of two world wars, the Holocaust, ensuring Israel s security and rejecting any form of racism and anti-Semitism.  There s no end to this responsibility for people born afterwards and no exceptions for immigrants,  he said, adding that those who burned Israeli flags did not understand or respect what it meant to be German. In an interview with the Funke newspaper consortium, Israel s ambassador in Berlin Jeremy Issacharoff called for a ban on burning flags.  Anyone who burns flags questions Israel s right to exist,  he said. Stephan Kramer, the head of a state intelligence agency in the eastern region of Thuringia, warned in Der Spiegel that anti-Semitism was becoming  ever more uninhibited  and many Jews were too scared to identify themselves as such. ",1
12206,German SPD leaders vote to start exploratory talks with conservatives,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Leaders of Germany s Social Democrats have voted unanimously to begin exploratory talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives about forming a coalition government, Andreas Nahles, head of the SPD s parliamentary group, said on Friday. Nahles said party leaders would work on substantive issues in the talks, with a party conference in January to determine the way forward. She said the SPD, which suffered its worst post-war election losses in September, planned to enter the talks with an open and constructive attitude with an eye to improving the lives of ordinary Germans.  ",1
12207,Italian woman jailed in Denmark for ordering murder online in bitcoin,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - An Italian woman who ordered the murder of her boyfriend through a website and paid a hitman in bitcoin digital currency was sentenced on Friday to six years in a Danish jail. The 58-year-old woman ordered the murder - which was never carried out - in March, transferring 4.1 bitcoin, then worth around $4,000, to the hitman s virtual wallet, the court found. Bitcoin can be transferred electronically between users without an intermediary such as a bank, making it potentially attractive for buying illegal goods or services. The woman, who has lived in Denmark for 30 years, will be expelled after serving her sentence, the court said. The intended murder victim was present at the court hearing north of Copenhagen on Friday and spoke with the woman after the verdict, the Danish public broadcaster said. ",1
12208,Explainer: What can possibly go wrong? Nine Brexit bear traps for 2018,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders gave a green light to the main phase of Brexit negotiations on Friday after applauding Prime Minister Theresa May s efforts to settle divorce terms for Britain s withdrawal in March 2019. But despite a surge in optimism that the coming year can set a smooth glide path to a free trade pact via a seamless period of transition, 2018 is studded with pitfalls to test the nerves of negotiators, businesses and millions of ordinary folk. This is the theory. EU negotiator Michel Barnier is set to calm worried investors and in January offer May the roughly two-year transition she wants to offer stability while a future trade agreement is hammered out. Like all tempting quick deals, though, it comes at a price and the EU s demands are not ones May will find easy to sell to Brexit enthusiasts. You can keep single market membership, Barnier tells Britain, but you will keep paying Brussels and be bound by all EU rules including ones not yet made, without having a say on making them. Plus, there are quite a few wrinkles that mean  status quo  cannot be quite so simple. Stand by for more long arguments. EU leaders want to agree their common negotiating position on trade at a summit on March 22-23, allowing talks with Britain to start some weeks after that. But while the 27 member states quickly agreed this year on what to demand from London on the divorce   notably money and rights for their citizens living in Britain   they have divergent interests for the future. Close neighbors do a lot of trade with Britain, others further east are more interested in keeping Britain s military muscle on hand than in tariff-free commerce. The EU has done big trade deals before, but none with an economy so big and so close. This might take some time   though time is in short supply. On the other side of the Channel, there is also internal negotiation to be done before trade talks open. Barnier says he understands what Britain doesn t want   being in the single market and customs union, accepting EU court rulings, and open immigration. But, he says, what does Britain want? He s looking for an answer before finalizing the EU position. And May is facing battles inside her own government team, or cabinet, and  with opponents in parliament, where she has a slim majority, on whether quitting the single market and/or customs union is really such a good idea for the British economy. Those keen on Brexit want a clean slate to cut deals with other parts of the world, but many worry about the cost of new barriers in Europe.  One reason her fellow leaders gave May a round of applause over dinner on Thursday night was to offer encouragement for her perseverance, despite deep splits in her own party, in keeping a semblance of order in a Brexit process she did not want. But can she keep it up? A host of scenarios could see May out before Brexit. Dependent on Northern Irish allies after a botched snap election in June, she was defeated on Wednesday in a vote that now gives parliament a final say on a Brexit deal. When her strongest card seems to be that no one else is keen to take on a thankless job with little future, then stability is not a given. Last week s  joint report  with Barnier that unlocked the EU agreement to open trade talks depended on fudging how they will avoid erecting the infrastructure of a  hard  EU-UK border that could disrupt peace in Belfast. Brussels and Dublin will say May must honor a pledge to keep Northern Ireland in  regulatory alignment  with the EU to the south   effectively in a customs union. But she also promised to keep the north aligned with the rest of the UK and to let the UK diverge from the EU. With her Belfast allies determined to avoid any barriers with mainland Britain and pro-Brexit London ministers set on breaking with EU regulations, May faces a tough task agreeing a  framework  for future relations before Brexit. Despite all those problems, both sides are clear that a treaty settling the terms of withdrawal   including as yet undecided and potentially explosive issues such as how they will be enforced   must be ready by about October. That is so the process of ratification in the European and British parliaments can be completed in good time for Brexit in March 2019. But months of negotiations so far have produced relatively little in the way of detailed outcomes, so that target looks ambitious. The risk for both sides is that failure to reach any deal will see a  cliff edge  Brexit in which Britain, under Article  50 of the EU treaty, simply ceases to be a member as midnight chimes in Brussels going into Saturday, March 30, 2019. Without any treaty, that will open up a vast expanse of legal limbo. No one can rule out extending the deadline, though neither side wants it to be long   British Brexit voters want delivery on their referendum and EU states, though they are sorry to see it go, do not want the upset of endless negotiations with Britain.  May s government talks about having a free trade deal ready to be signed almost as soon as Britain leaves   it cannot be signed before. But Brussels says the best Britain can hope for as it leaves is a  political declaration , alongside the withdrawal, on what the framework of a future relationship will be. That will not be legally binding and leaves huge scope for the kind of detailed trade negotiation that usually takes years. Barnier says an agreement, similar to one the EU has with Canada, can be ready by January 2021, when the transition may end. But that uncertainty also creates another  cliff edge . Could the transition period go on longer, with Britain, like Norway today, a taker of EU rules without having a say on them? France and others want that kind of endless limbo avoided, though some in Brussels can envisage an extra year or so. Brexit supporters hate the idea but some of who campaigned against leaving   including Scottish nationalists eyeing a new bid for independence   see a tempting possibility to stay in the Union s ante-chamber before trying to get back in. Cue more furious debate in Britain, and an uncertain response in Europe.    ",1
12209,Macron aiming for eurozone 'convergence' with Germany by March,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Friday he hoped to make progress with Germany on ideas to reform the euro zone by March, once Germany has a new coalition government in place, and agree a  roadmap  with all eurozone leaders by June next year.  Speaking at a news conference with Chancellor Angela Merkel after an EU summit, Macron said a  stable, strong Germany  was in everyone s interests to advance European integration and that decisions would flow from that.  Our aim is to have an agreement in March because at that stage a political step will have been completed in Germany and we will have the capacity to construct together much more clearly on these issues,  Macron said of eurozone reform.  Do I think that we can have a joint position and have joint solutions? I not only think we can, but I want it.  Asked about his ideas for a eurozone budget, Macron said that in his Sorbonne speech in September, delivered two days after the German election, he had not made any mention of a specific size for the budget in terms of points of GDP.   ",1
12210,"Brazil's Temer to leave hospital, return to Brasilia","BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer was cleared to leave hospital in Sao Paulo on Friday and will return to Brasilia in the afternoon, his office said. Temer, 77, underwent minor surgery on Wednesday for a narrowing of his urethra. [L1N1OD2AC] ",1
12211,Austrian conservative-far right coalition talks near finish line,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s conservatives and far-right Freedom Party (FPO) could complete coalition talks as soon as Friday evening and be sworn in on Monday, officials from both parties said. A deal between the center-right People s Party (OVP) led by 31-year-old Sebastian Kurz and the anti-immigration Freedom Party would mark a major victory for a European far-right party after a flurry of elections this year.  We are putting effort into this and we would be happy if it was possible to announce an agreement to you today, but I cannot promise it yet,  said Gernot Bluemel, a close Kurz ally and leader of the conservatives in Vienna.  We hope that we can properly conclude (the last issues) over the course of today. If you want to compare it to a skiing race, we are now doing the last turns before the finish line... I am in good spirits.  Conservative Interior Minister Wolfgang Sobotka, whom local media and a source close to the coalition talks have named as a candidate for finance minister, told ORF radio  a new government will be sworn in on Monday . An FPO source confirmed the envisaged timing for an agreement and swearing-in ceremony, adding a news conference with Kurz and Freedom Party leader Heinz-Christian Strache was planned for 1800 Vienna time (1700 GMT) on Friday. The Freedom Party last entered government in 2000, triggering European sanctions against Austria. Such a step has not been flagged this time around, with many European countries having shifted to the political right. Kurz, whose party won just over 31 percent in October s parliamentary elections, is all but certain to become chancellor with Strache   whose FPO got 26 percent for third place after the Social Democrats   as his deputy. Freedom Party officials are set to fill major ministries, including the interior, foreign, defense, health and social affairs and infrastructure portfolios. This list has been neither confirmed nor denied by party officials. ",1
12212,"Poland gives government key election role, opposition sounds alarm","WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s parliament has passed a bill that gives the government, rather than a panel of top judges, control over who conducts elections, a move the opposition called  satanic . Minutes before midnight on Thursday, lawmakers of the right-wing Law and Justice (PiS) party and their allies approved a bill that allows the interior minister to nominate all candidates for head of the National Election Bureau. The PiS has said its bill will make voting more transparent, but critics have said the real aim is to boost the electoral prospects of the party, which has denied European Commission accusations of eroding democratic standards. The head of the judges  panel, the State Electoral Commission (PKW), said the bill would undermine the electoral process.  De facto, the minister will take decisions, not us,  PKW head Wojciech Hermelinski told reporters on Friday. Poland is already at risk of sanctions from the EU over a PiS judicial reform; Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said on Thursday he expected the European Commission to launch an unprecedented punishment procedure against Warsaw next week.    Hermelinski said Germany had a functioning system where government officials organized elections, but that the Polish government should not leave the independent PKW in place as a  camouflage  without real powers. According to the bill, if none of the minister s candidates meet with the judges  approval, the minister can simply appoint the head of the Election Bureau.   Lawmaker Jacek Protas from the opposition Civic Platform said in parliament that the bill was a  satanic idea  that would give a controlling stake in democracy to a single political party. The PKW head said he would speak to members of the PiS-dominated upper house, the Senate, and President Andrzej Duda to urge them to prevent the measures passing into law. The changes will also require the PKW to appoint about 100 lower-ranking election officials from lists of candidates presented by the interior minister. Those candidates will no longer have to be judges themselves and, as with the head of the bureau, if the PKW rejects all the names put forward, the minister will have the power to impose a choice. The PiS-dominated Senate is set on Thursday to approve the overhaul of the judiciary - the deepest since Poland s transition from communism nearly three decades ago - which the opposition says violates the constitution.  ",1
12213,"Backed by Putin, Russian military pushes into foreign policy","MOSCOW (Reuters) - From Damascus to Doha, Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu has been showing up in unexpected places, a sign of the military s growing influence under Vladimir Putin. In the past few months, at times wearing his desert military uniform, Shoigu has held talks with Syria s president in Damascus, met Israel s prime minister in Jerusalem and been received by the Emir of Qatar in Doha. The defense ministry s forays into areas long regarded as the preserve of the foreign ministry are raising eyebrows in Russia, where strict protocol means ministers usually hold talks only with their direct foreign counterparts. The military is reaping political dividends from what the Kremlin saw as its big successes in Crimea, annexed from Ukraine after Russian soldiers in unmarked uniforms seized control of the peninsula in 2014, and Syria, where Russian forces helped turn the tide of war in President Bashar al-Assad s favor.   That has translated into more top-table influence,  said a long-serving Russian official who interacts with the defense ministry but declined to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media. The Kremlin and the defense ministry did not respond to detailed requests for comment for this article, but three sources who know both ministries well confirmed the trend. The foreign ministry, in a Dec.15 statement to Reuters, said it was baffled by what it called assumptions it likened to  rumors and gossip.   The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the leading but not the sole government department involved in foreign policy making,  Maria Zakharova, a spokeswoman, said in the statement.  Foreign policy making has long become a multi-faceted complex process involving many parts of government. One part of government seizing some kind of monopoly in international relations will not be beneficial and is hardly possible.  The military s increased influence has, however, caused discontent among some Russian diplomats and unease among Western officials about the harder edge it is giving Russia s foreign policy. Foreign policy-making has become more bellicose and more opaque, and this makes new Russian military adventures more likely, some Western officials say.   If you allow the defense ministry a bigger say in foreign policy it s going to be looking for trouble,  said one, who declined to be named because of the subject s sensitivity.  Shoigu s high profile has also revived talk of the long-time Putin loyalist as a possible presidential stand-in if Putin, who is seeking a fourth term in an election in March, had to step down suddenly and was unable to serve out a full six-year term. Shoigu, 62, is not involved in party politics but opinion polls often put him among the top five most popular presidential possibles. His trust rating is also often second only to Putin, with whom he was pictured on a fishing trip this summer.  The military s influence has ebbed and flowed in Russia and, before that, the Soviet Union.  It had huge clout at the end of World War Two and in the 1950s after the death of Soviet leader Josef Stalin when Georgy Zhukov, a commander credited with a crucial role in defeating Nazi Germany, was defense minister.  But the ignominious Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan, completed in 1989, two wars Russia fought in Chechnya after the Soviet Union s collapse, and the sinking of the Kursk nuclear submarine with the loss of all 118 people on board in 2000 left the military s prestige in tatters. Under Putin, a former KGB agent who as president is the armed forces  commander-in-chief, its stock has risen. Defence spending has soared, the military has been deployed in Georgia, Ukraine and Syria and its actions are used to foster patriotism. The military s growing political and foreign policy muscle is most noticeable when it comes to Syria.  After going to Damascus twice earlier this year for talks with Assad, Shoigu was at Putin s side this week when the president flew in to meet the Syrian leader. Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has not visited Syria at all in 2017. Unusually for a defense minister, Shoigu has been involved in diplomatic efforts to bring peace to Syria. In this role he has spoken about the importance of a new draft constitution for the country, met the U.N. special envoy on Syria and had talks with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani. A Western official who has direct contact with the foreign and defense ministries said the Russian military had real heft in Damascus of a kind the foreign ministry did not. There was  strong mutual trust  between the Russian military  and senior people in Damascus, the official said, because  the Russians saved their asses and the Syrians respect that.  The foreign ministry retains strong Middle East experts and continues to play an important Syria role, helping run peace talks taking place in Kazakhstan. But Lavrov s own efforts to secure a U.S.-Russia deal on cooperating in Syria have shown how differently the foreign and defense ministries sometimes think. Lavrov is still seen as a formidable diplomat whom Putin trusts and respects. But Western officials say he is not summoned to all important meetings and is not informed about major military operations in Syria.  The military s other foreign policy interventions include a  role in Russia s alleged interference in last year s U.S. presidential election, U.S. intelligence agencies say. They say the GRU, Russia s military foreign intelligence agency, hacked email accounts belonging to Democratic Party officials and politicians, and organized their leaking to the media to try to sway public opinion against Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump s main rival.   The Kremlin denies the allegations. Other policy interventions included a news briefing in December 2015 at which the defense ministry said it had proof that Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and his family were benefiting from illegal smuggling of oil from Islamic State-held territory in Syria and Iraq.  Erdogan said the allegations, made at a briefing held a week after a Turkish air force jet shot down a Russian warplane near the Syrian-Turkish border, amounted to slander.  The defense ministry s response to the incident was much sharper than that of Russian diplomats, part of a wide-ranging communications policy that has included frequent criticism of  the U.S. State Department and Washington s foreign policy. Other areas of interest for the defense ministry have included Egypt, Sudan and Libya.  Shoigu was involved in talks between Putin and Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir in Moscow last month and the ministry hosted Khalifa Haftar, Eastern Libya s dominant military figure, aboard its sole aircraft carrier in January. During the visit,  Haftar spoke to Shoigu via video link about fighting terrorism in the Middle East. One Western official told Reuters such incidents were fuelling fears that Russia plans to expand its footprint beyond Syria, where it has an air base and a naval facility, to centers such as Yemen, Sudan or Afghanistan. The military s influence in domestic policy-making has expanded too, Russian analysts and Western officials say, with Putin seeking its views on everything from the digital economy to food security. That is in part because Putin, since the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine, has altered the way he takes decisions and widened the scope of what the Security Council, which he chairs, discusses to include many domestic policy questions.  At a time when there s a feeling that Russia is increasingly surrounded by enemies, Putin is consulting the intelligence services and the military more when he takes all decisions. He s meeting them all the time,  said Tatyana Stanovaya, head of the analytical department at the Center for Political Technologies think tank. Stanovaya said that did not mean the military was initiating ideas, but that its opinions were taken into account far more by Putin now than in the past and that it now had an important voice on domestic policy areas. ",1
12214,Catalan election to return hung parliament: poll,"MADRID (Reuters) - An election in Catalonia will fail to conclusively resolve a political crisis over an independence drive in the region, the final surveys before the Dec. 21 vote showed on Friday. The ballot will result in a hung parliament, a Metroscopia poll showed, with parties favoring unity with Spain tipped to gain a maximum of 62 seats and pro-secession factions 63, both short of a majority in the region s 135-seat legislature.  Spain s worst political crisis since its transition to democracy four decades ago erupted in October, when Madrid cracked down on an independence referendum it had declared illegal and took control of the wealthy northeastern region. The standoff has bitterly divided society, led to a business exodus and tarnished Spain s rosy economic prospects, with the central bank on Friday blaming events in Catalonia for a cut in its growth forecasts for 2018 and 2019.  Both the Metroscopia poll, published in El Pais, and a second survey in another newspaper, La Razon, predicted a record turnout for a Catalan election.  But the vote looks likely to trigger weeks of haggling between different parties to try to form a government. Former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont is campaigning from Brussels, where he moved shortly after he was fired by Madrid following a unilateral declaration of independence by the region.  With Friday the last day polls were permitted before the ballot, the El Pais survey - which questioned 3,300 people in Catalonia between Dec. 4 and Dec. 13 - showed his party winning 22 seats. Pro-unity party Ciudadanos, which has backed the minority central government of Mariano Rajoy s People s Party (PP) in parliamentary votes, will win most seats, closely followed by pro-independence ERC. But at a maximum of 36 for Ciudadanos and 33 for ERC, both fall far short of the 68 seats needed for a majority.  The survey s inconclusive split between pro-unity and pro-independence parties would leave the regional offshoot of left-wing party Podemos, which supports unity but wants a referendum on independence, as potential kingmaker. Further muddying the waters, its leader Xavier Domenech favors a left-wing alliance across parties that both back and reject independence.  The La Razon poll, which surveyed 1,000 Catalans also between Dec. 4 and Dec. 13, showed parties in favor of independence winning 66 seats and unity supporters 60, leaving the Catalan Podemos arm with nine.  ",1
12215,U.N. appalled at Iraq's latest mass hanging: spokeswoman,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations human rights office is  appalled  at the hanging of 38 prisoners in Iraq, a U.N. spokeswoman said on Friday, a day after the executions at a prison in the southern Iraqi city of Nassiriya.  We are deeply shocked and appalled at the mass execution,  the spokeswoman, Liz Throssell, told a regular U.N. briefing in Geneva, adding that the human rights office had  huge concerns  about Iraq s use of the death penalty and - not for the first time - urged the government to halt all executions.  Given the flaws of the Iraqi justice system, it also appears extremely doubtful that strict due process and fair trial guarantees were followed in these 38 cases. This raises the prospect of irreversible miscarriages of justice and violations of the right to life.  The 38 male prisoners were convicted by Iraq s judiciary for terrorism-related crimes, she said. She did not have information on their ages or nationalities. In September, Iraq hanged 42 prisoners in a single day, and the U.N. has learned of 106 executions this year, Throssell said. Last year the Ministry of Justice announced 88 executions, but the U.N. believes the number may have been as high as 116. The world body had repeatedly asked the Ministry of Justice for data about prisoners, sentencing and executions but no such information had been provided since 2015, she said. Previously the United Nations had spoken of about 1,200 people being on death row, but it was now impossible to confirm that information, she said.   The Justice Ministry said in a statement on Thursday that all those convicted were members of Islamic State. Officials have said all the appeal options available to the condemned had been exhausted, according to the statement. ",1
12216,Russia detains seven members of Islamic State cell planning attack: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s FSB security service said on Friday it had detained seven members of an Islamic State cell who had been planning attacks in public places, the Interfax news agency reported, citing an FSB statement. The members of the group had been detained in St Petersburg on Dec. 13-14, the FSB said, according to Interfax. ",1
12217,Thyssenkrupp has offered help to Argentina over disappeared submarine,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Germany s Thyssenkrupp, has offered assistance to Argentinian authorities in an investigation into the disappearance of a submarine last month, a spokesman said on Friday. The ARA San Juan was delivered in 1985 and built by a unit of Thyssen AG, which merged with Krupp to form Thyssenkrupp in 1999.  We have offered our support for the technical investigation into this tragedy and are in contact with the Argentinian navy in this respect,  the spokesman said. He said maintenance of the submarine was not conducted by Thyssenkrupp. The submarine went missing on Nov. 15 with 44 crew members aboard in South Atlantic waters. The navy said on Nov. 27 that water that entered the submarine s snorkel caused its battery to short circuit before it went missing. The tragedy underscored what some critics have described as the parlous state of Argentina s military, which has faced dwindling funding for years. German magazine WirtschaftsWoche earlier reported that a delegation of the Argentinian Navy had traveled to Kiel in northern Germany to discuss questions about the submarine with Thyssenkrupp. It did not identify its sources. Argentinian President Mauricio Macri has called for a  serious and deep  investigation into the incident. ",1
12218,EU gives formal green light to new Brexit phase,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders gave their formal approval on Friday to the opening of a second phase of Brexit negotiations with Britain, focusing on a transition period and future trading relationship.  EU leaders agree to move on to the second phase of Brexit talks,  European Council President Donald Tusk tweeted during a Brussels summit that he was chairing.   Congratulations PM @Theresa,  he added, a day after leaders acknowledged British Prime Minister Theresa May s efforts to conclude an outline divorce settlement by giving her a round of applause. ",1
12219,"Kremlin says to defend rights of Kerimov, businessman accused by France of tax charges",MOSCOW (Reuters) - Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Friday that Russia would do all it could to defend the rights of Russian businessman Suleiman Kerimov who has been accused of tax evasion in France. ,1
12220,NATO sounds alarm on banned Russian missile system,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO allies on Friday publicly raised concern about a Russian cruise missile system that the alliance says may break a Cold War-era pact banning such weapons, in a show of support for Washington. The United States believes Russia is developing a ground-launched cruise missile system with a range that is prohibited by a 1987 treaty, which could give Russia the ability to launch a nuclear strike on Europe on short notice.   Allies have identified a Russian missile system that raises serious concerns,  the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation said in a statement.  NATO urges Russia to address these concerns in a substantial and transparent way, and actively engage in a technical dialogue with the United States.  In a separate statement, the U.S. envoy to NATO, Kay Bailey Hutchison, said:  Russia s behavior raises serious concerns.  Russia has denied it is violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. U.S.-led NATO s concerns are likely to further strain relations between Moscow and the West that are already at a low over Russia s 2014 seizure of Crimea, Western sanctions on the Russian economy and U.S. accusations that Moscow used computer hackers to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Moscow denies that it interfered in the election. The NATO statement follows a meeting between Russia and the United States in Geneva this week to mark the 30th anniversary of the treaty between the United States and the Soviet Union. According to an April U.S. State Department report, Washington determined in 2016 that Russia was in violation of its treaty obligations  not to possess, produce, or flight-test  a ground-launched cruise missile with a range capability of 500 km to 5,500 km (310-3,417 miles),  or to possess or produce launchers of such missiles.   Last week, the State Department said it is reviewing military options, including new intermediate-range cruise missile systems, the first response by U.S. President Donald Trump s administration to the U.S. charges. The Russian foreign ministry said last week it was ready for talks with the United States to try to preserve the treaty and would comply with its obligations if the United States did. In a statement marking the 30th anniversary of the IMF treaty last week, the Russian foreign ministry said Moscow considered  the language of ultimatums  and sanctions unacceptable.  ",1
12221,Beijing evictions leave migrant workers in limbo as winter deepens,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Winter is bringing a frigid existence and an uncertain future for migrant workers in Beijing deprived of electricity and heating as they resist a month-long campaign to evict them from the city s urban villages. A deadly fire in a hamlet of ramshackle dwellings on the capital s southern fringes last month prompted a fire safety blitz by the authorities, forcing thousands of the workers out of homes and businesses. But not everyone has left, and a handful of holdouts are preparing for tough times as temperatures plunge below freezing.  There s no electricity when we re coming home. We can t see where we re going,  said Feng, a migrant worker hailing from the southwestern province of Sichuan, pointing to a pile of blankets. Feng, who was willing to reveal only his surname, had been renting a room in a shared apartment block built and run by migrants in Picun, a village in northeast Beijing, until the authorities cut off their power and ordered everyone to leave.  I sold my house in the northeast, there is nothing to go back to,  said another worker, Wang Liping, who said she paid 200,000 yuan ($30,000) to buy part of the apartment block where migrants like Feng rent rooms for a few hundred yuan each month.  I d rather freeze to death than leave here,  added Wang, who is refusing to leave despite efforts to remove her.   The evictions have sparked unusually direct criticism from China s intellectuals, students and journalists, who say the government is unfairly targeting the vulnerable underclass.  Originally it was just a fire, but they used the fire as an excuse to force people young and old onto the streets in the middle of the coldest days of winter,  independent political commentator Zhang Lifan told Reuters. But the city could not do without migrants, Cai Qi, the city s Communist Party chief and a close ally of President Xi Jinping, said during a visit to the migrants this week, in a bid to allay the fears. The capital s need for cheap labor has attracted thousands of workers, even though they are denied official residency permits because of government curbs on internal migration. Migrant enclaves have grown into full-fledged communities today, from clusters of shanty towns. Picun, one of the most developed, has its own literature society and houses numerous aspiring artists and musicians. One young couple living by torchlight in their block said they were considering going to Tangshan, a steel-producing hub in their home province of Hebei, but after 10 years of living in Beijing, they would miss the lifestyle.  To be honest, if it wasn t for all the migrants, Beijing wouldn t be any better than any other city,  the woman, who is surnamed Xiang, told Reuters.  ",1
12222,Middle-class Egypt adapts to survive as austerity bites,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Swapping new cars for cheaper models, cutting back on pricy supermarket shopping and giving up holidays abroad, middle-class Egyptians are finding strategies to stay afloat after a currency reform a year ago sent their living costs soaring. Egypt floated its pound in November 2016 as part of a $12 billion International Monetary Fund loan package, and the currency lost half its value, eroding spending power and pushing inflation to record highs over 30 percent this summer. President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi s government has been praised by IMF and World Bank economists for reform progress and for measures to shield the poorest from the fallout. But middle-income Egyptians say it has been a year of cutbacks, cost saving and crisis management.  Presidential elections are due early next year and Sisi is expected to seek another term. But some Egyptians are finding that their new economic reality is crowding out politics as they struggle to maintain standards. Others are digging deep and insist that despite the pain of austerity, Sisi remains the only candidate to provide stability after the years of turmoil that followed the 2011 uprising that ousted Hosni Mubarak. Overcoming voter apathy may be a challenge if the former military commander decides to run when critics say he will face little competition after what rights groups describe as an unprecedented crackdown on opponents and dissidents.  Low turnout was a worry in 2014, when Sisi won by a landslide, as a popular figure who had overthrown president Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood after mass protests the previous year.  The rise in prices changed things,  said Ayman, a Cairo bookstore owner.  We hoped for good things from President Sisi ... He is a good man and I voted for him, but we are not feeling the progress, all I care about is giving my son a good life, a good home.  Economic reforms have come at a fast pace. The IMF deal called for broad adjustments to Egypt s state subsidies to slash deficits as part of Sisi s promise to revive an economy hit hard by unrest, protests and militant attacks in the last six years. Backed by the IMF and the World Bank, Sisi s government says the overhaul will lead to long-term growth and the return of foreign investment. Officials have adopted programs to provide the poor and vulnerable with cash and other protections.  Still, fuel costs have doubled with two increases in subsidized prices. Electricity prices are up and a new tax helped push inflation to more than 30 percent in July. That has now eased to 25 percent and is expected to fall further soon. But it has been a crushing struggle for some. Hisham Azz al Arab, chairman of Egypt s largest private bank CIB, said those on middle and upper incomes were the most affected by the economic reforms, but it would take time for their impact to balance out for those families.  We saw that clearly in their behavior of spending, it started to change,  he told CNBC.  For the middle and upper class it is a matter of time before income and productivity start to catch up to pre-reform levels.   A 2016 World Bank survey found the middle class represented around 10 percent of the country s population of about 90 million just before the Arab Spring protests. Middle-class activists were among the leaders of the 2011 uprising.  For professionals like Karim, a Cairo small business owner, it was a stark adjustment. Monthly food bills went from 1,200 pounds ($67) to 3,200 pounds ($179). That meant for the first time bargain-hunting for food, giving up luxury goods, and using the car less to cut back on fuel spending. It also meant paying employees more to keep them, while at the same time making sacrifices to keep his children in school.  The middle class has only two options, fall into the lower class, which is hard for them to do, or get more enterprising,  he said.  Everyone is trying to show they are still in the middle class, people want to tell themselves that.  For others, maintaining a middle-class lifestyle has meant dipping into savings and giving up restaurants or even turning to relatives for help with the cost of family holidays.     It s extinct,  said Islam Askar, a contracting company owner, of the country s middle class.  There isn t a household in Egypt that hasn t been hit by the decrease in the pound and the rise in the prices.  Economists say middle-class erosion had been reflected in figures for car sales, the weakness in some consumer stocks and in outbound tourism. For some, like Mahmoud Al-Abadaly, hunting for bargains among the crash-damaged vehicles at a second-hand car shop, politics comes second to cash considerations. A car normally worth 300,000 pounds ($17,000) can be fixed up and had for half that price, he said.  When a car has been in an accident, its price drops,  he said.  Everyone is trying to do this now because they need to save.      But Egypt s inflation outlook is already improving a year after the float, falling to 26 percent in November. Finance Minister Amr el-Garhy said that would fall to around 14 percent by August next year. What impact a year of austerity will have on Sisi s popularity is unclear. He has yet to announce his intentions, though supporters have already started a petition campaign for him to run for a second term. For his hardcore backers, it is time to rally behind him despite hard times.  I will be for Sisi again for the presidency even with inflation, rising prices and the poor state of the economy,  said Ali Abou Al-Saoud, a sales representative. But some of the president s high-profile backers have turned against him, partly over the economy. Turnout may be key for credibility, analysts say, as the government rebrands Egypt as a more stable bet for foreign investment after years of unrest. In 2014, turnout was about 47 percent, less than Sisi had called for. At the time, Sisi was idolized by many, although his support base has since slipped, critics say. However, protests are now restricted by law and secular activists have been rounded up. Other Egyptians say political fatigue has set in.  There is still a strong sense of wanting to maintain and enjoy the relative security,  said Ziad Bahaa Eldin, a deputy former prime minister who now works as an economist.  People are suffering from inflation but they want stability.   ",1
12223,Poland's electoral commission head denounces changes to electoral code,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Changes to Poland s electoral code approved by parliament on Thursday threaten the election process by introducing large new powers of the interior minister in overseeing elections, head of the State Electoral Commission (PKW) said. Wojciech Hermelinski told reporters that the bill approved by the lower chamber of parliament will  incapacitate  the PKW.   De facto the minister will take decisions, not us,  he told a press conference, adding the bill threatened the whole election process. ",1
12224,"While focus is on North Korea, China continues South China Sea buildup: think tank","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - While attention in Asia has been distracted by the North Korean nuclear crisis in the past year, China has continued to install high-frequency radar and other facilities that can be used for military purposes on its man-made islands in the South China Sea, a U.S. think tank said on Thursday. Chinese activity has involved work on facilities covering 72 acres (29 hectares) of the Spratly and Paracel islands, territory contested with several other Asian nations, according to the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative of Washington s Center for Strategic and International Studies. The report cited satellite images.  The United States and its allies oppose China s building of artificial islands in the South China Sea and their militarization, given concerns Beijing plans to use them to deny access to strategic routes.  It s completely normal for China to conduct peaceful construction and build essential defense equipment on its own sovereign territory,  China s foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a regular press briefing on Friday, in response to a question about the report.  We believe certain people who have ulterior motives are making mountains out of molehills and stirring up trouble.  The report said that in the last several months China had constructed what appeared to be a new high-frequency radar array at the northern end of Fiery Cross Reef in the Spratlys. Subi Reef had seen tunnels completed that were likely for ammunition storage and another radar antenna array and radar domes, the report said. Construction on Mischief Reef included underground storage for ammunition and hangars, missile shelters and radar arrays. Smaller-scale work had continued in the Paracel Islands, including a new helipad and wind turbines on Tree Island and two large radar towers on Triton Island. It said the latter were especially important as waters around Triton had been the scene of recent incidents between China and Vietnam and multiple U.S. freedom-of-navigation operations, which the U.S. navy has used to assert what it sees as its right to free passage in international waters. Woody Island, China s military and administrative headquarters in the South China Sea, saw two first-time air deployments  that hint at things to come at the three Spratly Island air bases farther south,  the report said. At the end of October, the Chinese military released images showing J-11B fighters at Woody Island for exercises, while on Nov. 15, AMTI spotted what appeared to be Y-8 transport planes, a type that can be configured for electronic surveillance. The Pentagon has conducted several patrols near Chinese-held South China Sea territory this year, even as it has sought China s help in northeast Asia to press North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons program. On Tuesday, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson  reiterated a call for a  freeze  in China s island building and said it was unacceptable to continue their militarization. ",1
12225,Second phase of Brexit talks will be harder than first: EU's Juncker,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The second phase Brexit negotiations will be significantly harder than an already difficult first phase of talks, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Friday. The leaders of the 27 countries remaining in the European Union will give the go-ahead on Friday for the EU s chief negotiator Michel Barnier to begin talks with London on a transition period and future trade ties with Britain.   I have extraordinary faith in the British Prime Minister. She has agreed with me and Mr Barnier that the withdrawal agreement will first be formalized and will be voted on and then we will see. The second phase will be significantly harder than the first and the first was very difficult,  Juncker told reporters on arriving for the second day of the EU summit. ",1
12226,EU leaders to give mandate for next phase of Brexit talks: Lithuanian president,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders will agree on Friday to move forward with Britain s exit negotiations to prepare a future trade deal, Lithuanian president Dalia Grybauskaite said.  We will give the mandate for preparation for the Commission and ourselves for the negotiations for the future of our relations, that will probably start in March,  she said.  Asked if Britain might agree a trade deal with the European Union going beyond the bloc s deal with Canada, sometimes described as  Canada Plus , she said:  We hope to have a lot of pluses for all sides.  ",1
12227,Britain says West must defend undersea cables from Russian navy,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain and its NATO allies must defend deep sea cables against a potentially catastrophic attack by the Russia navy that could disrupt trillions of dollars in financial transactions, the head of Britain s armed forces warned. The cables which crisscross the world s oceans and seas carry 95 percent of communications and over $10 trillion in daily transactions.  There is a new risk to our way of life, which is the vulnerability of the cables that criss-cross the seabeds,  the BBC quoted Stuart Peach, chief of the defense staff, as saying. Peach said the Russian President Vladimir Putin s modernization of the once mighty Soviet navy now posed a serious threat to Western communications.  Russia in addition to new ships and submarines continues to perfect both unconventional capabilities and information warfare,  Peach said. Russia has repeatedly dismissed Western concerns about its renewed assertiveness as Cold War hysteria, though Kremlin supporters praise Putin at home for putting restoring Russia s clout after the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union. ",1
12228,Russian parliament sets March 18 as presidential election date,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The upper house of the Russian parliament voted on Friday to set March 18 as the date of next year s presidential election. The decision was approved by the Russian senators unanimously, speaker Valentina Matvienko said after the vote. ",1
12229,Russia says open to working with U.S. to try to resolve Libya crisis: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is open to working with the United States to try to solve the crisis in Libya, Russia s ambassador to Libya was cited as saying on Friday by the RIA news agency.  He was also cited as saying that Moscow was ready to initiate the lifting of an international arms embargo on Libya, but that was something he said could only be done once the North African country had a united army. ",1
12230,Russia and Egypt still in talks over resumption date for Russian flights - TASS,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich said on Friday that Russia and Egypt were still in talks to decide on the date that Russia would resume regular flights to Egypt, the TASS news agency reported. He said that Russia and Egypt would discuss the date on Friday and sign documents if they reached an agreement, according to TASS. ",1
12231,Cambodia's Hun Sen challenges EU and U.S. to freeze assets,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen encouraged the United States and European Union on Friday to freeze the assets of Cambodian leaders abroad in response to his government s crackdown on the opposition and civil society. Hun Sen, the strongman who has ruled Cambodia for more than three decades, has taken a strident anti-Western line ahead of a 2018 election and has dismissed donor criticism of the dissolution of the main opposition party. The United States and European Union have suspended funding for next year s election and Washington has put visa curbs on some Cambodian leaders. There is no current proposal for asset freezes by either the United States or European Union, but some lawmakers have floated the idea.  I encourage the European Union and United States to freeze the wealth of Cambodian leaders abroad,  Hun Sen told a group of athletes in Phnom Penh, the capital. Hun Sen said he has no money abroad and any actions by the EU and the U.S. would not hurt him. The U.S. embassy made no comment. EU Ambassador George Edgar said on Friday there had been no decision on further measures by the bloc. The Supreme Court dissolved the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) last month at the request of the government, on the grounds it was plotting to seize power. Hun Sen accused Kem Sokha, the leader of the CNRP of a U.S.-backed anti-government plot. The opposition leader and the United States denied that. China, Cambodia s largest aid donor, has leant its support to Hun Sen, saying it respects Cambodia s right to defend its national security. ",1
12232,China says war must not be allowed on Korean peninsula,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The crisis over North Korea s weapons programs must be resolved through talks, not war, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Thursday, while U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned of the danger of  sleepwalking  into conflict. Xi made his comments to visiting South Korean President Moon Jae-in after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered on Tuesday to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions. But the White House said on Wednesday that no negotiations could be held until North Korea improved its behaviour.  Russian President Vladimir Putin said Tillerson s offer of direct contacts with North Korea was  a very good signal  while warning that any U.S. strike on the country would have catastrophic consequences. Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump discussed North Korea during a phone call, the White House and Kremlin said in separate statements. The two leaders talked about  working together to resolve the very dangerous situation,  the White House said on Thursday. Tillerson is to attend a U.N. Security Council ministerial meeting on North Korea in New York on Friday at which he plans to urge countries to maintain a U.S.-led campaign to pressure Pyongyang to abandon its weapons programs through sanctions. North Korea tested its most advanced intercontinental ballistic missile on Nov. 29, which it said could put all of the United States within range, in defiance of international pressure and U.N. sanctions. The United States has said all options were on the table in dealing with North Korea, including military action.  Meeting in Beijing s Great Hall of the People, Xi told Moon the goal of denuclearizing the Korean peninsula must be stuck to, and war and chaos cannot be allowed, Chinese state media said.  The peninsula issue must, in the end, be resolved via dialogue and consultation,  Xi was cited as saying. China and South Korea have an important shared interest in maintaining peace, and China was willing to work with South Korea to promote talks and support North and South to improve relations, Xi said. South Korea s Yonhap news agency said Xi and Moon agreed war on the peninsula would not be tolerated and they would cooperate in applying sanctions and pressure on North Korea. The apparently warm tone of their talks followed nearly a year of tense relations between the two countries. China has been furious about the deployment of the U.S.-made Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) anti-missile system in South Korea, saying its powerful radar can see far into China. China and South Korea agreed in October to normalise exchanges and move past the dispute, which froze trade and business exchanges. Xi reiterated China s position on THAAD and said he hoped South Korea would continue to  appropriately handle  the issue. Guterres, speaking to reporters in Tokyo after meeting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, said Security Council resolutions on North Korea s nuclear and missile programmes must be fully implemented by Pyongyang and other countries. He said he expected Friday s Security Council meeting would deliver a strong expression of unity and the need for diplomacy to resolve the issue.  The worst possible thing that could happen is for us all to sleepwalk into a war,  he said. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said after meeting Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono in London on Thursday that military options in North Korea did not look attractive and the best way forward was to intensify economic pressure. Both China and Russia have welcomed Tillerson s apparent overture. Putin said a U.S. strike on North Korea would have catastrophic consequences and that he hoped to work with Washington eventually to resolve the crisis. Putin told a news conference that Russia did not accept North Korea s nuclear status, but some U.S. actions had provoked North Korea.  We believe the two sides should now stop aggravating the situation,  he said. North Korea justifies its weapons programmes as necessary defence against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such intention. North Korea s state news agency KCNA said Trump was taking a big step towards nuclear war in seeking a naval blockade and   North Korea would take  merciless self-defence  measures if the United States tried to impose one. North Korea would regard a naval blockade as  an act of war  and a  wanton violation  of its sovereignty and dignity, the agency cited a Foreign Ministry spokesman as saying, while reiterating that North Korea was a responsible nuclear power that would fulfil its non proliferation commitments. It was not immediately clear if the latter remark was a response to Tillerson s statement this week that Washington could not accept Pyongyang as a nuclear power as it was a proliferation risk. Washington has not publicly called for a blockade of North Korea, but has sought tougher U.N. steps, including non-consensual inspections of shipping to North Korea.  Stepped-up U.N. Security Council sanctions imposed in September after North Korea s sixth nuclear test called on states to inspect vessels on the high seas, with the consent of the flag state, if they had reasonable grounds to believe the ships were carrying prohibited cargo.  A tougher U.S.-drafted resolution was watered down to win the support of Russia and China. ",1
12233,Russia says not ready to strangle North Korea economically: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov said on Friday that Russia was not ready to sign up to new sanctions on North Korea that would strangle the Asian country economically, the Interfax news agency reported. He was also cited as saying that pressure on North Korea was approaching  a red line  and that U.S. security guarantees for North Korea could be the subject of talks between Pyongyang and the United States. ",1
12234,Peru's Kuczynski loses key ministers' support amid scandal: sources,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has lost support of senior cabinet officials after it emerged he had business links to scandal-plagued Brazilian company Odebrecht, two government sources said on Thursday, amid opposition calls for him to resign. Cabinet members were shocked to learn on Wednesday about payments Odebrecht said it had made to a company controlled by Kuczynski, who had repeatedly denied having any ties to the construction firm, the sources said. Key ministers and lawmakers within Kuczynski s party want him to step down, said the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter. Kuczynski has denied any improper earnings and offered to explain the matter to Congress. ",1
12235,Hong Kong 'milkshake' murderer challenges her life sentence,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - An American serving a life sentence in a Hong Kong jail for the 2003  milkshake  murder of her Merrill Lynch banker husband made a fresh challenge against her sentence on Friday. Nancy Kissel, who is in her mid 50s, has been in jail since 2005 when she was found guilty of murdering her husband after giving him a drug-laced milkshake and then clubbing him to death with a metal ornament in their luxury home. She was convicted a second time in a 2011 retrial and failed in a final appeal against her conviction in 2014. Kissel lodged a judicial review against the Long-Term Prison Sentences Review Board, Hong Kong court records showed. She is arguing that the board had deprived her of the right to make an informed submission to challenge the rationality of its decision.     A lawyer for Kissel said the board should have recommended to the Chinese controlled city s chief executive that a fixed prison term should have replaced an indefinite life sentence, public broadcaster RTHK said. The murder gripped Hong Kong s business and expatriate communities with its tales of domestic violence, rough sex and adultery that cast a shadow over the high-flying lifestyles of financial professionals in the former British colony. Kissel s latest move comes the same week that British former Bank of America Merrill Lynch employee Rurik Jutting appealed against a life sentence handed down last year for murdering two Indonesian women he tortured and raped. ",1
12236,U.S. negotiator says direct diplomacy needed on North Korea,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - The chief U.S. negotiator for North Korea said on Friday the United States should engage in direct diplomacy with Pyongyang alongside sanctions imposed over its nuclear and ballistic missile programmes. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered on Tuesday to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions, but the White House later said no negotiations could be held until North Korea improved its behaviour.   We should exercise direct diplomacy as well as sanctions. That is our policy, which is based on pressure and engagement, and we do want to engage in pressure and diplomacy,  Joseph Yun, U.S. Special Representative for North Korea Policy, told reporters in Bangkok. Yun travelled to Japan and Thailand this week to meet officials to discuss ways to build pressure on North Korea after its latest ballistic missile test. On Thursday, Yun met the head of Thailand s National Security Council, General Wallop Rohsanoh, and deputy foreign minister Weerasak Futrakul.  We had very constructive, open-ended discussion,  said Yun. The United States had  no specific requests  for Thailand, he said. Thailand s Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said on Tuesday no trade takes place between Thailand and North Korea and that Thailand has abided by United Nations resolutions regarding North Korea.  We had no specific requests ... It seems like, as the deputy foreign minister said, they are fully complying with United Nations resolutions,  Yun told reporters.  Thailand s ties with North Korea have been in the spotlight this year. Tillerson pressed Thailand, the United States  oldest ally in Asia, for more action on North Korea during a visit to Bangkok in August. North Korea has an embassy in the Thai capital, Bangkok. Despite Tillerson s call for talks with Pyongyang without pre-conditions, the White House said now was not the right time and that any negotiations would have to be about giving up its nuclear arsenal.  I think what Secretary Tillerson spoke two or three days ago ... is that we do want to have a dialogue with them. We are open to dialogue and we hope that they will agree to have a dialogue ... he made it clear that we were open,  said Yun.  The U.S. delegation said in August it believed North Korean companies operated in Thailand and urged the Thais to shut them. In response, Thailand s foreign ministry told reporters that trade with North Korea had dropped by as much as 94 percent over the previous year. It did not give specific details. ",1
12237,Russia says high-level contacts with North Korea possible: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov said Moscow had not had high-level contacts with the new North Korean leadership but they were possible, the Interfax news agency reported on Friday.  In theory they (contacts) are possible,  Interfax quoted Morgulov as saying. Morgulov said Russia had many communication channels with North Korea, which  in one way or another are bearing fruit . ",1
12238,"In first, U.S. presents its evidence of Iran weaponry from Yemen","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Thursday presented for the first time pieces of what it said were Iranian weapons supplied to the Iran-aligned Houthi militia in Yemen, describing it as conclusive evidence that Tehran was violating U.N. resolutions. The arms included charred remnants of what the Pentagon said was an Iranian-made short-range ballistic missile fired from Yemen on Nov. 4 at King Khaled International Airport outside Saudi Arabia s capital Riyadh, as well as a drone and an anti-tank weapon recovered in Yemen by the Saudis. Iran has denied supplying the Houthis with such weaponry and on Thursday described the arms displayed as  fabricated.  The United States acknowledged it could not say precisely when the weapons were transferred to the Houthis, and, in some cases, could not say when they were used. There was no immediate way to independently verify where the weapons were made or employed. But U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley expressed confidence the transfers could be blamed on Tehran.   These are Iranian made, these are Iranian sent, and these were Iranian given,  Haley told a news conference at a military hangar at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, just outside Washington.     All of the recovered weapons were provided to the United States by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, the Pentagon said. Saudi-led forces, which back the Yemeni government, have been fighting the Houthis in Yemen s more than two-year-long civil war. The unprecedented presentation - which Haley said involved intelligence that had to be declassified - is part of President Donald Trump s new Iran policy, which promises a harder line toward Tehran. That would appear to include a new diplomatic initiative.   You will see us build a coalition to really push back against Iran and what they re doing,  Haley said, standing in front of what she said were the remnants of the Nov. 4 missile. Israel, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, who view Tehran as a threat, seized upon the U.S. presentation in calls on Thursday for international action. Still, it was unclear whether the new evidence would be enough to win support for sanctions on Iran from some U.N. Security Council members, like Russia or China. British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said he didn t think  there s anything that could convince some of my council colleagues  to take U.N. action against Iran. Still, he said  we re going to be pursuing with them nonetheless.  Under a U.N. resolution that enshrines the Iran nuclear deal with world powers, Tehran is prohibited from supplying, selling or transferring weapons outside the country unless approved by the U.N. Security Council. A separate U.N. resolution on Yemen bans the supply of weapons to Houthi leaders. Iran rejected the U.S. accusations as unfounded and Iran s Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, on Twitter, drew a parallel to assertions by then-U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell to the United Nations in 2003 about U.S. intelligence on weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. No weapons of mass destruction were found in Iraq after the U.S.-led invasion. The Pentagon offered a detailed explanation of all of the reasons why it believed the arms came from Iran, noting what it said were Iranian corporate logos on arms fragments and the unique nature of the designs of Iranian weaponry. That included the designs of short-range  Qiam  ballistic missiles. The Pentagon said it had obtained fragments of two Qiam missiles, one fired on Nov. 4 against the airport and another fired on July 22. The Pentagon cited corporate logos it said matched those of Iranian defense firms on jet vanes that help steer the missile s engine and on the circuit board helping drive its guidance system. It also said the missile s unique valve-design was only found in Iran. Iran, it said, appeared to have tried to cover up the shipment by disassembling the missile for transport, given crude welding used to stitch it back together.  The point of this entire display is that only Iran makes this missile. They have not given it to anybody else,  Pentagon spokeswoman Laura Seal said.  We haven t seen this in the hands of anyone else except Iran and the Houthis.  A Dec. 8 U.N. report monitoring Iran sanctions found that the July 22 and Nov. 4 missiles fired at Saudi Arabia appeared to have a  common origin,  but U.N. officials were still investigating the claims that Iran supplied them. A separate Nov. 24 U.N. report monitoring Yemen sanctions said four missiles fired into Saudi Arabia this year appear to have been designed and manufactured by Iran, but as yet there was  no evidence as to the identity of the broker or supplier.  The U.N. Iran and Yemen sanctions monitors  saw a majority  of the weaponry displayed by Haley, said a spokesman for the U.S. mission to the United Nations.  The Pentagon put on display other weapons with designs it said were unique to Iran s defense industry. It pointed to a key component of a Toophan anti-tank guided missile and a small drone aircraft, both of which it said were recovered in Yemen by the Saudis. It also showed components of a drone-like navigation system like the one the Pentagon says was used by the Houthis to ram an exploding boat into a Saudi frigate on Jan. 30. The United Arab Emirates seized the system in late 2016 in the Red Sea, the Pentagon said. The U.N. Security Council is due to be briefed publicly on the latest U.N. report monitoring Iran sanctions on Tuesday. ",1
12239,Yemen's Houthis say Iranian missile charges a distraction from Jerusalem decision,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A spokesman for Yemen s Houthi group on Thursday dismissed U.S. accusations that Iran had supplied a missile fired at Saudi Arabia last month, saying it was an attempt to divert attention from the United States  decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  After three years of war, America suddenly finds evidence that Iran supports the Houthis,  Abdel-Malek al-Ejri said in a message on his Twitter account.   America did not find any evidence in all the missiles fired from Yemen until now. The story is clear. They want to give Arabs a story to divert their attention from Jerusalem. Instead being angry at Israel, they wave the Iranian bogey,  he added. The United States on Thursday presented for the first time pieces of what it said were Iranian weapons supplied to the Iran-aligned Houthis, describing it as conclusive evidence that Tehran was violating U.N. resolutions. Iran has denied supplying the Houthis with such weaponry and on Thursday described the arms displayed as   fabricated.  President Donald Trump on Dec. 6 announced U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, stirring anger across the Arab and Muslim world and concern among Washington s European allies as well as Russia. ",1
12240,"China says its people have more civil, political rights than ever before","BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Friday that its people today enjoy the greatest level of political and civil rights ever, in a report issued just days after the European Union and United States expressed extreme concern over a deterioration in human rights in China. In the last five years, Chinese president Xi Jinping has presided over what rights groups decry as an elevated crackdown on the country s rights activists and lawyers, with dozens arrested and hundreds detained. Ahead of Human Rights Day last Sunday, the European Union and the United States released statements saying they were  extremely concerned  about a deterioration of human rights in China, citing measures such as internet restrictions and detentions of lawyers.  Chinese citizens have never before enjoyed as ample economic, social, cultural, as well as civil and political rights, as they do today,  the State Council, China s cabinet, said in an annual white paper.         The paper heralded a new era where greater legal protection ensures human rights in China, citing as evidence the ruling Communist Party s recent establishment of a central leadership group to guide legal reform. Rights group says the lack of an independent judiciary to keep a check on the ruling party leads to abuse of rights. China rejects criticisms of its human rights record, saying that the critics place too much emphasis on political and civil rights, without recognizing the social and economic freedoms being provided to its citizens. Diplomats from liberal democracies say that the Chinese definition is overly broad and ignores aspects like free speech that are essential to the accepted definition of human rights used by the United Nations. China considers its human rights successes to include, for example, using law to control infringement on the health and property rights of its citizens by closing down polluting companies, according to the report. Controversial legislation on spying, counter-espionage and internet security, as well as others in a series of new laws to bolster China s national security, are also cited as helping to protect citizen s security and property. The paper further says that China is actively working to promote human rights overseas and to build a international legal system to protect them. Up to August 2017, 36,000 Chinese military peacekeepers have been sent abroad to take part in UN peacekeeping operations and now have a standing force of 8,000 troops, the paper said. ",1
12241,Peru's Kuczynski says will not resign over Odebrecht scandal,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said late on Thursday that he would not resign over a scandal involving payments that Brazilian builder Odebrecht paid a decade ago to a company he controlled while holding public office. In a televised address to the nation flanked by members of his cabinet, Kuczynski denied any wrongdoing and said that while he owned the company, Westfield Capital Ltd, he was not manager of it when it received the payments. Prior to the message, the leaders of several parties in the opposition-controlled Congress said they would seek to oust him if he would not resign. ",1
12242,U.N. chief presses for release of arrested Reuters journalists in Myanmar,"TOKYO/YANGON (Reuters) - The arrest of two Reuters journalists in Yangon this week was a signal that press freedom is shrinking in Myanmar and the international community must do all it can to get them released, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Thursday. Guterres said his main concern over Myanmar was the  dramatic violations of human rights  during a military crackdown in Rakhine State that forced more than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims to flee the country for southern Bangladesh, and the arrest of the journalists was probably related.  It is clearly a concern in relation to the erosion of press freedom in the country,  he told a news conference in Tokyo, referring to the detention of Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, who had been working on stories about the strife in Rakhine State.  And probably the reason why these journalists were arrested is because they were reporting on what they have seen in relation to this massive human tragedy,  he added. Myanmar s Ministry of Information said in a statement on Wednesday that the Reuters journalists and two policemen faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act. The 1923 law carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. The reporters  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media , the ministry said in its statement, which was accompanied by a photo of the two reporters in handcuffs. Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh say their exodus from the mainly Buddhist nation was triggered by a military offensive in response to Rohingya militant attacks on security forces at the end of August. The United Nations has branded the military s campaign in Rakhine State  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing  of the minority Rohingya. Guterres said the international community should do everything possible to secure the journalists  release and freedom of the press in Myanmar. He called for aid to be delivered, violence contained and reconciliation promoted in Rakhine State, and for the Rohingyas  right of return to be fully respected and implemented.    Britain has expressed  grave concerns  to the government of Myanmar over the arrest of the two journalists, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson told reporters in London on Thursday.  We are committed to freedom of speech and people s ability to report the facts and bring into the public domain what is happening in Rakhine state,  he said. Canada s Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland tweeted that she was  deeply concerned  by the reports about the arrests.  Freedom of the press is essential for democracy and must be preserved,  she said. And the president of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani also called on Myanmar to protect media freedoms and release the two. Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo went missing on Tuesday evening after they had been invited to meet police officials over dinner on the outskirts of Yangon. The authorities have not confirmed where the journalists  are being held and, as of Thursday evening, Reuters had not been formally contacted by officials about their detention. At Htaunt Kyant police station, where the journalists were charged, family members of Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo were told that the pair were being detained at another location by an investigative team.   They are not here,  said Police Second Lieutenant Tin Htway Oo, according to Pann Ei, wife of reporter Wa Lone.  The police investigation team took them soon after they were arrested.   He said he did not know where the journalists were, Pann Ei added, but he did tell her they would be brought back to the station in  two to three days at most.  Reuters could not immediately reach Tin Htway Oo for comment. Police Lieutenant Colonel Myint Htwe of the Yangon Police Division told Reuters the reporters  location would not be disclosed until the investigation was complete.   It will be known later. Please wait a while,  he said. Reuters President and Editor-in-Chief Stephen J. Adler said in a statement on Wednesday:  We are outraged by this blatant attack on press freedom. We call for authorities to release them immediately.  The Foreign Correspondents Club of Myanmar said it was  appalled  by the arrests and  gravely concerned  about the state of press freedom in the country. In a statement, it called on the authorities to ensure the safety of the reporters and allow their families to see them. The foreign correspondents  club in neighbouring Thailand said it was  alarmed by the use of this draconian law with its heavy penalties against journalists simply doing their jobs .  Wielding such a blunt legal instrument has an intimidating effect on other journalists, and poses a real threat to media freedom,  the Bangkok-based club said in a statement, calling for the journalists to be released. ",1
12243,Japan adopts additional sanctions against North Korea: Suga,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will impose additional sanctions on North Korea following repeated threats by Pyongyang s missiles and nuclear program, Japan s top government spokesman said on Friday. Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference that Japan would freeze assets of 19 more North Korean institutions. ",1
12244,China tells Australia off over South China Sea stance,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s naval chief has told his Australian counterpart that his country s actions on the South China Sea run counter to the general trend of peace and stability in the disputed waterway. Australia, a close ally of the United States, has repeatedly expressed concern over the disputed South China Sea, where China has built manmade islands, some of which are equipped with runways, surface-to-air missiles and radars. Australia has previously drawn criticism from China for running surveillance flights over the South China Sea and supporting U.S. freedom of navigation exercises there. However, Australia has not conducted a unilateral freedom of navigation voyage of its own. China claims most of the South China Sea, a strategic waterway where $3 trillion worth of goods passes every year. Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Taiwan and Brunei all have overlapping claims. Meeting in Beijing, China s navy commander Shen Jinlong told Australian Vice Admiral Tim Barrett that at present the situation in the South China Sea was  steady and good , China s Defence Ministry said in a statement late on Thursday.  But in the last year the Australian military s series of actions in the South China Sea have run counter to the general trend of peace and stability,  the ministry cited Shen as saying, without pointing to any specific examples.  This does not accord with the consensus reached by the leaders of the two countries nor the atmosphere of the forward steps in cooperation in all areas between the two countries,  Shen added.  This also is not beneficial to the overall picture of regional peace and stability.  Over the past week or so China and Australia have also traded barbs over Canberra s allegation that Beijing had sought to interfere in Australian politics, with China summoning Australia s ambassador to complain last week. China has continued to install high-frequency radar and other facilities that can be used for military purposes on its man-made islands in the South China Sea, a U.S. think tank said on Thursday. In August, Australia, Japan and the United States urged Southeast Asia and China to ensure that a South China Sea code of conduct they have committed to draw up will be legally binding and said they strongly opposed  coercive unilateral actions . ",1
12245,Chile presidential hopefuls end campaigns before Sunday vote,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chile s presidential hopefuls ended their campaigns in downtown Santiago on Thursday ahead of an uncertain runoff election whose outcome will determine whether the world s top copper producer turns to the right or maintains its center-left track. Voters on Sunday will choose between billionaire conservative Sebastian Pinera and center-left senator and journalist Alejandro Guillier. During the November first-round election, a surprise surge by harder leftists confounded pollsters, sent markets plummeting and set the stage for a tighter-than-expected runoff.  Everything points to a narrow margin of victory,  said Guillermo Holzmann, a professor at the University of Valparaiso.  It s an unusual race in that it s been difficult to gauge the electorate.  Both Pinera and Guillier would keep in place the longstanding free-market economic model in Latin America s most developed country. But candidates with more extreme views on both the right and left performed better than expected in November, leading both men to make concessions to try to win over voters whose first-round choice dropped out. Uruguay former president Jose  Pepe  Mujica, a leftist icon in a Latin America that has largely turned to the political right, turned out to support Guillier.  The conservative right has no future in Chile,  Guillier told his fans.  Pinera, 68, a former president and the market favorite, placed first with 36.6 percent of the vote in the first round. He has vowed to boost growth by cutting the corporate tax rate and scaling back outgoing President Michelle Bachelet s tax, labor and education reforms that Guillier has vowed to deepen.  At Santiago s Caupolic n theater, he promised  a new and better treatment of the middle class, older adults and children.  The bearded Guillier, 64, from northern Chile, garnered 22.7 percent of the vote in November from backers hoping to preserve gains made in Bachelet s government for students, women and workers, measures such as lower university fees and laws empowering unions. Guillier has courted leftists by proposing to overhaul the country s privatized pension system and rewrite the constitution. Pinera has sought to appeal to centrist voters by calling for free technical education for the poor and a public pension option. Guillier narrowly edged out third place finisher Beatriz Sanchez of the leftist Frente Amplio. She received support from 20 percent of voters with promises to tax the  super-rich  to boost social spending and fight inequality. Sanchez s 1.3 million voters are seen as pivotal in the upcoming election. Voting is voluntary in Chile, and abstention has run high in recent years.  It comes down to how many people stay home, and particularly, how many people stay home on Guillier s side,  said University of Chile professor Robert Funk. ",1
12246,Trump discusses North Korea situation with Putin: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Trump spoke by phone on Thursday with Russian President Vladimir Putin and the two leaders  discussed working together to resolve the very dangerous situation in North Korea,  the White House said in a statement. Trump also thanked Putin  for acknowledging America s strong economic performance in his annual press conference,  the statement said. The Kremlin said in a statement that Trump and Putin discussed bilateral relations and the situation in the Korean Peninsula. ",1
12247,Splits on Italian right buoy opponents as campaigning starts,"ROME (Reuters) - The leader of Italy s far-right Northern League said on Thursday he was suspending contacts with his main political ally, former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, because of a disagreement over how tough courts should be on murderers and rapists. The public fight over law and order delighted the rightists  opponents just as campaigning picked up ahead of a national election that look certain to be held in early March.  I always said the (right) as a coalition didn t exist,  said Luigi Di Maio, the prime ministerial candidate of the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement.  We are getting ever closer to government.  The right bloc, which includes Berlusconi s Forza Italia! (Go Italy), is ahead in the polls, with 5-Star in second place. Pollsters predict no-one will win an outright majority, raising the specter of political instability in the euro zone s third-largest economy. Northern League leader Matteo Salvini has regularly sparred with Berlusconi, but his anger bubbled over this week after Forza Italia lawmakers voted against efforts to prevent courts from offering sentence reductions for murder and rape.  We are receiving hundreds of calls and emails from men and women angry and disappointed by Forza Italia s astonishing decision to protect rapists and murderers,  Salvini was quoted as saying by AGI news agency.  As far as we are concerned ... we are suspending all our contacts and discussions with Forza Italia and Berlusconi until there is an official clarification,  he added. Berlusconi promised to talk to Salvini shortly, saying he was unsure why his parliamentarians had spurned the reform. Support for the right bloc has risen steadily in recent months with Berlusconi returning to frontline politics after years of sex and finance scandals. However he has failed to paper over divisions between himself and Salvini who has pushed the Northern League to the far-right of European politics, aligning himself with Marine Le Pen s National Front in France. Whereas the right is committed to running together in the forthcoming election, the ruling centre-left Democratic Party (PD) has split from its traditional leftist allies, who have refused to form any electoral alliance.  (The right) will argue before, during and, above all, after the election, but on the day itself they will pretend to be united to scrape together a few more seats,  PD leader Matteo Renzi wrote on Facebook on Thursday.   This is pure hypocrisy because everyone knows the truth but pretends not to see.  ",1
12248,Trump speaks by phone to Russia's Putin: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Trump spoke by phone on Thursday with Russian President Vladimir Putin and a statement about their conversation will be released later in the day, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said.  President Trump spoke with Putin earlier today and a read out will be sent later tonight,  she said in an emailed statement. ",1
12249,Argentina Congress suspends pension reform vote due to protests,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s lower house on Thursday suspended a vote on President Mauricio Macri s pension reform plan, after the debate became a shouting match and protesters and police clashed violently outside Congress. The bill, which passed the Senate last month, is crucial for Macri s efforts to cut the fiscal deficit but has drawn criticism from opposition politicians and labor unions, who say it will hurt retirees and welfare recipients. Before Thursday s scheduled vote, the country s top union called a general strike for the following day. Demonstrators threw stones at metal barriers set up outside parliament, and security forces responded with rubber bullets and tear gas.  The incident showed strong obstacles remain for Macri s pro-business agenda, which includes tax and labor reforms. While his  Let s Change  coalition swept October s legislative midterm vote, he lacks a majority in either chamber.  We will not back down,  opposition lawmaker Mirta Tundis told local television.  It is outrageous that year after year, those who have less are affected most.  The pension reform would change the formula used to calculate benefits. Payments would adjust every quarter based on inflation, rather than the current system of twice-yearly adjustments linked to wage rises and tax revenue. Economists say the current formula means benefits go up in line with past inflation. Left unchanged, that could harm Macri s efforts to cut the fiscal deficit. Under the new formula, benefits would increase by 5 percentage points above inflation, according to Cabinet Chief Marcos Pena. The plan would take effect at a time of lower inflation expectations, hence slowing the pace of pension benefit increases.  This formula guarantees the sustainability of the system and that retirees will not lose to inflation,  Macri-allied  lawmaker Luciano Laspina told reporters. Macri is aiming to cut the fiscal deficit to 3.2 percent of gross domestic product next year from 4.2 percent this year, and to reduce inflation to 8-12 percent from above 20 percent this year. ($1 = 17.4300 Argentine pesos) ",1
12250,Four French schoolchildren killed as train plows into bus,"PARIS (Reuters) - Four adolescents were killed when a train smashed into a school bus on a level crossing outside the town of Perpignan in southwestern France on Thursday. Images from the scene showed the bus split in two, with a long line of emergency vehicles on an approach to the crossing. Another 20 people were injured in the crash, 11 of them seriously, according to French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe, who traveled immediately to the scene. Most of the injured were schoolchildren aboard the bus, aged 13-17. Philippe told reporters the authorities were focused on getting accurate information to families, a process  made difficult by the question of identification of those who have died and some of the injured.  A crisis coordination center has been set up at Millas town hall on Perpignan s western outskirts, about 850 kilometers (530 miles) from Paris. According to local media reports, the bus was transporting pupils from the town s Christian Bourquin college.  All my thoughts (are with) the victims and their families,  French President Emmanuel Macron said on Twitter. The causes of the crash are unknown, pending a full investigation, officials said. The bus and train drivers both survived and will be interviewed by police. The train was carrying 25 passengers and traveling at 80 kmh, the regulatory speed for the section of track where the collision occurred, a spokeswoman for the national SNCF railway told Reuters. Three train passengers sustained relatively minor injuries, according to the interior ministry. Witnesses had reported that the barriers of the crossing were down at the moment of impact, the SNCF spokeswoman said, adding that all such preliminary information was  subject to confirmation  by investigators. France has suffered several serious rail accidents in recent decades. One of the deadliest was in 1988, when a commuter train heading into Paris  Gare de Lyon crashed into a stationary train, killing 56 people, after its brakes failed.  ",1
12251,Poland's new PM sees punishment from Brussels coming,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Poland s new prime minister said on Thursday he expected the European Commission to launch an unprecedented punishment procedure against Warsaw next week after months of wrangling over the rule of law. Several thousand people gathered in Poland s largest towns on Thursday evening to protest against a judiciary system overhaul, while the upper chamber of parliament discussed the proposed legislation. Mateusz Morawiecki, who took over as Poland s premier this week, has defended the judicial changes pushed over two years by his predecessor from the same Law and Justice (PiS) party, saying they were necessary to heal the courts. Western European Union peers, the bloc s executive Commission, opposition at home and democracy advocates say the reforms undermine court independence by putting them under more direct government control.  Under the legislation, parliament would have a virtual free hand in choosing members of the National Judiciary Council (KRS), a body that decides judicial appointments and promotions - a right earlier reserved chiefly for the judges themselves. A second bill envisages lowering the mandatory retirement age for Supreme Court judges to 65 years from 70, which would force a significant part of them to leave. This, as well as the eurosceptic, nationalist PiS s changes to the state media, have prompted the Commission to threaten for many months to launch the so-called Article 7 against Warsaw. PiS faced renewed accusations that it was muzzling free media after Poland s media regulator slapped a $415,000 fine on a leading, U.S.-owned news broadcaster TVN24 over its coverage of opposition protests in parliament last year. Morawiecki rejected the view that the penalty amounted to an assault on the freedom of media in Poland, saying the country of 38 million people enjoyed full media pluralism. He expected TVN to challenge the move in courts which would make the final call.  PiS has also locked horns with the EU over large-scale logging in the unique Bialowieza forest, which Warsaw says is necessary to keep the woods healthy but Brussels and environmental groups say violate wildlife protection laws. Bitter feuds over migration - which Morawiecki on Thursday called a political  hot potato  - have added to the growing isolation of the bloc s largest ex-communist country since PiS won elections in late 2015. Article 7 would see Poland s government denounced as undemocratic and could lead to the suspension of Warsaw s voting rights in the EU. The latter, however, is unlikely as it would require the unanimous backing of all the other EU states, something PiS ally Hungary has vowed to block.  But Morawiecki, speaking ahead of his first summit of EU leaders in Brussels, seemed to accept that the blow was coming.  If a process has started and, as far as I understand, the decision has already been made that next Wednesday the European Commission plans to start (the procedure), then it will most likely be triggered,  he told reporters.  From the start of such an unfair procedure for us, until it ends, we will certainly talk to our partners.  A senior EU official said the Commission s head, Jean-Claude Juncker would still seek to dissuade Warsaw from going ahead with the two judiciary laws, which were passed by Poland s lower chamber of parliament.  They must still go through the PiS-dominated upper house and be signed by the PiS-allied president to take effect.   If the court changes go through then we will trigger Article 7,  the senior official said.  If the changes are postponed until January, then we will see.  Morawiecki stuck to his guns over the courts and Poland s refusal to host some of the refugees who reach the bloc. He said Poland would respect the final ruling of the bloc s top court on the Bialowieza forest. So far, Warsaw has continued the logging despite an interim order by the court to stop immediately. Morawiecki added he would seek to convince France to soften its stance on a reform of the bloc s labor laws. President Emmanuel Macron wants them tightened because he sees them as giving too much of a competitive edge to cheaper labor from the poorer eastern Europe at the expense of France s own workers. ",1
12252,"Canada G7 presidency to focus on women, gender equality: Trudeau","OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who has made gender equality a priority, on Thursday said empowering women would be one of the main themes when Canada takes over the presidency of the Group of Seven next year. Trudeau, whose first act after taking power in 2015 was to appoint a cabinet with an equal number of women and men, told an event broadcast on Facebook that ending inequalities between the sexes was the right thing to do and would benefit the economy.  Advancing gender equality and women s empowerment will be a part of every ministerial meeting, it will be part of the broader G7 agenda, and it will be considered every step of the way as we plan out all of our events,  said Trudeau. The G7 groups some of the world s leading industrialized nations. Leaders, including U.S. President Donald Trump, will gather for a summit on June 8-9 in the Quebec region of Charlevoix. Trudeau said the other main themes for Canada s presidency were investing in growth that worked for everyone, preparing for jobs of the future, climate change and building a more peaceful and secure world. ",1
12253,Nephews of Venezuela's first lady sentenced to 18 years in U.S. drug case,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Two nephews of Venezuela s first lady were sentenced to 18 years in prison on Thursday following their convictions in New York on U.S. drug trafficking charges. U.S. District Judge Paul Crotty sentenced the two men, Franqui Francisco Flores de Freitas, 32, and Efrain Antonio Campo Flores, 31, at a hearing in federal court in Manhattan. The two are cousins, both nephews of Cilia Flores, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro s wife. Lawyers for both defendants had asked for a shorter sentence of 10 years, while prosecutors had sought 30. Crotty said 30 years would be excessive, noting that Flores de Freitas and Campo Flores had no previous criminal history.  What moves me is that Mr. Campo Flores and Mr. Flores de Freitas were perhaps not the most astute drug dealers who ever existed,  he said.  They were in over their heads.  Both cousins spoke briefly before being sentenced.  I know that I have made very serious mistakes in this case,  Campo Flores said, going on to apologize to his wife and children.  I ve always been a good person,  Flores de Freitas said.  Even in jail I tried to help those who were in a worse psychological situation than I find myself in.  He asked that the judge allow him to return to Venezuela soon to be near his son. Lawyers for the two men had no immediate comments after the sentencing. Flores de Freitas and Campo Flores were arrested in Haiti in November 2015 in a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration sting operation. Prosecutors said in a court filing they tried to make $20 million through drug trafficking to help keep their family in power. Campo Flores and Flores de Freitas were convicted in November 2016 by a jury of conspiring to import cocaine into the United States. Lawyers for the two men said in a court filing earlier this year that prosecutors had proven only  bungling discussions of a drug plot that could never actually have been executed.  Days after the conviction, Maduro blasted the case in a speech as an instance of  U.S. imperialism.  Maduro has frequently cast U.S. accusations of drug trafficking as a pretext for meddling in Venezuela and trying to topple him. Under Maduro, oil-producing Venezuela has fallen into an economic and political crisis in which more than 120 people have died in four months of protests. The United States announced new sanctions against Maduro s government in July.  ",1
12254,Mexico presidential front-runner unveils planned cabinet,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The leftist front-runner for Mexico s 2018 presidential election on Thursday proposed a moderate U.S.-trained economist for finance minister, unveiling a planned cabinet made up of men and women in equal measure. Former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador had a 12-point lead in one recent poll. He wants to overhaul Mexico s approach to the economy, security and education, vowing more support for the poorest but without new taxes or higher debt. For the finance portfolio, Lopez Obrador tapped Carlos Manuel Urzua, an academic who served as finance minister of the Mexico City government from 2000 to 2003 when the candidate, 64, was mayor of the capital. A veteran campaigner, Lopez Obrador was runner-up in the last two presidential contests. A self-declared nationalist, he hopes Mexico will elect him next July, reversing a Latin American trend towards right-leaning governments. If he wins, it could increase friction with U.S. President Donald Trump over his anti-migrant language and policies. Lopez Obrador, or AMLO as he is often known, proposed a cabinet of eight men and eight women, including a onetime interior minister for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and a respected former supreme court judge. The naming of Urzua encouraged the view that AMLO would be a more pragmatic manager of Latin America s second biggest economy than critics have warned he would be.   We see an AMLO administration as increasingly moderate from a macroeconomic perspective and the signaling of Mr. Urzua, who is not an extremist economist by any means, corroborates this view,  Marcos Casarin, head of Latin America macro services Oxford Economics, said in emailed comments. An author, researcher and university professor, Urzua earned a PhD and Master in Economics from the University of Wisconsin and a degree in Mathematics from Mexico s Tecnologico de Monterrey. He is also a poet who writes about inequality. For interior minister, Lopez Obrador selected Olga Sanchez, a former Supreme Court justice who helped move the country s top tribunal in a more liberal direction during two decades in the job. For education, Lopez Obrador picked Esteban Moctezuma, who served as interior minister under former President Ernesto Zedillo. For energy, he named Rocio Nahle, a chemical engineer and lower house leader of his MORENA party. In the July 1 election, AMLO looks likely to face former finance minister Jose Antonio Meade for the PRI, and Ricardo Anaya at the head of a right-left opposition coalition. ",1
12255,"After London setback, May wins Brexit cheer in Brussels","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May made clear her desire on Thursday to move Brexit talks forward to a discussion of a future trade relationship at a dinner with EU leaders who applauded her for progress made so far. A day after she suffered a defeat in parliament over her blueprint for quitting the EU, May told her peers at a summit in Brussels that she was on course to deliver Brexit and urged them to speed up the talks to unravel more than 40 years of union.  Offering her reassurance that they will endorse on Friday the launch of a second phase of negotiations on a free trade pact and an initial transition period, leaders responded to May s remarks by a brief round of applause before she was to leave the summit to allow them to discuss Brexit without her. A British government official said the prime minister made  no secret of wanting to move on to the next phase and to approaching it with ambition and creativity .  I believe this is in the best interests of the UK and the European Union,  she told the leaders over a dinner of roasted langoustine and capon chicken.  A particular priority should be agreement on the implementation period so we can bring greater certainty to businesses in the UK and across the 27,  she added. Officials said German Chancellor Angela Merkel congratulated May on bringing the negotiations last week to the stage of  sufficient progress  that will enable leaders to accept opening the next phase of talks.  Summit chair Donald Tusk will call May on Friday to update her after leaders have discussed their next moves on Brexit. May, weakened after losing her Conservative Party s majority in a June election, has so far carried her divided government and party with her as she negotiated the first phase of talks on how much Britain should pay to leave the EU, the border with Ireland and the status of EU citizens in Britain. But the second, more decisive phase, of the negotiations will further test her authority by exposing the deep rifts among her top team of ministers, or cabinet, over what Britain should become after Brexit. Acknowledging tough talks ahead, Tusk warned them that only the unity they had displayed so far would deliver a good deal on trade   an issue on which the member states have different interests:  I have no doubt that the real test of our unity will be the second phase of Brexit talks,  he told reporters. May s team was upbeat.   Look at what s been achieved so far. The deal on phase one which many commentators said couldn t be done, has been done,  the British government official said.   Look at the language from the other European leaders today ... All the signals from them are that they are looking forward to continue to negotiate with the prime minister.  The EU is willing to start talks next month on a roughly two-year transition period to ease Britain out after March 2019 but wants more detail from London on what it wants before it will open trade negotiations from March. The deal almost fell apart last week, when May s Northern Irish allies rejected an initial agreement for fear that a promise to protect a free border with EU member Ireland could separate the region from the rest of the UK. After days of often fraught diplomacy, May rescued the deal to meet the EU s requirements for  sufficient progress  but the last-minute wobble by the Democratic Unionist Party, which she depends on in parliament to get laws passed, and the defeat in parliament on Wednesday, underline the struggles she faces.   I m disappointed with the amendment,  she told reporters as she arrived at the summit.  But the EU withdrawal bill is making good progress through the House of Commons and we re on course to deliver on Brexit.  May s success so far has won her some respite at home from political in-fighting between enthusiasts and sceptics of Brexit in her ruling party, and has reduced the prospect of a disorderly departure from the bloc. At the summit, she was again keen to show that Britain was an active member of the bloc, committing to staying in the Erasmus university programme until the end of 2020 and taking part in discussions on the bloc s plan for closer defence cooperation. Over dinner, leaders also discussed responses to the migration crisis from Africa and the Middle East, and lingering deep divisions over how to share the load. They confirmed a rollover of sanctions on Russia over the Ukraine crisis and reaffirmed their opposition to U.S. President Donald Trump s move to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. ",1
12256,What a difference a year makes - EU warms to Britain's May,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - What a difference a year makes. A year ago, Prime Minister Theresa May was pictured standing alone at an EU summit, nervously playing with her sleeve as other leaders embraced and chatted around her - an image that summed up her isolation after Britain voted for Brexit. On Thursday, with the leaders of the other 27 states poised to agree to move Brexit talks forward to the decisive phase of discussing future ties, the 61-year-old was greeted with a show of support, including applause and a round of congratulations during a summit dinner. She needs it: the second phase of talks is likely to be even more difficult than the first and could widen divisions in her government, her party and the country over what Britain should become after Brexit. May also faces an emboldened parliament at home. Rebels in her Conservative Party joined forces with opposition lawmakers to vote against the government on her Brexit blueprint - something they may try to repeat next week when May plans to write Britain s departure date into law. But the change in atmosphere in Brussels improves the chances of a friendlier divorce, reducing the possibility of Britain crashing out without a deal. It may be a change born of necessity. A weakened May could be forced from office and the EU does not want to see a new, possibly hardline negotiator across the table half way through the talks.  She is the best we ve got. She s all we got,  said a senior EU official, comparing her positively with her Brexit minister, David Davis, whose comment that the initial deal was a statement of intent rather than a legal pact annoyed many in the bloc. For many Conservatives too, May is seen as the leading contender for securing Britain s exit in March 2019.  I think the prime minister is certainly far and away best placed to do that,  said British lawmaker and Brexit supporter David Jones, who was moved from his position as a Brexit minister earlier this year.  She s done very well in connection with this first stage of the agreement against the odds ... What she has actually achieved is acceptance on the part of the European Union that not only are we leaving but we can leave without causing a problem to them internally.  ACCIDENT-PRONE May was appointed prime minister shortly after Britain voted 18 months ago to leave the EU and she is committed to honoring that decision and unraveling four decades of EU membership. But the path has not been smooth. After losing her party s majority at a June election, May has been almost unnaturally accident-prone.  An attempt to reassert her authority collapsed in a coughing fit during a speech at a Conservative party conference in October. Last week, a choreographed attempt to seal the deal to move on to the second phase of talks with the EU fell apart after her Northern Irish allies refused to sign off on it. That was when European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker hailed May as  a tough negotiator , one who  is defending the point of view of Britain with all the energy we know she has . An embarrassing defeat in parliament on Wednesday has underlined her weakness in relying on the support of a small Northern Irish party to pass legislation. But after two failed attempts from within her party to oust her, May has proved many detractors wrong, pushing on with Brexit, which has sapped the government s ability to pursue other policies and will define her time in power.  The government s defeat on the amendment will make our exit more complicated, and there is now an incentive for the EU not to negotiate a good deal,  said Conservative lawmaker John Baron.  However, this process was hardly ever going to be smooth, and we remain on course to honor the referendum result.  So for now, she is carrying her divided party with her. But the agreement to move to phase two, which some Conservatives described as a compromise, has shown some fraying at the edges of the coalition. The key is for her to keep her cabinet ministers on board.  It s a fudge to get to the next stage ... but  Leave  cabinet members have been reassured they will get the Brexit they want,  said a senior Conservative source. That may mean keeping the possibility open of Britain moving away from EU regulations after it leaves, which could worry EU officials.   The British people will be in control,  environment minister Michael Gove said last week.  If the British people dislike the arrangement that we have negotiated with the EU, the agreement will allow a future government to diverge.  ",1
12257,"Two dead, several wounded in stabbing in southern Dutch city Maastricht: police","AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - At least two people were killed and several others wounded by stabbings in the southern Dutch city of Maastricht on Thursday evening, police said. The police said in a statement there were two stabbing incidents with a few hundred meters (yards) of each other in a residential neighborhood in northern Maastricht, which borders Germany and Belgium. ",1
12258,"U.N. calls Syria talks a 'big missed opportunity', seeks new ideas","GENEVA (Reuters) - A round of Syria peace talks that ended on Thursday was a big missed opportunity but there may be more talks next month if ideas can be found to encourage President Bashar al-Assad s government to engage, U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura said. He said neither side had actually  sabotaged  the latest talks by refusing to attend, but he laid most of the blame for the failure of the round at the feet of the government side.    De Mistura voiced milder disappointment with the Syrian opposition, after they arrived in Geneva ruling out any future role for Assad. But he said that tough public stance had been tempered by a mature position in the closed-door discussions.  The goal we had was to bring about real negotiations,  de Mistura told a news conference.  Let me be frank. We did not achieve, we did not achieve these negotiations. In other words, negotiations in reality did not take place.  I would conclude by saying (it was) a big missed opportunity. A golden opportunity at the end of this year when in fact there is a clear indication by many sides that the military operations are coming to a close,  he added. De Mistura said he was leaving Geneva for consultations in New York with U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres, followed by a meeting with the U.N. Security Council on Tuesday.  I will probably need to come up with new ideas, parameters, about how to move the talks forward, particularly on constitution and elections,  he said, adding that plans for a new round of Geneva talks in January depended on their outcome. Civil war has ravaged Syria for more than six years. Chief opposition negotiator Nasr Hariri said the international community needed to do more to persuade government negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari to come to the table, warning that the talks were in  great danger .  The international community needs to find a new approach, otherwise this stalemate will continue and unfortunately it will be at the expense of Syrians,  he said. One European diplomat said the talks had been a  charade  because of the government s behavior.  Although the regime has presented itself here, that is all that it has done. I would go further: it s not just a kind of disengagement that they ve shown, it s an extraordinary contempt,  he said.  I understand that a large amount of their time here was spent negotiating personal admin matters and expenses, rather than the substance of the talks.  As he left the talks, Ja afari accused the opposition, backed by Western countries and Saudi Arabia, of sabotaging the round. Ja afari said Damascus did not want the talks to fail but the opposition had put down a precondition last month by concluding a conference known as  Riyadh 2  with a declaration that Assad had no role in Syria s political transition. De Mistura said the Damascus government had wanted him to insist that the opposition withdraw the statement.  That was not possible or a logical approach because to me it sounded like a precondition. The government engaged me with only on (discussions about) terrorism. The truth is there is not one single subject they accepted except that one.  ",1
12259,Britain First leader whom Trump re-tweeted arrested again in Belfast,"BELFAST (Reuters) - A leader of a British far-right group, whose anti-Islamic posts were retweeted by U.S. President Donald Trump causing outrage in  Britain, was arrested in Northern Ireland on Thursday minutes after being bailed over a separate incident.  Jayda Fransen, deputy leader of the fringe anti-immigrant Britain First group, appeared at a court in Belfast to face charges of using threatening, abusive or insulting words in a speech at a rally in the city in August. She was remanded on continuing bail until January 9 on  condition that she does not go within 500 meters of any rally or demonstration before the case is finished. As she left court, Fransen, 31, was then arrested and charged with breaking the same law in a separate incident on Wednesday near one of the  peace walls  that separate Catholic and Protestant neighborhoods, police said. Police declined to give any further details of the incident.   Britain First s leader Paul Golding, 35, was also arrested as he accompanied Fransen to the courthouse and later charged in connection with the August incident. Trump s sharing of Fransen s anti-Muslim videos, posted on Twitter, provoked outrage in Britain last month, drawing a sharp rebuke from Prime Minister Theresa May and straining relations between two close allies. An attempt by police to restrict Fransen s use of social media - Twitter and Facebook - was rejected by the judge on Thursday. Fransen was fined last month after being found guilty by a court in England of religiously aggravated harassment for shouting abuse at a Muslim woman wearing a hijab. Her lawyer told Belfast Magistrates Court on Thursday she would be pleading not guilty to the charges she faces in relation to the August rally.  Golding is a former senior figure in the far-right British National Party and founded Britain First in 2011.  The group describes itself as a  patriotic political party and street movement . Critics denounce it as a racist organization. ",1
12260,Syrian opposition says U.N. talks are in 'great danger',"GENEVA (Reuters) - The international community must do more to persuade the Syrian government to negotiate in U.N.-led talks, which were in  great danger , the head of the opposition delegation said after an eighth round ended in failure in Geneva on Thursday. Opposition negotiator Nasr Hariri told a news conference that the government of President Bashar al-Assad hated the talks process and rejected all negotiations, and although there was pressure from its ally Russia,  another state  was putting obstacles in the path of the Geneva talks. ",1
12261,Four killed in Canada helicopter crash,"(Reuters) - Four people were killed on Thursday when a helicopter belonging to utility Hydro One crashed in central Ontario, the company said in a statement. Hydro One did not provide details on its four employees who were killed in the crash, saying names would not be released until next of kin had been notified. The company, which is based in Ontario, said emergency services were on site in the Tweed area of rural central Ontario, some 250 kilometers (155 miles) from Toronto. It said it had notified the appropriate oversight groups. The Ontario Provincial Police said in a statement that officers responded to the crash shortly after 12:30 pm ET (1730 GMT), and were joined by emergency response services, including a forensic identification unit.  Police said Canada s Transportation Safety Board would investigate. A woman named Kim Clayton tweeted that Hydro One staff had been working on power lines on her property before the crash. On Wednesday a small airplane carrying 22 passengers and three crew members crashed after taking off in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. ",1
12262,Colombia urgently crafting law to allow crime gangs to surrender,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s government is urgently working with Congress on a law that would lay out terms of surrender for crime gangs such as the Gulf Clan, President Juan Manuel Santos said on Thursday, after the gang declared a unilateral ceasefire. The Gulf Clan, also known as the Usuga Clan and the  Autodefensas Gaitanistas, has been accused of operating drug trafficking routes in partnership with Mexican cartels and taking part in illegal gold mining. It announced a ceasefire on Wednesday and has said its members were willing to turn themselves in. Santos, speaking at a event about the eradication of coca crops in Antioquia province, hailed the ceasefire and said a surrender of the group would be welcome, but added that security forces will not halt actions against the group.   If this organization wants to surrender to justice it s very welcome and we re working with the justice minister to put together some decrees and there s a law in Congress to facilitate the collective surrender of the Gulf Clan that we are classing as urgent,  Santos said. The president has said the government will not negotiate with the group because members are criminals and not politically motivated rebels like the now-demobilized Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) or National Liberation Army (ELN). Defense Minister Luis Carlos Villegas, speaking at the same event, said operations against the Clan will continue.  The fact that they won t shoot is good news but if they continue to commit crimes they will be targeted,  he said.  We are not going to suspend operations or lower our guard.  ",1
12263,EU agrees to extend economic sanctions on Russia until mid-2018,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders agreed on Thursday to prolong for another six months the bloc s economic sanctions on Russia, imposed over the annexation of Ukraine s peninsula of Crimea and Moscow s support for rebels in east Ukraine.  The sanctions, which target Russia s energy, defense and financial sectors, would otherwise expire at the end of January 2018.  Donald Tusk, the chairman of EU leaders meeting in Brussels on Thursday and Friday, said the 28 were  united on roll-over of economic sanctions on Russia.  Moscow says it will never return Crimea, which it annexed in 2014 in a move that has not been recognized internationally. The West says Russia has also been providing a lifeline to separatists in eastern Ukraine, where a conflict with Kiev troops has killed more than 10,000 people since 2014. ",1
12264,Ukraine leader welcomes EU's extension of sanctions on Russia,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said on Thursday the EU s decision to extend economic sanctions on Russia was  an important political decision  on behalf of his country. The EU announced the six-month extension earlier in the day of the sanctions imposed in retaliation for Russia s annexation of Ukraine s Crimean Peninsula in 2014 and backing of separatist rebels in Ukraine s eastern Donbass region.  (It is) an important political decision by the leaders of the European Union to continue economic sanctions against Russia for violating Ukraine s territorial integrity and unwillingness to stop hybrid aggression against our country,  Poroshenko wrote on his official Facebook page. ",1
12265,Watchdog says Gulf rift taking toll on ordinary citizens,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Families are being torn apart by the rift between Qatar and three other Gulf Arab states which began six months ago, Amnesty International said on Thursday, despite measures to ease the impact of the crisis on ordinary citizens. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, along with Egypt, imposed travel, economic and diplomatic sanctions on Qatar in June over allegations of supporting terrorism. Doha denies the charge. The human rights group, citing interviews with individuals and Qatari officials, said thousands of people had been  affected by the rift, which has split families, raised food prices for foreign workers and made visits to Islamic holy sites in Saudi Arabia more difficult. Officials from Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain could not immediately be reached to comment on the report. But the three U.S.-allied countries had announced measures in June to ease the impact of the dispute on mixed families, including setting up hotlines to deal with humanitarian issues. Saudi Arabia has also said it was allowing visits to holy sites and opened its doors to Muslims in Qatar to perform the annual Muslim haj pilgrimage.   Diplomatic efforts led by Kuwait to resolve the dispute have so far failed to achieve a breakthrough. The report was based on interviews with 44 affected individuals conducted in late November in Qatar as well as meetings with Qatari officials. Despite measures to allow families in mixed marriages to visit, many were finding it difficult to comply with procedures required to apply for a  laissez-passer  that allows residents of Qatar to travel to see loves ones in Saudi Arabia, Bahrain or the UAE, the report said. It said that there was scant, or no, information about the application process on official UAE and Saudi ministry websites, while travel to Bahrain had become more difficult since Manama imposed an entry visa requirement for Qatari nationals and residents at a time when the embassy in Doha is closed.  Affected families told Amnesty International that hotlines announced by the Bahrain, Saudi Arabian and UAE governments were difficult to access,  the rights watchdog said. Lynn Maalouf, Director of Research for the Middle East at Amnesty International, said that by imposing travel restrictions on ordinary people, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia and the UAE have  violated the right to family life, education and freedom of expression .  Since this dispute began in June, our fears about its potential to rip families apart have been cruelly and emphatically realized,  Maalouf said in a statement. ",1
12266,Exclusive: U.S. suspends aid to Somalia's battered military over graft,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The United States is suspending food and fuel aid for most of Somalia s armed forces over corruption concerns, a blow to the military as African peacekeepers start to withdraw this month. African Union (AU) troops landed in Mogadishu a decade ago to fight al Shabaab Islamist militants and Somali forces are supposed to eventually take over their duties. But the United States, which also funds the 22,000-strong peacekeeping force, has grown frustrated that successive governments have failed to build a viable national army. Diplomats worry that without strong Somali forces, al Shabaab could be reinvigorated, destabilize the region and offer a safe haven to other al Qaeda-linked militants or Islamic State fighters. The U.S. suspension of aid came after the Somali military repeatedly failed to account for food and fuel, according to private correspondence between the U.S. and Somali governments seen by Reuters.  During recent discussions between the United States and the Federal Government of Somalia, both sides agreed that the Somali National Army had failed to meet the standards for accountability for U.S. assistance,  a State Department official told Reuters last week, on condition of anonymity.   We are adjusting U.S. assistance to SNA units, with the exception of units receiving some form of mentorship, to ensure that U.S. assistance is being used effectively and for its intended purpose,  the official said. The U.S. suspension comes at a sensitive time. The AU force - with troops from Burundi, Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya and Uganda - is scheduled to leave by 2020. The first 1,000 soldiers will go by the end of 2017. The State Department official said Washington would continue to support small, Somali special forces units mentored by U.S. personnel and would work with the Somali government to agree criteria that could restore support to other units.  It is true that some concerns have been raised on how support was utilized and distributed. The federal government is working to address these,  Somali Minister of Defence Mohamed Mursal told Reuters. Documents sent from the U.S. Mission to Somalia to the Somali government show U.S. officials are increasingly frustrated that the military is unable to account for its aid. The documents paint a stark picture of a military hollowed out by corruption, unable to feed, pay or arm its soldiers - despite hundreds of millions of dollars of support. Between May and June, a team of U.S. and Somali officials visited nine army bases to assess whether the men were receiving food the United States provides for 5,000 soldiers.  We did not find the expected large quantities of food at any location ... there was no evidence of consumption (except at two bases),  the U.S. team wrote to the Somali government.   At one base, less than a fifth of the soldiers listed by Somali commanders were present. The best-staffed base had 160 soldiers out of 550. Only 60 had weapons.  Many appeared to be wearing brand new uniforms. This implied they were assembled merely to improve appearances,  the letter, seen by Reuters, said. An ongoing assessment of the Somali military this year by the Somali government, African Union and United Nations drew similar conclusions.  The joint report seen by Reuters said many soldiers lacked guns, uniforms, food, vehicles or tents. Troops relied on support from AU forces or local militias to survive.  The SNA is a fragile force with extremely weak command and control,  the report said.  They are incapable of conducting effective operations or sustaining themselves.  Most units don t have radios, leaving soldiers to rely on runners to get help when mobile networks go down, the report said. Troops lacked paper to write reports, toilets, boots and medical equipment such as tourniquets. Many slept under trees.  SNA units were at 62 percent of their authorized strength on average. Only 70 percent of them had weapons, the report said. Although the report was deeply critical, diplomats praised the government for trying to quantify the scope of the problem.   The government deserves massive praise for doing it and being willing to talk about it,  Michael Keating, the U.N. s top official in Somalia, told Reuters. The United States also suspended a program paying soldiers $100 monthly stipends in June after the federal government refused to share responsibility for receiving the payments with regional forces fighting al Shabaab. Washington has spent $66 million on stipends over the past seven years but has halted the program several times, concerned the money was not going to frontline soldiers. One Somali document seen by Reuters showed members of a 259-strong ceremonial brass band were receiving stipends this year meant for soldiers fighting militants. The State Department s watchdog said in a report published in October there were insufficient checks on the program and U.S. stipends could fund forces that commit abuses - or even support insurgents.  Officially, Somalia s military is 26,000 strong, but the payroll is stuffed with ghost soldiers, pensioners and the dead, whose families may be receiving their payments, diplomats say.  Intermittent payments from the government have forced many active soldiers to sell their weapons, ammunition or seek other work - practices the U.S. stipends were designed to curb. Washington has whittled down the number of troops it pays to 8,000 from over 10,000 but there is still no reliable payroll, said a Mogadishu-based security expert.  Defence Minister Mursal said the United Nations is creating a biometric database and plans to help the Somali government make cash payments directly to soldiers via mobile phones.  The new government will also set up a separate system for widows, orphans, and the wounded so the payroll would adequately represent military strength, he said. The weakness of Somali forces has deadly consequences. The insurgency is striking with ever larger and more deadly attacks in the capital Mogadishu and major towns. A truck bomb killed more than 500 people in October and a suicide bomber killed at least 18 at a police academy on Thursday. Yusuf, a 35-year-old Somali soldier stationed near the Indian Ocean port of Kismayu, knows what it s like to depend on local militias and AU forces to stay alive. On Sept. 26, insurgents attacked his base at Bula Gadud, killing 15 colleagues and wounding scores more before the local Jubaland militia and AU peacekeepers saved them.   We lost several key members in that battle especially my close friend,  he told Reuters.  We tried to retreat ... after using all the ammunition we had.   A senior Somali security source said when the attack happened, the battalion of more than 1,000 soldiers had only been issued 300 guns.  Defence Minister Mursal said the Somali troops at Bulagadud have since been sent more weapons. Somalia s national security plan calls for a military of 18,000 soldiers, funded by the central government and operating country-wide.  Getting there will be hard. Security experts say the military is dominated by a powerful clan, the Hawiye, which would be reluctant to lose control of the lucrative security assistance revenue stream.  Many regional governments within Somalia already see the Hawiye-dominated federal forces as rivals rather than allies. The government s ability to push reforms depends on balancing demands from federal member states, lawmakers, clan leaders and international partners, the U.N. s Keating said.  It s going to take a long time and its going to run into massive clan resistance,  he said.  Some clans are very dominant in the security forces.  Somalia s partners also need to get serious and coordinate better, said Matt Bryden of the think-tank Sahan Research. According to Sahan, donors - including the EU, AU, Turkey and Uganda - have trained more than 80,000 Somali soldiers since 2004. Bryden said records are so poor it was not clear if many had taken multiple courses, or just quit afterwards.   It s like sand through your fingers   where are they all?  ",1
12267,Cameroon's Anglophones flee to Nigeria as crackdown grows,"IKOM, Nigeria (Reuters) - When soldiers burst into her village in southwest Cameroon last month with guns blazing, small farmer Eta Quinta, 32, raced into the forest with three of her children.  I found a canoe and I used it to cross over with my kids, not knowing where my husband and my (other) two kids are,  she told Reuters across the border in Nigeria, where thousands of English-speaking Cameroonians have fled in past weeks. What began last year as peaceful protests by Anglophone activists against perceived marginalisation by Cameroon s Francophone-dominated elite has become the gravest challenge yet to President Paul Biya, who is expected to seek to renew his 35-years in power in an election next year.   Government repression - including ordering thousands of villagers in the Anglophone southwest to leave their homes - has driven support for a once-fringe secessionist movement, stoking a lethal cycle of violence. The secessionists declared an independent state called Ambazonia on Oct. 1. Since then, 7,500 people have fled to Nigeria, including 2,300 who fled in a single day on Dec. 4 fearing government reprisals after raids by separatists militants killed at least six soldiers and police officers. The United Nations refugee agency UNHCR is preparing for up to 40,000 refugees. Quinta and her children walked for three days through the dense forests to reach a border crossing at the Agbokim Waterfalls. They remain without news of the rest of the family.   There are many pregnant women in the forest,  Quinta said as she held her sick two-month-old baby whose head was covered by a white wooly hat.  I have friends in the forest and am not sure if I will get to see them again or their kids.   At the end of World War One, Germany s colony of Kamerun was carved up between allied French and British victors, laying down the basis for a language split that still persists. English speakers make up less than a fifth of the population of Cameroon, concentrated in former British territory near the Nigerian border that was joined to the French-speaking Republic of Cameroon the year after its independence in 1960. French speakers have dominated the country s politics since. Cameroonian authorities say the English-speaking separatists pose a security threat that justifies their crackdown.   The new arrivals in Nigeria live mainly with host families who have supported them with food, clothing and shelter. The integration, a UNHCR official said, was made easier by the pidgin English spoken on either side of the border. Food and medicine are in limited supply. Four people have died of sicknesses since coming to Nigeria and the refugees sometimes sleep as many as 50 to a five-by-seven meter room. Their anger has grown toward a government they feel no longer represents them, which could provide the separatists with easy recruits.   We were walking for peaceful demonstrations ... but it s because of the killing of our innocent people that is why our own people have started reacting,  said Tiku Michael, a businessman, farmer, father of six and now a refugee.     Even ... God himself, he will not allow things to go (on) like that.  ",1
12268,U.S. jets fire flares to warn Russian jets in Syria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. F-22 fighter aircraft fired warning flares on Wednesday after two Russian Su-25 jets entered an agreed upon deconfliction area in airspace east of the Euphrates river in Syria, the U.S. military said. Eric Pahon, a Pentagon spokesman, said the F-22 aircraft were providing air cover to partnered ground forces when the Russian jets came into airspace near Albu Kamal. The incident lasted for about 40 minutes and coalition officials contacted the Russians through a communication link to avoid a miscalculation.  At one point, Pahon said, a Russian jet came close enough that one of the F-22 aircraft had to  aggressively maneuver to avoid a midair collision.  U.S. officials have said that as the battlefield against Islamic State shrinks, they expect Russian and U.S. aircraft to be in closer proximity. Since early November, Russian jets have flown east of the Euphrates river in the deconflicted airspace about six to eight times a day, according to the U.S. military.  It s become increasingly tough for our pilots to discern whether Russian pilots  actions are deliberate or if these are just honest mistakes,  Pahon said.  The Coalition s greatest concern is that we could shoot down a Russian aircraft because its actions are seen as a threat to our air or ground forces,  he added. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has said the U.S. military will fight Islamic State in Syria  as long as they want to fight,  describing a longer-term role for U.S. troops after the insurgents lose all of the territory they control.  ",1
12269,Brazil pension vote put off until February,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The lower house of Brazil s Congress will delay a vote on a bill trimming social security benefits until Feb. 19, Speaker Rodrigo Maia said on Thursday, pushing a decision on the cornerstone of President Michel Temer s fiscal reforms into an election year. Temer had said he hoped for a vote by next week, but he has struggled to rally lawmaker support for the unpopular pension cuts, which many investors consider essential to reining in Brazil s surging public debt. Brazil s currency, the real, weakened to a seven-month low of 3.34 per U.S. dollar and the benchmark Bovespa stock index fell 0.8 percent after Maia s comments. Investors fear that failure to streamline social security could weaken Brazil s recovery from a deep economic downturn, forcing the central bank to raise interest rates from an all-time low and potentially triggering new sovereign rating downgrades in 2018.  This raises the possibility that the reform will not be approved next year, given political uncertainty surrounding the presidential elections,  said Samar Maziad, a senior analyst at Moody s Investors Service, calling the delay  credit negative.  Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles said he plans to meet next week with credit rating agencies to discuss the fate of the legislation, adding that he hoped it could be enacted by March.  The bill would require Brazilians to work longer before retiring and cut generous pensions for public-sector employees. Lawmakers may be more reluctant to back that as elections approach in October, but Maia suggested they would rise to the challenge.  Even though 2018 is an election year, the fiscal crisis is so big that it will be possible to get pension reform approved,  he said. Temer s last-ditch effort to sell the bill this year was cut short on Wednesday, when he had to fly to Sao Paulo for surgery to treat a narrowing of his urethra. His office said the surgery was successful and that he would remain in the hospital until Friday to recover. But it forced Temer to cancel meetings to muster votes. It became clear this week that Temer did not have the three-fifths super majority, or 308 votes, needed to pass the bill in the lower house of Congress. While ministers were still working to gather more votes, the government s chief whip in the Senate stunned the administration on Wednesday by saying the vote had to be put off to February. ",1
12270,"Saudis welcome U.N. report, U.S. stand on Iran's missile supplies to Houthis: agency","DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia on Thursday welcomed a United Nations report and a U.S. stand on Iran s missile supplies to Yemen s Houthis and demanded immediate action to hold Tehran accountable for its actions, state news agency SPA reported.  The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia welcomes the U.N. report that asserted that the hostile Iranian intervention and its support for the terrorist Houthi militia with advanced and dangerous missile capabilities threatens the security and stability of the kingdom and the region,  SPA said. The agency said Saudi Arabia also welcomed the U.S. position  announced by Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, who presented pieces of what she said were Iranian weapons supplied to the Iran-aligned Houthi and described them as conclusive evidence that Tehran was violating U.N. resolutions. SPA said the evidence, which emerged after the Houthis fired a missile toward the capital Riyadh last month, was proof of violations of U.N. Security Council Resolutions 2216 and 2231 on Yemen, and 1559 and 1701, which relate to Lebanon.  The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia demands the international community to take immediate measures to implement the aforementioned Security Council resolutions and to hold the Iranian regime accountable for its hostile actions,  it said. Saudi Arabia accuses Iran of smuggling missiles to the Houthis through ports used to deliver humanitarian aid and food shipments to Yemen. It said the evidence means the United Nations should tighten its inspection and verification regime for vessels allowed into Yemen. ",1
12271,More than 20 Islamic State militants killed in Syria: U.S.-led coalition,"WASHINGTON/AMMAN (Reuters) - A Pentagon-backed rebel group and the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State killed more than 20 Islamic State fighters and detained a number of militants in the southern Syrian desert near a base, the coalition said on Thursday.  In a statement, the coalition said the Maghawir al Thawra, the rebel group, and the coalition detected a convoy near at-Tanf, near the Syrian border with Jordan and Iraq, early on Wednesday and carried out an operation  to prevent their further incursion.   Despite the presence of Russian-backed, pro-Syrian regime forces in the area, Daesh still finds ways to move freely through regime lines and pose a threat,  Brigadier General Jonathan Braga, the director of operation for the coalition, said, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.  A U.S. official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the convoy had come within the established 55 km (34 miles) around the Tanf base, where U.S. special forces operate. Another U.S. official said more than a dozen militants had been captured by the rebel group.  The statement added that Islamic State militants have been moving freely through areas controlled by pro-Syrian regime forces.   This is the second time this month small groups and convoys of Daesh are moving from the eastern areas of Syria toward the southern area through areas controlled by the regime, the Russians and Shi ite militias,  Colonel Muhanad al Talaa, commander of Maghawir al Thawra told Reuters.  There are Daesh convoys that are moving and that the regime and the Russians are not seeing them, this is a matter that is strange,  Talaa said. ",1
12272,Conservative leader in Canada's Alberta seeks to enter legislature,"CALGARY, Alberta (Reuters) - The Conservative leader in Canada s oil-rich Alberta, Jason Kenney, ran in a special election on Thursday to obtain a seat in the legislature that could lay the groundwork for his efforts to challenge the ruling party in the 2019 provincial polls. Kenney, 49, is running in an electoral district in Canada s oil capital of Calgary, which was vacated by its previous representative so the new party leader could quickly enter the legislature, as is customary. He is expected to win in the district, which has traditionally voted Conservative.  A victory would allow Kenney, a former federal politician, to question the ruling party in the legislature and position him to become premier if his faction wins in the 2019 election. Kenney was the architect of a merger this year of splintered right-leaning factions that created the United Conservative Party (UCP), which will challenge the incumbent, left-leaning New Democratic Party (NDP). The NDP capitalized on divisions among conservatives, taking power in 2015. Alberta, where the Conservatives held power for 40 years before the NDP unexpectedly took over, is home to Canada s vast oil sands and is the largest exporter of crude oil to the United States. The province has been struggling with a three-year slump in global oil prices and a C$10.3 billion ($8.24 billion) budget deficit. Kenney, who was elected UCP leader in October, has been eager to develop policies aimed at cutting costs for the oil and gas sector, and is likely to be welcomed by the energy industry. ",1
12273,'Bad news for our enemies': EU launches defense pact,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union nations, now unfettered by Britain s decision to quit, achieved a 70-year-old ambition on Thursday to integrate their defenses, launching a pact between 25 EU governments to fund, develop and deploy armed forces together. European Council President Donald Tusk deemed the move  bad news for our enemies . First blocked by the French parliament in the 1950s and later by Britain, which feared creation of an EU army, the pact aims to end the squandering of billions of euros by splintered defense policies. It is also aimed at lowering Europe s heavy reliance on the United States.  More than half a century ago, an ambitious vision of the European Defence Community was created but what was missing was the unity and courage to put it into practice,  Tusk, who chairs EU summits, said of the failed 1950s attempt.   The dream was at odds with reality. Today this dream becomes reality,  he said in a speech in front of EU leaders and military personnel from each of the 25 countries involved.  Denmark, which has an opt out from EU defense matters, and Malta, were the only EU countries not to sign up, along with Brexiting Britain. French President Emmanuel Macron, whose election victory in May gave new impetus to efforts to revive defense cooperation after Britons voted in 2016 to leave the bloc, hailed  concrete progress.  Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said the pact would make the EU more agile abroad and would support NATO. The pact, called Permanent Structured Cooperation, or PESCO, is meant as a show of unity and a tangible step in EU integration, diplomats said, particularly after Britain s decision to leave. Caught off guard by Russia s Crimea annexation in 2014 and facing threats ranging from state-sponsored computer hackers to militant attacks, EU governments say the pact is justified by EU surveys showing most citizens want the bloc to provide security. EU governments proved unable to act as a group in the 1990s Balkan wars and relied on U.S.-led NATO to stop the bloodshed on their doorstep. In Libya in 2011, a Franco-British air campaign ran out of munitions and equipment and was again forced to turn to the United States, in what is considered an enduring embarrassment for the EU, a major economic power.  U.S. President Donald Trump s criticism of low European defense spending, a host of divisions on foreign policy, and Trump s warnings to allies that they could no longer rely on the United States if they did not pay up, have also played a role.  It s sad that we needed Donald Trump to give us a boost, but whatever, it is the right outcome,  said former German foreign minister Joschka Fischer, who as minister backed NATO s intervention in Kosovo in 1999 but opposed the 2003 Iraq war. Unlike past attempts at European defense integration, NATO  backs the project, but NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg, who attended part of the summit, warned against duplication. Twenty-two EU countries are also members of NATO.  There has to be coherence between the capability developments of NATO and the European Union. We cannot risk ending up with conflicting requirements from the EU and from NATO to the same nations,  he told reporters.  Forces and capabilities developed under EU initiatives also have to be available for NATO because we only have one set of forces,  Stoltenberg said.  Issues remain about financing future EU missions. An EU defense fund, with money from the European Commission for the first time, still needs to be approved, although a pilot phase is already underway for defense research. In one irony noted by EU diplomats, British Prime Minister Theresa May, who attended the summit, was left seeking a way into the project now that it was an actuality.  A 1998 Anglo-French EU defense accord is considered the genesis of Thursday s agreement. In a possible compromise on PESCO, Britain may be able to join in later on, but only on an exceptional basis if it provides funds and expertise. Britain and France, both nuclear-armed, are Europe s two biggest military powers, and in 2010 set up a Combined Joint Expeditionary Force to cement long-standing ties in defense.  We do face a number of threats across Europe,  May said.  I m very clear that although the British people took a sovereign decision to leave the EU, that does not mean that we were going to be leaving our responsibilities in terms of European security,  she told reporters. ",1
12274,Kenya president's election campaign used firm hired by Trump: privacy group,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - In the run-up to Kenya s August presidential election, the ruling party used divisive social media campaigns created by a U.S. company whose previous clients include President Donald Trump, a Britain-based privacy advocacy group said on Thursday. Two websites - one detailing the accomplishments of President Uhuru Kenyatta and the other attacking opposition leader Raila Odinga - share an IP address with Texas-based Harris Media LLC, according to Privacy International s report. Privacy International said the company used data analytics to target audiences using information gleaned from social media accounts in Kenya, where 1,200 people were killed in inter-ethnic violence after a disputed election a decade ago. Kenyans vote largely along ethnic lines, and candidates appeal to voters on that basis.  This raises serious concerns about the role and responsibility of companies working for political campaigns in Kenya, in which tribal affiliation and region of origin are particularly politically sensitive data, and volatile  coded language  was widely deployed,  Privacy International said. Social media in the East African nation were flooded with ads linking to the  Real Raila  and  Uhuru for Us  sites in the weeks before the Aug. 26 vote. An official for Kenyatta s Jubilee Party denied the report, saying it handled all its campaigns locally. The company, U.S.-based Harris Media LLC, did not respond to a request from Reuters for comment on the report. But the allegations by Privacy International recalled how, for the first time in Kenya s history, social media including fake news, hashtags and trolls dominated the public discussion and stoked tensions in the run-up to the hotly contested presidential election on Aug. 26. Kenyans went to the polls amid concerns over the credibility of the vote and bitter online hate campaigns stoking ethnic tensions, leading to fears of a return to the bloodshed that followed the disputed 2007 vote. The August vote was eventually nullified by the Supreme Court over irregularities. Kenyatta won an October re-run that Odinga boycotted. But violence marred the extended election season, and more than 70 people were killed, mainly by police. Raphael Tuju, Jubilee Party secretary general, denied the party had hired or used Harris Media.  We have heard a lot of those kinds of accusations. We were running a campaign from the Jubilee Headquarters, and we employed local communications experts, led by our own team, and that is it for us,  he told Reuters by phone. Days before the August vote, Facebook released a tool enabling Kenyan users to evaluate content displayed prominently when they log on. The tool contained tips on how to spot fake news, including checking web addresses and looking for other reports on the topic. ",1
12275,Factbox: Candidate platforms in Chile presidential runoff,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Center-left Senator Alejandro Guillier and conservative billionaire Sebastian Pinera will go head to head in a runoff for Chile s presidency on Sunday, after securing the top two spots in the Nov. 19 first-round vote. There have been no major polls in the past month, leaving few indications of who will succeed outgoing center-left President Michelle Bachelet in the world s top copper producer. Below are the main proposals from both candidates:  - The former journalist, elected to the Senate in 2013, has promised to deepen the progressive tax, education and labor reforms of ideological ally Bachelet. His spending plan includes investments in housing and infrastructure and carries a price tag of $10 billion.  - Guillier has pledged to diversify Chile s economy away from copper, or add value to exports by processing the metal at home. He would seek a plebiscite in 2018 to rewrite the dictatorship-era constitution to include more protections for workers and indigenous communities.  - Since the first round, Guillier and Pinera have both endorsed a  public option  to compete with Chile s private pension funds. Once widely praised worldwide, they have been criticized for delivering too-small payouts. Guillier has also recommended a new, mandatory contribution from employers.  - Guillier and Pinera have both called for repeal of state-run copper producer Codelco s mandatory contribution of 10 percent of profits to the military. Guillier has signaled he would seek to maintain the government s strong ties with Codelco workers, something that has spared the company from strikes that have hit private miners under Bachelet. - The billionaire businessman, who served as president from 2010 to 2014, has promised to make Chile the first country in Latin America to achieve  developed nation  status in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a Paris-based club of wealthy nations. - Pinera, the investor favorite, would cut corporate taxes to increase investment. He said his policies would double Chile s economic growth and eliminate poverty by 2025.  - Pinera s $14 billion, four-year spending plan includes an overhaul of Bachelet s tax reform, and $2.7 billion in new investments in infrastructure and hospitals. Pinera said he would pay for his proposals by cutting  unnecessary  government spending and simplifying the tax code. - Pinera wants to revitalize and increase competition in Chile s private pension system. His plan includes new subsidies to raise pensions for women and the middle class, as well as incentives to encourage workers to retire later. - He wants Codelco to deploy a  realistic investment plan using existing resources  and to focus on existing assets rather than new projects. ",1
12276,"Hamas will reverse Trump's Jerusalem move, leader tells Gaza rally","GAZA (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Palestinians including hundreds of gunmen rallied in Gaza on Thursday to mark the 30th anniversary of Hamas s founding and its chief vowed to reverse U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Earlier in the day, Israel shut its border crossings with Gaza in response to daily rocket fire from the Hamas-ruled enclave since Trump s announcement on Dec. 6, which stirred anger across the Arab and Muslim world and concern among Washington s European allies as well as Russia.  We will knock down Trump s decision. No superpower is capable of offering Jerusalem to Israel, there is no Israel that it should have a capital named Jerusalem. Our souls, our blood, our sons and our homes are a sacrifice for Jerusalem,  Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh told the rally in Gaza City.  With gunmen from other Palestinian militant groups showing support for Hamas, Haniyeh added,  We are marching towards Jerusalem, sacrificing millions of martyrs along the way,  and the crowd repeated his chants. Israeli aircraft struck three Hamas facilities before dawn after the latest rocket salvo, Israel s military said. It said it targeted training camps and weapons storage compounds. Hamas usually evacuates such facilities when border tensions rise. Two of the rockets fired by militants were intercepted by Israel s Iron Dome anti-missile system and a third exploded in an open area of southern Israel. There were no reports of casualties on either side of the frontier. The military said in a statement that  due to the security events and in accordance with security assessments , Kerem Shalom crossing - the main passage point for goods entering  Gaza - and the Erez pedestrian crossing would be shut as of Thursday. It did not say how long the closure would last. Around 15 rockets have been fired into southern Israel since Trump s announcement. None of the projectiles has caused serious injury or damage. The attacks have drawn Israeli air strikes that have killed two Hamas gunmen. Two other Palestinians have been killed in confrontations with Israeli troops during stone-throwing protests along the border. Israeli cabinet minister Tzachi Hanegbi said on Israel Radio that while Hamas, which last fought a war with Israel in 2014, was not responsible for the rocket fire, it needed to rein in militants from  breakaway groups  or it would  find itself in a situation where it has to contend  with the Israeli military. In Istanbul on Wednesday, a summit of more than 50 Muslim countries condemned Trump s move and urged the world to respond by recognizing East Jerusalem, captured by Israel along with the West Bank in a 1967 war, as the capital of Palestine. Palestinians want East Jerusalem for the capital of a future state they seek in Israeli-occupied territory. Trump s declaration has been applauded by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as a recognition of political reality and Jews  biblical links to Jerusalem, a city that is also holy to Muslims and Christians. Nazareth, the Israeli Arab city where Jesus is thought to have been raised, has canceled some Christmas celebrations in protest at Trump s move, officials there said. There was no word from Bethlehem, the Palestinian West Bank town that is Jesus s traditional birthplace, whether it was also weighing a cutback on its celebrations at a crucial time of year for the its tourist trade. ",1
12277,Israel must enact law if it wants to hold militants' remains as bargaining chips: court,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel s Supreme Court ruled on Thursday that the state could not keep the bodies of Palestinian gunmen for use as bargaining chips to get back its own dead unless it enacted legislation permitting it to do so. A three-justice panel ruled in favor of militants  families who petitioned to force Israeli authorities to return to them for burial the bodies of militant relatives killed in attacks on Israelis. The court gave the state six months to enact legislation if it wanted to keep the bodies.  Israel has said it was holding the bodies to help it effect the return the remains of the two Israeli soldiers killed in the Gaza Strip in 2014 and two Israeli civilians, whose whereabouts are unknown and whom Israel believes are alive and being held in the enclave by Palestinian Islamist group Hamas. But in a majority ruling, the court said the bodies were being held without authorization because there was no law on the Israeli statute books to regulate their being kept.  It should be emphasized that Israel, a state governed by the rule of law, cannot hold bodies for the purposes of negotiations while there is no specific, clear law in place permitting it to do so,  part of the ruling s summary said. Israel has in the past carried out swaps of prisoners and of militants  remains with Hamas and with the Iranian-backed Lebanese group Hezbollah in exchange for Israeli soldiers and their remains. ",1
12278,"Russia's Putin, on track for easy re-election, laments dearth of rivals","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday he faced no credible high-profile political opponents as he prepared to run for re-election in March, but would work to try to create a more balanced political system. Putin, whom critics have accused of using state TV, the courts and the police to demonize and marginalize the liberal opposition, said earlier this month he would run for re-election in March 2018 - a contest he seems sure to win comfortably and extend his grip on power into a third decade. But in a sign the former KGB officer is keen to strengthen his role as a father of the nation figure rather than as a party political figure, Putin said he planned to run as an independent candidate and garner support from more than one party.  The ruling United Russia party has traditionally backed Putin and is likely to do so again this time, but Putin clearly wants to generate a higher turnout by styling himself as someone who is above the often grubby fray of Russian party politics. Putin said it was too early to set out his electoral program, but named priority issues, aside from helping forge what he called a flexible political system, as nurturing a high-tech economy, improving infrastructure, healthcare, education, productivity and increasing people s real incomes. Putin, 65, has been in power, either as president or prime minister, since 2000, longer than veteran Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and outstripped only by dictator Josef Stalin. With an approval rating of around 80 percent if, as expected, he wins what would be a fourth presidential term, he will be eligible to serve another six years until 2024, when he turns 72. Putin said he was aware he faced no real competition.  The political environment, like the economic environment, needs to be competitive,  Putin told an audience of more than 1,600 Russian and foreign reporters gathered in a Moscow conference hall for his annual news conference.  I will strive for us to have a balanced political system.  He said he regretted the lack of competition, but accused his political opponents of failing to come up with any positive ideas to tackle Russia s problems.   It s important not to just make noise on public squares and speak about the regime,  said Putin.   It s important to propose something to make things better. But when you start to compare what the leaders of the opposition are proposing, especially the leaders of the non-systemic (liberal) opposition, there are a lot of problems.  Opposition leader Alexei Navalny, who is unlikely to be allowed to run against Putin due to what he says is a trumped up criminal conviction, posted an instant riposte on social media. He said he had launched his own program this week but accused Putin of doing his best to ignore it. ",1
12279,"Putin says U.S. gripped by fabricated spymania, praises Trump","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday the United States was in the grip of a fabricated spymania whipped up by President Donald Trump s opponents but he thought battered U.S.-Russia relations would recover one day. Putin, who said he was on first name terms with Trump, also praised the U.S. president for what he said were his achievements.  I m not the one to evaluate the president s work. That needs to be done by the voters, the American people,  Putin told his annual news conference in Moscow, in answer to a question.   (But) we are objectively seeing that there have been some major accomplishments, even in the short time he has been working. Look at how the markets have grown. This speaks to investors  trust in the American economy.  Trump took office in January, saying he was keen to mend ties which had fallen to a post-Cold War low. But since then, ties have soured further after U.S. intelligence officials said Russia meddled in the presidential election, something Moscow denies.  Congress is also investigating alleged contacts between the Trump election campaign and Russian officials amid allegations that Moscow may have tried to exercise improper influence. Putin dismissed those allegations and the idea of a Russia connection as  fabricated.  He shrugged off accusations that Russia s ambassador to the United States had done something wrong by having contacts with Trump campaign figures saying it was  international practice  for diplomats to try to have contacts with all candidates in an election.         What did someone see that was egregious about this? Why does it all have to take on some tint of spymania?,  said Putin.   This is all invented by people who oppose Trump to give his work an illegitimate character. The people who do this are dealing a blow to the state of (U.S.) domestic politics,  he added, saying the accusations were disrespectful to U.S. voters. Moscow understood that Trump s scope for improving ties with Russia was limited by the scandal, said Putin, but remained keen to try to improve relations.  Washington and Moscow had many common interests, he said, citing the Middle East, North Korea, international terrorism, environmental problems and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.  You have to ask him (Trump) if he has such a desire (to improve ties) ...  or whether it has disappeared. I hope that he has such a desire,  said Putin.  We will normalize our relations and will develop (them) and overcome common threats.  However, Putin lashed out at U.S. policy on North Korea, warning a U.S. strike there would have catastrophic consequences. In one of the most dramatic moments of the news conference, Ksenia Sobchak, a TV personality who has said she plans to run against Putin in a presidential election in March, asked him about what she said was the lack of political competition. Putin, 65, has been in power, either as president or prime minister, since the end of 1999. In particular, Sobchak asked about the case of opposition leader Alexei Navalny who looks unlikely to be allowed to run in the election due to what Navalny says is a trumped up criminal case. Putin, who polls suggest will be comfortably re-elected, warned that candidates like Navalny would destabilize Russia and usher in chaos if elected.  Do you want attempted coups d etat? We ve lived through all that. Do you really want to go back to all that? I am sure that the overwhelming majority of Russian citizens do not want this.  Putin said the authorities were not afraid of genuine political competition and promised it would exist. Navalny, commenting on social media, said Putin s response showed that barring him from taking part in next year s presidential election was  a political decision.   It s like he s saying we re in power and we ve decided that it (Navalny running) is a bad idea,  Navalny said. Putin disclosed he planned to run as an independent candidate and garner support from more than one party, in a sign the former KGB officer may be keen to strengthen his image as a  father of the nation  rather than as a party political figure.  Putin named as priority issues nurturing a high-tech economy, improving infrastructure, healthcare, education and productivity and increasing people s real incomes. He coughed his way through the first part of the news conference at times, and misread a placard held up by a journalist which he incorrectly thought said  Bye Bye Putin,  an error he quipped was due to age affecting his eyesight.    ",1
12280,"Putin says Poland should ""grow up"" and stop blaming Moscow for air crash","MOSCOW/WARSAW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said he was tired of hearing allegations from Warsaw that a 2010 plane crash that killed then Polish President Lech Kaczynski was the result of a Russian conspiracy, drawing a sharp rebuke from Warsaw. Responding to a question from a Polish reporter at an annual news conference, Putin said it was time for Poland to move beyond the plane crash, turn a new page, and  grow up . A Polish Air Force Tu-154 plane crashed near the Russian city of Smolensk on April 10, 2010, killing all 96 people on board, including President Kaczynski, whose twin brother Jaroslaw is now the leader of Poland s ruling Law and Justice Party, in power since 2015. A previous Polish government concluded that pilot error was to blame for the crash, but Law and Justice ordered a new investigation which concluded this year that the plane was brought down by explosions on board. The crash remains deeply divisive in Poland, where many politicians emerged from an anti-Communist tradition that long saw Moscow as an enemy. Poland s defense minister denounced Putin s comments.  In the mouth of the leader of a country that is responsible for the Katyn genocide, as well as for the Smolensk tragedy, such words are really shocking,  Antoni Macierewicz told public radio PR 24, referring to a Soviet massacre of thousands of Polish officers and intellectuals during World War Two, as well as the Smolensk crash.  President Putin should finally face the truth: two explosions which eventually destroyed the Tu-154 were incontestably identified by official expertise,  Macierewicz said.  The new investigatory commission created by Macierewicz said in April this year that blasts most likely tore the plane into pieces killing all 96 people seconds before it hit the ground.  It repeated allegations that Russian air traffic controllers had deliberately set the plane on the wrong descent path. Polish prosecutors said then they would press charges against two controllers. Moscow rejected the allegations. ",1
12281,EU Parliament calls on Myanmar to free Reuters journalists,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The president of the European Parliament on Thursday called on Myanmar to protect media freedoms and urged its government to release two Reuters journalists arrested this week.  I hope the authorities in Myanmar will free them as soon as possible,  Antonio Tajani told reporters during an EU summit in Brussels.  Light should be shed on this case and human rights and press freedom should be respected.  A former journalist, the Italian conservative politician said the arrests of Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, who had been working on stories about a military crackdown on the Rohingya Muslim minority, increased the EU s concerns over the Rohingya crisis.  The EU has sanctions in place against Myanmar barring the sale of arms and equipment that can be used for repression. In response to the Rohingya crisis, in October it also suspended invitations to Myanmar military officers. The EU legislature has a limited role in foreign policy. The Union s executive is also looking into the arrests of the journalists. Its mission in Myanmar said in a statement:  We call on the Myanmar authorities to ensure the full protection of their rights. Media freedom is the foundation of any democracy.  ",1
12282,Iraqi Shi'ite paramilitary chief seeks to put troops under national army,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The commander of Iraq s biggest Shi ite Muslim paramilitary group told its fighters on Thursday to take their orders from the national military and cut their ties with the group s political wing. Hadi al-Amiri, leader of the Iran-backed Badr Organisation, also called on the group s fighters to withdraw from the cities under their control. The move paves the way for Amiri to stand in parliamentary elections on May 12. Participation in the election by members of Iraq s Iran-backed Shi ite paramilitaries, collectively known as Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF), has been hotly debated in Iraq. PMF members cannot run for office unless they formally resign their posts. Amiri is the second commander to issue such a call in as many days. He called on those in charge of his armed wing to cut their ties with the group s political party, which holds 22 seats in the Iraqi parliament.  I also call on all my brothers, the commanders of various formations, to clear cities of all signs of militarisation,  he said in a speech. Badr, which says it is loyal to both Iraq and Iran, is the biggest group within the PMF, which fought alongside security forces against Islamic State. Sunni Muslims and Kurds have called on Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who declared victory over Islamic State last week, to disarm the PMF, which they say are responsible for widespread abuses. The PMF were officially made part of the Iraqi security establishment by law and formally answer to Abadi in his capacity as commander-in-chief of the armed forces. Abadi has said the state should have a monopoly on the legitimate use of arms. Qais al-Khazali, head of Asaib Ahl al-Haq, announced a similar move on Wednesday when he said he would place his fighters under Abadi s command. The fighters and their political wing were now separate entities, he said. Powerful Shi ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr set out conditions on Monday for his followers to give the government the weapons they used to fight Islamic State. Iran-backed Harakat Hezbollah al Nujaba, which has about 10,000 fighters and is one of the most important militias in Iraq, said last month it would give any heavy weapons it had to the military once Islamic State was defeated. ",1
12283,Iran says weaponry displayed by Haley is 'fabricated',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Iran rejected as unfounded a U.S. accusation on Thursday that it supplied a missile fired at Saudi Arabia from Yemen on Nov. 4, describing weaponry displayed by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley as  fabricated.   Iran s mission to the United Nations said in a statement that the accusation by the United States was  irresponsible, provocative and destructive.    These accusations seek also to cover up for the Saudi war crimes in Yemen, with the U.S. complicity, and divert international and regional attention from the stalemate war of aggression against the Yemenis,  the statement said.   ",1
12284,"Before election, Putin proposes writing off part of Russians' debts","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is running for re-election in March, has proposed writing off some of the tax debts accumulated by Russian individuals and small businesses. A total of about 80 billion roubles ($1.4 billion) would be written off under Putin s proposal, a high-ranking official told Reuters. Speaking at his annual news conference, Putin said that some of the debt accumulated because of flaws in Russia s tax system.  I think that people should be freed from these payments, and it should be done in the most de-bureaucratic way, without the need to apply to a tax inspection,  he added. He estimated that debts of 42 million people worth 41 billion roubles should be written off. The high-ranking official told Reuters that Putin was speaking about debts for property tax and penalties accrued before 2015 that the tax service recognizes as uncollectible. The debts of 2.9 million self-employed entrepreneurs worth more than 15 billion roubles should also be written off, Putin said. He also proposed writing off profit tax, accumulated by some Russian citizens on their so-called waived debts. According to the high-ranking official, the latter would mean writing off 22 billion roubles. ($1 = 58.8600 roubles) ",1
12285,Austria's Kurz says pro-EU stance secured in deal with far right,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Coalition talks between Austria s far-right Freedom Party and conservatives led by Sebastian Kurz are drawing to a close and have laid down guarantees that the next government will be pro-European, Kurz said on Thursday. Kurz, who is just 31, led the People s Party (OVP) to victory in a parliamentary election on Oct. 15, taking a hard line on immigration that often overlapped with that of the anti-Islam Freedom Party (FPO), which came third . People familiar with their coalition talks, which began on Oct. 25, said a deal might be reached as early as Friday evening and is likely to be struck over the weekend. That would end more than a decade in opposition for the FPO, which was led by the late Joerg Haider when it last entered government in 2000. The FPO has backed away from calling for Austria to follow Britain by holding an  Oexit  referendum on leaving the European Union. It now says it is pro-European but critical of the bloc and wants to prevent further political integration.  It was important to the president, and to me, that the new government have a pro-European orientation. From my point of view, that has been secured,  Kurz told reporters after meeting President Alexander Van der Bellen, adding that he was confident of a deal before Christmas. Kurz did not say what those points were, but the talks are well advanced, with the parties having produced joint lists of planned policies, from lowering taxes while staying within EU budget rules to providing refugees with a  light  version of regular benefit payments for five years.  While those plans have often been expressed vaguely, Kurz and his party have obtained some specific concessions that would limit the FPO s options if it were to turn against the EU. Points already agreed include moving some Foreign Ministry departments in charge of European affairs to the chancellor s office, which Kurz will head, a person close to the coalition talks said.  Those include the task force in charge of preparing for Austria s EU presidency in the second half of next year and the section in charge of coordinating policy for various EU forums, including that of envoys to Brussels, the person said.  Items still being discussed include making it possible to call referendums by petition. Both sides agree on the principle, but the OVP wants a higher threshold   around 10 percent of voters, while the FPO is pushing for 4 percent.  Under the draft terms of their coalition deal, however,  direct democracy is restricted so that an `Oexit  referendum is not possible , one person familiar with the talks said, which a second confirmed.  The deal will also ensure support for EU sanctions against Russia, one added, to guard against the FPO s pro-Russian stance.  Ministerial appointments have yet to be decided but the Foreign, Defence and Interior Ministries are set to come under the FPO s control, that source said.     ",1
12286,U.S. military orders additional probe into August Somalia raid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of U.S. forces in Africa has ordered an additional investigation into an August raid in Somalia by Somali and American forces, the U.S military said on Thursday. Last month, the U.S. military said it did not kill any civilians when it accompanied Somali forces on a deadly raid in the village of Bariire. At the time, it described the dead as  enemy combatants  and that they were members of al Shabaab, the al-Qaeda linked insurgent group.  However, eyewitnesses have told Reuters that 10 civilians were killed and that the military had been drawn into a local clan conflict. In a statement, U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM) said it had referred the incident to the Naval Criminal Investigative Service after media reports alleged misconduct by U.S. personnel to  ensure a full exploration of the facts given the gravity of the allegations.   AFRICOM takes all allegations of misconduct seriously and will leverage the expertise of appropriate organizations to ensure such allegations are fully and impartially investigated,  the statement said.  The United States has stepped up operations in Somalia this year after President Donald Trump loosened restrictions on the military s operations in March. A Navy SEAL was killed in Somalia in May, the first U.S. combat casualty there since Somali militiamen shot down U.S. Black Hawk helicopters in 1993. The United States has also ramped up its use of air strikes, conducting twice as many strikes this year as last year. Somalia has been riven by civil war since 1991. It now has a weak, internationally-backed government, supported by African peacekeepers.  ",1
12287,Undercover Israeli agents in action,"EL-BIREH, West Bank (Reuters) - Reuters photographer Mohamad Torokman found himself staring down the barrel of a gun when he captured the moment an undercover Israeli military group shut down a Palestinian protest, in a rarely witnessed infiltration technique. Photo essay: reut.rs/2Ap07MI Torokman was on assignment near the Jewish settlement of Beit El, close to the Palestinian hub city of Ramallah, on Wednesday where protests were underway against U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Hundreds turned out, as they had done for days following Trump s announcement. Some burnt tires, others hurled stones at Israeli troops, all oblivious to the surprise military move that awaited them.  The undercover personnel were posing as Palestinian protesters and were standing behind the stone-throwers,  said Torokman, who has covered clashes in the region for nearly two decades.  All of a sudden, they started to fire their pistols into the air and throw sound grenades at the same time.  The din of the grenades and guns caused panic among the protesters. Torokman saw eight Israeli personnel, wearing masks fashioned from Arab headdresses or the Palestinian flag, leap into action and detain protesters. He kept photographing, thereby capturing the moment as an undercover agent grappling with a protester swung round, briefly pointing his gun directly at Torokman.  He shouted at me and told me to go away,  said Torokman, who described the atmosphere as terrifying.  I heeded his order for my own safety and I quickly moved away.  The remaining protesters fled as uniformed Israeli troops moved in. Torokman took photographs from a safer location. The incident was over in less than five minutes. It was the third time Torokman saw at first hand the work of the undercover commandos, known in Hebrew as  Mistaravim  or  in Arab disguise , but this was by far the most scary.  The level of risk was the highest this time as the personnel were aiming their weapons at me,  he said. ",1
12288,"Defiant Syrian envoy blames West, Saudis and U.N. as peace talks end","GENEVA (Reuters) - Syrian government negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari accused its opposition, backed by Western countries and Saudi Arabia, of sabotaging a round of U.N.-led peace talks that ended in Geneva on Thursday without any results. He said Damascus did not want the talks to fail but the opposition had put down a precondition last month by concluding a conference known as  Riyadh 2  with a declaration that President Bashar al-Assad had no role in Syria s political transition.  The Riyadh 2 Communique is blackmail of the Geneva process,  Ja afari told reporters.   Those who drew up the Riyadh 2 statement were the ones who sabotaged this round. I mean by that the other side. I mean the Saudis and the Saudi handlers themselves who are the Western countries. They do not want the Geneva process to succeed.   Ja afari said that the Syrian delegation at the Geneva talks had engaged seriously in the round, which he said had focused on counter-terrorism. The mediator of the talks, U.N. Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura, used a television interview on Wednesday to urge Russia to convince its ally Assad of the need to clinch a peace deal to end the nearly seven-year-old war. Ja afari said that Russia was its ally but that de Mistura had made an  error  in the interview with Swiss television channel RTS. His mandate as facilitator of the talks would be reviewed in the light of his report to the U.N. Security Council on Tuesday, Ja afari said.  Nobody can exert pressure on us,  Ja afari told reporters.  We have allies, we have friends, we have people on the ground fighting with us. Therefore what the Special Envoy may mistakenly say does not reflect our relationship with our allies.  Although the Geneva process has made almost no progress, there was some hope at the start of the round that de Mistura would succeed in getting the two sides to meet, rather than shuttling between them.  But Ja afari ruled that out while the opposition stuck to its Riyadh statement, and dismissed a question about what he might say if he were to meet the opposition face-to-face at a possible Syria meeting in Sochi early in 2018, which Russia is trying to organize.   We are politicians, we don t work in science fiction,  he said. ",1
12289,"Arms supplied by U.S., Saudi ended up with Islamic State, researchers say","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Arms provided by the United States and Saudi Arabia to Syrian opposition groups frequently ended up in the hands of Islamic State, an arms monitoring group that analyzed weapons found on the battlefield said on Thursday. Conflict Armament Research (CAR) said most Islamic State weapons were looted from the Iraqi and Syrian armies. But some were originally provided by other countries, mainly the United States and Saudi Arabia, to Syrian opposition groups fighting against President Bashar al-Assad.  These findings are a stark reminder of the contradictions inherent in supplying weapons into armed conflicts in which multiple competing and overlapping non-state armed groups operate,  the group said in a 200-page report. CAR documented at least 12 cases of weaponry purchased by the United States that ended up in Islamic State s hands, either captured on the battlefield or acquired through shifting alliances within the Syrian opposition. Most of these items later ended up in Iraq, the monitor said. In one case, it took only two months for Islamic State fighters in Iraq to get their hands on a guided anti-tank missile the United States bought from a European country and supplied to a Syrian opposition group. All of the items were made in EU states, and in most cases the United States broke contractual clauses prohibiting retransfers by giving the weapons to armed groups in Syria.  Evidence collected by CAR indicates that the United States has repeatedly diverted EU-manufactured weapons and ammunition to opposition forces in the Syrian conflict. IS forces rapidly gained custody of significant quantities of this materiel.  CAR said it similarly traced numerous items used by Islamic State back to exports from Bulgaria to Saudi Arabia, and that these were also subject to non-retransfer clauses that should have barred them from being supplied to Syrian warring parties. Around 90 percent of weapons and ammunition used by Islamic State in Syria and Iraq were made in China, Russia, and Eastern European countries, CAR said, with China and Russia alone accounting for over 50 percent.  These findings support widespread assumptions that the group initially captured much of its military materiel from Iraqi and Syrian government forces,  the report said. Russian-made weapons used by Islamic State in Syria outnumbered Chinese ones,  presumably reflecting Russian supplies to the Syrian regime,  CAR said. Russia is allied with Assad and launched air strikes in Syria in September 2015, its biggest Middle East intervention in decades, turning the tide of the conflict in his favor. On Saturday Iraq declared final victory over Islamic State, which seized more than a third of the country s territory in 2014. Last week Russia declared victory over the group in Syria. CAR reported last year that Islamic State had been making its own weapons on a scale and with sophistication matching national military forces, and that it had standardized production across its realm. Link to the CAR report: here ",1
12290,"Indian tycoon's extradition hearing told of abuse of UK ""Chennai Six""","LONDON (Reuters) - One of the  Chennai Six  group of ex-British soldiers jailed in India was dragged to a psychiatric hospital and force-fed anti-psychotic tablets during his time in jail, a London court considering whether to extradite Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya was told on Thursday. Mallya, 61, is wanted in India on fraud and money-laundering charges relating to his defunct Kingfisher Airlines and Indian authorities want to recover about $1.4 billion they say Kingfisher owes.  The businessman, co-owner of the Force India Formula One team, who moved to Britain in March last year, says the case him is politically motivated and is fighting extradition on several grounds including a claim that jail conditions in India are incompatible with British human rights laws. As part of this, his lawyer quizzed prison conditions expert  Dr Alan Mitchell about a conversation he had had two days ago with one of the former British soldiers who had been held for four years in India on weapons-smuggling charges after the vessel they were working on strayed into Indian waters in 2013. The soldiers were released from jail in Chennai, eastern India, after a successful appeal and began arriving back in Britain last week. The ex-soldier, named only as  A , said he had been grabbed by 15 prison guards and prisoners and taken to a psychiatric hospital because he had been  excessively walking  around the prison, Mitchell told London s Westminster Magistrate Court.  While in the psychiatric hospital, he stated he was tied up, gagged, he was beaten and he was forcibly injected. In addition he described being force-fed anti-psychotic tablets that he managed to spit out,  Mitchell said. Asked by Mallya s lawyer Clare Montgomery about assurances given over the treatment of Mallya, who she said had diabetes, coronary artery disease and sleep apnoea, Mitchell said the British government had likewise told parliament that the Chennai Six were being well looked after.  Despite assurances having been given in parliament,  A  was extremely disappointed by what effect the involvement of the High Commission and the UK government had on conditions in which he and his fellow prisoners were held,  he said. Mark Summers, the lawyer representing the Indian government, said Mitchell s evidence involved an uncorroborated account which could be used as a  platform for a compensation claim against the UK government . He said conditions in Chennai would bear no relation to the jail in Mumbai where Mallya would be held. Another hearing in the London extradition case against Mallya will be held on Jan. 10 with a decision expected at a later date. ",1
12291,Nigeria to release $1 billion from excess oil account to fight Boko Haram,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigerian state governors on Thursday approved the release of $1 billion from the country s excess oil account to the government to help fight the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency. The account holds foreign reserves from excess earnings from sales of crude. It currently totals $2.3 billion, according to Nigeria s accountant general.  We are pleased with the federal government achievements in the insurgency war and in that vein state governors have approved that the sum of $1 billion be taken from the excess crude account by the federal government to fight the insurgency war to its conclusion,  said Godwin Obaseki, Edo state governor.  The money will cover the whole array of needs which includes purchase of equipments, training for military personnel and logistics,  he told reporters after a meeting of Nigeria s national economic council. The release of such a large sum could raise concerns over corruption, endemic in Nigeria. The next presidential and gubernatorial national elections are scheduled for February and March 2019. Historically, the run-up to elections has seen rampant graft and theft of public funds as politicians build war chests to contest the vote. The insurgency in the northeast is in its ninth year. Deadly attacks on the military and civilians continue, and large areas are out of government control. Officials have siphoned off funds meant for aid for 8.5 million people in the region. In October, President Muhammadu Buhari sacked the country s top civil servant, accused of having inflated the value of contracts for aid projects, part of a suspected kickback scheme. The United Nations appealed to donors for $1.05 billion to fund humanitarian aid in the northeast in 2017, and says it will require another $1.1 billion in 2018. Nigeria, which has Africa s largest economy, has come under fire for devoting little of its own resources to humanitarian aid. Military officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, have said troops are undersupplied and underpaid, with weapons, vehicles and other basic equipment often in disrepair or lacking. Some have alleged their own officers are skimming from already-meagre supplies. The release of the funds is a further sign the Nigerian government and military may be abandoning their two-year narrative that Boko Haram has been all but defeated. Nigeria s long-term plan is now to corral civilians inside fortified garrison towns - effectively ceding the countryside to Boko Haram. Earlier this month, Nigeria replaced the military commander of the campaign against Boko Haram after half a year in the post. Military sources told Reuters that came after a series of  embarrassing  attacks by the Islamists. ",1
12292,Planned changes to criminal code in Romania seen as weakening anti-graft fight,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - A fresh row over judicial changes in Romania broke out on Thursday with prosecutors and the political opposition warning that proposed amendments to the criminal code would weaken the fight against corruption and other crimes. A parliamentary commission will start next Monday to debate the changes which have been introduced by the ruling Social Democrats. Under the proposals, prosecutors will have to tell potential suspects they are about to be investigated and restrict the types of evidence prosecutors can use to prove cases. Temporary 30-day arrest warrants, much used by police and prosecutors in corruption cases, might be scrapped. Prosecutors may also be restricted from drawing on  wiretaps, street camera footage and digital evidence. They could also be forbidden from publicly disclosing the names of suspects until their cases effectively go to trial. Another proposed change would have witnesses give testimony in the presence of the accused - something which could prove to be an ordeal for a victim of human trafficking, for example. Romania s anti-corruption prosecution unit (DNA) has sent 72 deputies and senators to trial since 2006 alongside cabinet ministers, a sitting Prime Minister and hundreds of mayors and other public officials.  Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union s most corrupt states though Brussels, which has Romania s justice system under special monitoring, has praised magistrates for their efforts to curb graft. Prosecutors said the changes, if they went through, would seriously hinder the fight for law and order.  Approving these changes will limit prosecutors  ability to  carry out their activities as well as exercising their constitutional role of representing society s general interest and defending the rule of law and citizens  rights,  the prosecutor general s office said in a statement.  These changes could have a devastating impact on criminal investigations because they eliminate the indispensable legal instruments needed to investigate,  the DNA said in a statement. While the Social Democrats have said the changes are needed to bring legislation in line with an EU directive, the Commission has criticized the proposed overhaul. The Social Democrats have already used their solid majority to approve a judicial overhaul in the lower house that threatens to put the justice system under political control. The senate, which has the final say, is expected to approve the bills next week. The proposed reforms have been criticized by the European Commission, the U.S. State Department, thousands of magistrates and centrist President Klaus Iohannis.  Thousands of Romanians staged protests against them in recent weeks but the coalition has so far shrugged them off. ",1
12293,"Six months on, Grenfell fire survivors weep at London memorial","LONDON (Reuters) - Survivors of a blaze that killed 71 people six months ago in the Grenfell Tower social housing block in west London wept during a multi-faith memorial service at St Paul s Cathedral on Thursday attended by members of the royal family. Bereaved relatives held pictures of their loved ones as they commemorated Britain s deadliest fire since World War Two, a tragedy that has profoundly shocked the nation. Fire broke out in the middle of the night on June 14 and quickly gutted the 24-storey building, which was home to a multi-ethnic community living in a poor area within one of London s richest boroughs, Kensington and Chelsea. The disaster highlighted the area s extreme disparities in living conditions between rich and poor and fueled a debate over why safety concerns voiced by tower residents before the fire had been ignored. The service reflected the multi-cultural character of the Grenfell community, with Christian and Muslim prayers and music from Middle Eastern, Caribbean and Western traditions. It also addressed the anger of many survivors over what they perceive as the neglect of their community before and after the fire. A majority of the hundreds of people displaced by the fire are still staying in hotels because suitable permanent homes have not been provided yet.  Today we ask why warnings were not heeded, why a community was left feeling neglected, uncared for, not listened to,  Graham Tomlin, Bishop of Kensington, told the congregation.   Today we hold out hope that the public inquiry will get to the truth of all that led up to the fire at Grenfell Tower ...  and we trust that the truth will bring justice.  Police are investigating the fire and say charges may be brought against individuals or organizations. A separate public inquiry is under way on the causes of the fire and the authorities  response. Prime Minister Theresa May, opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, London Mayor Sadiq Khan, heir-to-the-throne Prince Charles and his sons Prince William and Prince Harry were among those attending the service along with bereaved families and firefighters who took part in the rescue effort on the night. The devastation inside Grenfell Tower was such that it took police and forensic scientists several months to recover and identify all human remains. The final death toll was 53 adults and 18 children. The service began when a white banner bearing a large green heart emblazoned with the word  Grenfell  was carried through the congregation to the pulpit by a Catholic priest and Muslim cleric from the area around the charred tower. Later, a young Syrian musician played a mournful tune on the oud, an instrument commonly played in the Middle East and parts of Africa, where many Grenfell residents had ties.  A choir of Muslim schoolgirls performed a song called  Inshallah , and survivor Nadia Jafari, who escaped from the tower but lost her elderly father Ali, read a poem called  Remember Me  by the 13th century Persian poet and scholar Rumi. The service also included a rendition of Leonard Cohen s  Hallelujah  performed by a Caribbean-style steel band, and a performance of  Somewhere  from the musical  West Side Story.  Schoolchildren from the Grenfell area scattered green hearts, a symbol of solidarity with the victims and survivors, around the cathedral s altar. ",1
12294,The growth of Syria's humanitarian crisis,"LONDON (Reuters) - While 2017 saw the tide of the military conflict in Syria seemingly turn against Islamic State forces, the humanitarian crisis prompted by the conflict intensified in severity and in the breadth of the areas of the country it affects. For a graphic on Syria's population needs, click  tmsnrt.rs/2AGP18C As a result of the conflict, more than 13 million Syrian civilians are classified as being in need - over 5.5 million of them in acute need - and are facing threats to their physical security, basic rights and living conditions. For a graphic on Syrian IPD camps, click  tmsnrt.rs/2jqdybT These Reuters graphics chart a range of measures of the effects of Syria s crisis between 2016 and 2017, from internally displaced people to the severity of humanitarian needs. For a graphic on population exposed to hostilities, click  tmsnrt.rs/2ApEsHA In addition, other graphics look at the 2017 data revealing the amount that the country s population that has exposed to hostilities and communities where vital services have become overburdened. For a graphic on overburdened communities in Syria, click tmsnrt.rs/2A21vHU The data reveals growth in both the areas of the country that have been affected by the conflict, and the intensity of the humanitarian situation in those areas, using data provided by the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. ",1
12295,Chronology: It only took seven decades: the path to EU's defense pact,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Twenty-five EU governments have agreed a defense pact to mark a new era of greater European military integration after Britain s decision to quit the bloc. Below is a list of dates in European defense cooperation: 1949 - The United States, Canada and European countries set up the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), a U.S.-led military alliance. 1950 - The European Defence Community is proposed as a European alternative to NATO to incorporate West Germany and create a European army, a joint budget and shared arms.  1954 - The French parliament rejects the European Army plan. Belgium, France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Britain form the Western European Union, a common defense group with a shared air force and joint command. 1993 - The EU s Maastricht Treaty redefines European integration and introduces a Common Foreign and Security Policy as one of its goals, allowing European governments to take joint action in foreign policy. 1998 - Britain and France agree to common defense in the Saint-Malo Declaration, and London pledges to play a central role in the security and defense policy of the European Union. 2003 - The European Union launches its first independent military mission outside of Europe, Operation Artemis, with United Nations backing, to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 2004 - The European Defence Agency is formed to help EU governments develop their military capabilities. 2007 - Rapid-reaction forces of about 1,500 soldiers, called EU Battlegroups, are formed under control of the Council of the European Union. However, they are never used. 2009 - The EU s Lisbon Treaty strengthens the Common Foreign and Security Policy, creating an EU foreign policy chief. 2011 - France and Britain lead a campaign to oust Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi but cannot impose no-fly zone without U.S. aircraft, munitions. 2017 - 25 EU governments launch a defense pact to integrate military planning, weapons development and operations that will rely on a 5 billion-euro ($5.83 billion) defense fund. ",1
12296,Nazareth cuts back Christmas celebrations to protest Trump's Jerusalem move,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Nazareth, the Israeli Arab city where Jesus is thought to have been raised, has canceled some Christmas celebrations in protest at U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, an official said. Trump announced the move last week, reversing decades of U.S. policy and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, jeopardizing Middle East peace efforts and upsetting the Arab world and Western allies alike. Nazareth, the largest Arab town in Israel with a Muslim and Christian population of 76,000, is one of the Holy Land s focal points of Christmas festivities.  We have decided to cancel the traditional Christmas singing and dancing because we are in a time of dispute, because of what Trump has said about Jerusalem,  city spokesman Salem Sharara said. Nazareth is traditionally thought to be where Jesus grew up. The imposing Basilica of the Annunciation in central Nazareth is built on a site which many Christian faithful believe was the childhood home of Jesus  mother, Mary.  Sharara said the town s market stalls and the traditional Christmas church services would be held as they are every year. Within an hour of the announcement, the Palestinian towns of Bethlehem, Jesus s traditional birthplace, and Ramallah in the Israeli-occupied West Bank briefly switched off their Christmas lights in protest.  There was no word from the Bethlehem municipality whether it was also weighing a cutback on its celebrations at a crucial time of year for the town s tourist trade. ",1
12297,Britain expresses grave concerns over arrest of Reuters journalists in Myanmar,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has expressed grave concerns to the government of Myanmar over the arrest of two Reuters journalists, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Thursday.  Myanmar s Ministry of Information said in a statement on Wednesday that the journalists and two policemen faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act. The 1923 law carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years.  We have already expressed our grave concerns to the Burmese government,  Johnson told reporters in London.  We are committed to freedom of speech and people s ability to report the facts and bring into the public domain what is happening in Rakhine state,  he said. ",1
12298,India PM Modi's party seen sweeping state polls in popularity boost,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi s ruling group will sweep an election in his home state of Gujarat, surveys showed on Thursday, shaking off the most serious challenge yet from a combined opposition.  The election for a new state assembly in Gujarat is seen as a litmus test for Modi ahead of a national election in 2019. Voting closed on Thursday.  A win would help him dismiss critics who said the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party s support base was eroding after last year s shock move to ban high-value currency notes in the fight against graft, and poor implementation of a national sales tax this year hit businesses. The Congress party led by Rahul Gandhi and teaming up with regional politicians has run a tough campaign aiming to weaken Modi in his home base and rouse public discontent over lack of jobs and a softening economy.  But three separate television exit polls at the close of the final round of voting on Thursday showed the BJP winning more than 100 seats in the 182-member state house, well clear of the half-way mark of 92 required to rule.  Congress, the main opposition party, will win 70-74 seats, the polls showed, better than in the past but not enough to oust the BJP from power.  Another exit poll, conducted by a Today s Chanakya group, gave the BJP a two-thirds victory.  The actual votes will be counted on Monday and exit polls and other surveys have often gone wrong in India, where millions vote. The Congress party said it was too quick to call the election based on exit polls.  The BJP has ruled Gujarat since 1998, with Modi as its chief minister for more than a decade before he became prime minister three years ago.  Modi has won praise for transforming the coastal state into an economic powerhouse and deploying business-friendly policies to lure foreign investors. To ensure his party s prospects, Modi led from the front to campaign in the state and addressed dozens of public rallies, performed rituals and even waved from a sea plane on the last day of his campaign trail. On Thursday, Modi cast his ballot in Gujarat s Ahmedabad city and then hit the streets again, showing off his inked finger as he walked, surrounded by hundreds of supporters.  In separate exit surveys released for state polls held in Himachal Pradesh state also showed Modi s party emerging as a winner. ",1
12299,Italy adopts living wills allowing patients to refuse treatment,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s Senate passed into law on Thursday a bill allowing severely ill people to refuse treatment that would prolong their lives. The bill passed 180 votes to 71 in the face of opposition from right wing parties. It allows all adults to prepare a document to express their preferences on how to be treated if they lose the faculty to choose or express their choice. Some 10 years after legislation on patients  rights to choose what care to receive at the end of their lives was first proposed, the lower house of parliament approved the bill in April. This will be one of the government s last acts before parliament is dissolved ahead of elections next year. The ruling Democratic Party (PD) had pledged another civil rights measure, making it easier for the children of migrants to obtain citizenship, but this law now looks unlikely to pass.  Parliament s decision makes everyone takes a step forward in terms of civilization for the country and of human dignity,  Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, who is not a party leader and is unlikely to run in the election, said in Brussels.  By Italian parliamentary standards, the bill s passage was relatively swift thanks to an agreement between two of the biggest parties - the PD and the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement - to vote it through. The deal was a rare example of cooperation between the two parties, which are usually bitter enemies. The anti-immigrant Northern League, which vies with former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi s Forza Italia party for the most votes on the right, fiercely fought the bill. Forza Italia also opposed it, though less strongly.   This law is a precursor to euthanasia,  said Northern League senator Gian Marco Centinaio. Final discussion of the bill coincided with the high-profile case of a disc jockey paralyzed and blinded in a road accident who went to Switzerland to be helped to die. A Radical party member and right-to-die activist who accompanied Fabiano Antoniani, known as DJ Fabo, to the Swiss clinic, is currently on trial in Milan for aiding suicide. In the living wills, which can be recorded on video if the patient cannot write, food and water can be refused as well as medical treatment. However if a patient refuses treatment, the doctor is still obliged to reduce their suffering, and can also use sedation. The law also gives doctors scope to object on conscientious or religious grounds. ",1
12300,NATO's Stoltenberg says EU and NATO stronger together,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg welcomed greater cooperation between the Western military alliance and European Union on Thursday, saying the two were stronger together.  Forces and capabilities developed under EU initiatives have to be available also for NATO because we only have one set of forces,  NATO s secretary general told reporters on arrival at a summit of European leaders.  Together we are stronger.  With Brexit also on the summit s agenda, he said that Britain s withdrawal from the EU would not change its relationship with the military alliance. ",1
12301,In-flight sexual assaults often unreported; airlines need to step up," SINGAPORE/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - When a 17-year-old Bollywood actress took to social media this week alleging she was sexually assaulted on an airplane, she appeared to catch the airline industry off-guard. Her allegations - denied by the man accused of the assault on a domestic Vistara flight in India - triggered online outrage and prompted a rare police investigation. The incident, coming shortly after Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg s sister Randi, a Silicon Valley executive, said via social media that she had been a victim of sexual harassment on an Alaska Airlines flight, highlights a risk to airlines: they need to do more than just respond once an incident goes public and their brand comes under fire.  It s a global issue and every country has to deal with the fallout,  said Saj Ahmad, a London-based analyst at Strategic Aero Research.  Being prepared to address passenger concerns rather than being reactive to social media complaints will arguably help address these problems in real time.  Most people Reuters contacted about in-flight sexual misconduct, against passengers and crew - including airlines, flight attendant unions and airline training consultants - said incidents are vastly under-reported. Last year, according to the International Air Transport Association (IATA), airlines globally reported just 211 instances of  inappropriate sexual behavior . That s among 3.8 billion passengers on more than 40 million flights. In a statement, IATA said fewer than half those cases were reported to the authorities, which is why there are so few police investigations.  Victims are required to press charges, the airline can t do that for them,  said Taylor Garland, spokeswoman for the U.S. Association of Flight Attendants.  We believe under-reporting occurs.  Andrew Herdman, director general of the Association of Asia Pacific Airlines, said the IATA data needs to be viewed with caution  as event descriptions are not always standardized  and there are  significant variations in the level of voluntary reporting by airlines.   With regard to incidents involving sexual harassment, ranging from verbal intimidation to actual physical assault, these are relatively rare, but always taken seriously,  he said. Among nearly two dozen major airlines contacted by Reuters, only Japan Airlines Co Ltd gave actual figures on incidents of sexual harassment on its flights: around 10-20 a year, with police called in on some cases. Suhaila Hassan, head of cabin crew at Malaysia-based budget airline AirAsia Bhd, said there had been no reported cases of passenger-on-passenger harassment, though there were occasional instances of cabin crew being harassed. She said it was possible some incidents were not reported to the airline.  That could be the case because of the culture. People feel shy and embarrassed if revealed,  she said. The airlines  comments fit with broader studies that estimate three of every four sexual harassment incidents in the workplace in United States go unreported. In Asia, there s less of a culture of public discourse on sexual harassment.  We tend to have a culture where ... people don t generally speak up,  said Jason Tan, a former Singapore Airlines flight attendant who works as a consultant training cabin crews in Asia and the Middle East.  Victims tend to suffer in silence.  ElsaMarie D Silva, a former flight attendant at Jet Airways, now runs a website crowdsourcing cases of sexual harassment and abuse. She said cases are under-reported in India because of the associated shame and a culture where the onus is on the victim to prove the allegations.  The time has come for Indian aviation to take this more seriously,  she said. Most airlines train their cabin crews to deal with a broad category of  unruly passenger incidents  - ranging from physical abuse and obscene behavior to verbal threats and tampering with aircraft equipment.  Crews are trained in these incidents, but to a limited extent,  said Philip Baum, managing director of Green Light, an aviation security training firm and consultancy.  Most cabin crew security courses around the world are completed in one day. Some take two days. There are so many scenarios, you could spend a week just going through all the types of unruly passenger.  According to IATA, a third of almost 10,000 unruly passenger incidents reported last year involved intoxication. Just 2 percent were of inappropriate sexual behavior.  While such incidents are rare, our crew are highly trained to manage any situation which may be dangerous or threatening,  said a spokeswoman for European budget airline easyJet. American Airlines recently decided to provide  enhanced  training in sexual harassment matters as part of a broader diversity and inclusion drive, a spokeswoman said, declining to give further details. And United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz this week told the carrier s over 90,000 employees there was  zero tolerance  for sexual harassment of customers or staff, according to a memo on the airline s website, but he did not specify any extra training. A survey by the U.S. Association of Flight Attendants this year found a fifth of cabin crew respondents had experienced a passenger-to-passenger assault while working on a flight. The union has expressed concern that policies related to passenger sexual misconduct are rarely highlighted. More than half those surveyed said they had no knowledge of specific policies. The same appears to apply in India, too, said Satvik Varma, a New Delhi-based independent litigation lawyer.  There s no lack of regulations,  he said.  What we re grappling with here is a lack of implementation and a lack of knowledge of these regulations.  ",1
12302,Merkel says good chance to start next phase of Brexit talks,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday she believed there was a good chance that the next phase of Brexit negotiations could begin.  Progress has been made regarding the exit of Great Britain, but there are some open questions so it is good that we will talk about it tomorrow,  she said before a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels. She said she welcomed the work the EU s chief Brexit negotiator had made on agreeing an outline deal on divorce issues.  Therefore I see a good chance that we can now begin phase two,  she said. ",1
12303,Zimbabwe ex-leader Mugabe visits Singapore hospital: sources,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Former Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe visited a hospital in Singapore this week apparently for medical checks, his first trip outside his country since he was ousted from office last month, sources in Singapore said on Thursday. The 93-year-old former leader who ruled the southern African nation for 37 years, resigned after the army and his ruling ZANU-PF party turned against him when it became clear that his 52-year-old wife, Grace, was being groomed as his successor. Mugabe left Harare with his wife and aides on Monday evening, a Zimbabwe state security official said this week. He was expected to also visit Malaysia where his daughter is expecting a child. An Air Zimbabwe flight arrived in Singapore on Tuesday. Mugabe visited a private hospital in central Singapore on Wednesday with an entourage that included his security guards, the sources who were familiar with the visit told Reuters. They spoke on the condition they were not identified as they are not authorized to speak to the media. A spokesman at the hospital said he would not be able to confirm whether Mugabe had visited its clinics. Mugabe has a reputation for extensive international travel, including regular medical trips to Singapore - a source of public anger among his impoverished citizens.   ",1
12304,Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa calls for end to Western sanctions,"HARARE (Reuters) - New President Emmerson Mnangagwa on Thursday called for the removal of Western sanctions on members of Zimbabwe s ruling elite and said elections due in 2018 were  nearer than you expect .  The United States maintains a travel and economic embargo on several ZANU-PF party officials, top military figures and some government-owned firms. It imposed it during former president Robert Mugabe s rule over what it called violations of human rights and democracy. The EU lifted most of its sanctions in 2014 but kept them on Mugabe and his wife Grace.   We call for the unconditional lifting of the political and economic sanctions, which have crippled our national development,  Mnangagwa told a meeting of the ZANU-PF central committee in downtown Harare.   We realize that isolation is not splendid or viable as there is more to gain through solidarity, mutually beneficial partnerships.  Mnangagwa, 75, became leader of the southern African nation last month after the military and ruling ZANU-PF turned against Mugabe, who had ruled the country for 37 years and was thought to be grooming his wife to succeed him. In the latter half of Mugabe s rule, the economy collapsed, especially after violent and chaotic seizures of thousands of white-owned commercial farms. The issuance of billions of dollars of domestic debt to pay for a bloated civil service triggered a collapse in the value of Zimbabwe s de facto currency and hyperinflation. The International Monetary Fund has promised to send a staff mission to Zimbabwe soon to meet with officials of the new government and assess the country s fiscal and economic situation. The international community will also be closely watching the next elections in 2018. The vote is due at the end of July in 2018 but there is talk it could be brought forward to as early as March.  Government will do all in its powers to ensure that the elections are credible, free and fair. These elections are nearer than what you expect,  Mnangagwa said without elaborating. The ruling and opposition parties have said they will ask electoral authorities to extend next week s voter registration deadline into February after the de facto military coup last month disrupted the registration process. Mnangagwa will be confirmed as party leader and its candidate for the presidential elections at a special one-day congress on Friday with Mugabe absent.  The 93-year-old former leader reportedly visited a hospital in Singapore for medical checks this week.  In comments suggesting he intends to draw a line under years of endemic corruption and impunity, Mnangagwa said he would name and shame those who failed to return stolen public funds after a three-month amnesty ending in February next year. He is under pressure to deliver, especially on the economy, which is in the grip of severe foreign currency shortages.  I have given three months for those who have taken money out of this country to bring it back,  the president said.   I didn t say that without knowledge. I have a list of who took money out, so in March when the period expires, those who have not heeded my moratorium, I will name them and shame them,  he said to loud applause. Separately, Former Zimbabwe finance minister Ignatius Chombo faced new corruption charges on Thursday. ",1
12305,German police raid locations linked to Islamist militants,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German police investigating four people suspected of planning an Islamist-motivated attack raided nine locations in Berlin and the eastern state of Saxony Anhalt on Thursday, prosecutors said. The four suspects, aged between 18 and 21, are accused of being members of the Islamic State group, prosecutors and police said in a statement. Three are believed to be in Syria: two traveled from Berlin via Istanbul to Islamic State-held territory in Syria in November 2016 and a third is accused of receiving military training in Syria. The fourth is believed to have helped the other three travel there. Prosecutors did not say if any arrests were made in the raids, mounted by some 130 officers, including special forces, who confiscated electronic devices.  The General Prosecutor s Office in Berlin is investigating four suspects aged between 18 and 21 who are suspected of membership in a terrorist organization (IS) as well as of preparing a serious crime against the state,  the statement said. Bild newspaper said police had arrested a number of people suspected of having links to a failed asylum seeker who killed 12 people by driving a truck into crowds at a Berlin Christmas market last year. Tunisian Anis Amri escaped after launching the Dec. 19 attack and was shot by Italian police in Milan less than a week later. The affair exposed failings by intelligence agencies who had stopped surveillance of Amri after concluding he posed no danger. Security at Christmas markets has been beefed up this year with guards and concrete blocks. ",1
12306,"Broke South Sudan hike fees, blocks aid despite appeal for cash","NAIROBI (Reuters) - South Sudan is hiking fees for humanitarians and blocking them from reaching hungry families, even as the oil-rich country appeals for nearly 2 billion dollars to help avert starvation amid a civil war, five aid groups told Reuters. The government and the United Nations announced on Wednesday that South Sudan needs $1.7 billion in aid next year to help 6 million people   half its population   cope with the effects of war, hunger and economic decline. But aid groups said bureaucracy, violence and rocketing government fees were stopping their work, despite a promise from President Salva Kiir to allow unhindered access after the United States threatened to pull support to the government in October. All the aid workers spoke on condition of anonymity, citing fear of expulsion from the country.  Alain Noudehou, the U.N. s top humanitarian official in the country, said the increased fees are a major concern.  [It] will take away from the resources we have to address the crisis,  Noudehou, humanitarian coordinator for the U.N. Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS), said on Wednesday.  Juba announced plans in March to charge each foreign aid worker $10,000 per annual permit but later dropped them. It revised the fees steeply upwards last month, however, requiring some foreign aid workers to pay $4,000 for a permit   16 times the old rate.  At least two aid groups have paid, they told Reuters on condition of anonymity.  Humanitarian Affairs Minister Hussein Mar Nyout said on Wednesday he had received many complaints over the new fees and restrictions on travel for some aid workers.   This is not in the spirit of the president and we are going to implement the order of the president,  he said in response to questions at a news conference.                 About one-third of South Sudan s 12 million population have fled their homes since the civil war began in 2013, two years after it won independence from Sudan. The United Nations describes the violence as ethnic cleansing. Earlier this year, pockets of the country plunged briefly into famine.  The economy has nosedived, there is hyperinflation, and the government is unable to pay civil servants and soldiers because oil production has collapsed and official corruption is rampant.      The confusion over permits delays aid, organizations said.    Nobody understands who is giving directives and who is supposed to implement,  said the head of one international aid group in South Sudan. He said customs have seized his organization s IT equipment, despite an import tax waiver for aid groups. Last week, a team of doctors said they were denied permission to travel outside the capital because they had not received work permits they had paid for.  Another aid group said it is unable to bring in foreign  medical staff to complete a government-approved project because authorities said even a consultant visiting South Sudan for a week had to pay $4,000 for a permit that takes months to obtain.  The first issue is the inherent absurdity and impracticality of the rules,  said an employee of the aid group.  The second is that laws are being tried inconsistently by four government agencies that are at loggerheads.  South Sudan expelled the Norwegian Refugee Council s country director last year, while some 28 aid workers have been killed this year, with nine shot dead in November alone, according to the United Nations.   UNMISS staff are exempt from the work permit requirement but the government has forced some contractors to pay, in violation of an agreement with the U.N., an UNMISS spokeswoman said.  Juba is not honoring a similar treaty exempting aid agencies receiving U.S. funding, a Western diplomat said. ",1
12307,Luxembourg PM says May's task complicated by need for parliament vote,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Luxembourg s prime minister on Thursday said British counterpart Theresa May s ability to negotiate her country s withdrawal from the European Union is complicated by her need for parliament s approval at home.  This is not good for Theresa May because the agenda is not going to move,  Xavier Bettel told reporters on arrival to a summit of European leaders in Brussels.  As soon as she negotiates something she will need to go back to London and get approval from Parliament. This is not making her life easier. This does not change the agenda, it just makes it more difficult for the UK government.  ",1
12308,"North Korea says naval blockade would be 'act of war', vows action","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea on Thursday warned it would take  merciless self-defensive  measures should the United States enforce a naval blockade, which Pyongyang sees as  an act of war , the isolated nation s state media said. Citing a foreign ministry spokesman, the North s KCNA news agency said a naval blockade would be a  wanton violation  of the country s sovereignty and dignity. U.S. President Donald Trump was taking an  extremely dangerous and big step towards the nuclear war  by seeking such a blockade, it added. It was not immediately clear what U.S. proposal the agency was referring to.  Should the United States and its followers try to enforce the naval blockade against our country, we will see it as an act of war and respond with merciless self-defensive counter-measures as we have warned repeatedly,  the agency said. ",1
12309,Do not expect postcard-sized tax return from Republican plan: experts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Since mid-2016, U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan has carried around a  postcard  that he has said shows how easy it will be for Americans to file their taxes once Republicans are finished their tax overhaul. And as recently as Thursday President Donald Trump touted Americans being able to  file their taxes on a single, little beautiful sheet of paper.      With lawmakers finalizing the biggest tax reform in 30 years and the president ready to sign it into law before the end of the year, the moment should be near when Ryan s postcard stops being a rhetorical prop and becomes a reality. Right?  It s kind of crazy to say you can file on a postcard when, first, no one is going to put their Social Security number on a postcard. And second, you already have a giant postcard in the form of the 1040EZ,  Mark Mazur, a director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, said, citing a 14-line Internal Revenue Service (IRS) tax form. Representatives from the $11 billion U.S. tax preparation industry said that the legislation so far seemed unlikely to render their services unnecessary.  I don t think you re going to have millions of people filing their taxes on a cell phone,  said Mark Steber, chief tax officer at Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc [JAKHT.UL].  I think the demise of the tax business is a bit premature.  The IRS would not discuss changes that might come from the proposed tax overhaul. However, the IRS estimates that, despite its efforts to make filing taxes easier, 90 percent of Americans use tax preparation services such as Jackson Hewitt, H&R Block Inc and Liberty Tax Inc or tax software such as TurboTax from Intuit Inc.     If Congress enacts the Republican plan into law, it would not affect 2017 tax-year returns filed in 2018. But in 2019,  millions of middle-class Americans would no longer gain from a wide range of deductions, credits and other tax breaks. A key driver of this, according to independent analyses, would be a proposed doubling of the standard deduction and a curtailment of the deduction for state and local tax payments. In combination, these two changes would mean that about 29 million people would no longer benefit from itemizing. So they would stop writing off their charitable donations, mortgage interest and state and local tax payments, according to the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a think tank. Itemized deductions for medical expenses, investment interest, unreimbursed employee expenses and tax preparation fees could also be dropped by many.  Personal exemptions for individual taxpayers, which now take up a lot of space on tax forms, would also be eliminated.  Such changes would mean simpler taxes and possibly allow a number of taxpayers to use shorter forms. The IRS expects 24 million people in 2018 to file the longest and most widely used IRS form today, the Form 1040, which is 79 lines long. About 4.6 million people will use the 14-line 1040EZ. Wealthy Americans likely would still itemize under the Republican plan. Owning businesses, homes and other factors could also lead to taxes being more complicated than what filers could describe on a postcard.  Even though we re talking about simplification for a large number of taxpayers, there s still many taxpayers who will have complicated tax situations and we ll be there to help them as well,  said David Williams, chief tax officer for TurboTax. (Adds first name, title in 4th paragraph) ",1
12310,EU's new eastern leaders stick to guns on refugees,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The new prime ministers of Poland and the Czech Republic vowed not to give any ground on the divisive issue of hosting refugees as they arrived in Brussels on Thursday for their first summit of European Union leaders. More than two years after a massive influx of refugees and migrants from the Middle East and Africa created deep divisions in the EU, members are still feuding over how to share the burden of caring for asylum seekers. The row pits frontline countries Italy and Greece, and rich destination countries like Germany, against four ex-communist states on the EU s eastern edge - Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia - that have refused to welcome refugees. Poland s Mateusz Morawiecki and the Czech Republic s Andrej Babis, who both took office this month and said they wanted good and pragmatic ties with the EU, made clear that they would maintain the hard line of their predecessors on migration.  It is worth investing considerable amounts of money in helping refugees in (regions) they are fleeing from. The help on the ground there is much more effective,  said Morawiecki, explaining Warsaw would do that instead of accepting refugees. The four eastern prime ministers offered 35 million euros to Italy on Thursday to support EU-backed migration projects in Libya aimed at curbing immigration to Europe. [L8N1OB30J] Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, arriving at the summit, welcomed the financial contribution but said the four still needed to accept refugees.  I think it was a very important decision,  he said of the money pulled together by the four easterners.  Differences, however, remain. We will continue to insist that a commitment on the relocation of refugees is needed.  Two years after the biggest influx of refugees and migrants into Europe since World War Two, an EU deal with Turkey has shut the main eastern Mediterranean route through Greece and across the Balkans used by more than 1 million people in 2015. The biggest remaining route is from Libya across the Mediterranean to Italy. Hundreds of thousands have been making the trip each year and thousands have died at sea. New efforts to curb smuggling from Libya s coast have reduced the numbers in recent months, but human rights groups say thousands of African migrants are now stuck in squalid conditions in Libyan camps. The southern EU countries where most migrants first arrive, and the wealthier northern countries where many seek asylum, want all EU states to accept at least some refugees. The ex-communist eastern states say this amounts to bullying them to help solve political problems for their wealthier neighbors. All EU leaders will discuss the issue over dinner in Brussels on Thursday, though no decisions are expected, with a French source stressing the controversy would take much more time to untangle. [L8N1OD360].  The dispute reopened this week when Donald Tusk, the former Polish prime minister who now chairs the summits, came out against obligatory relocation quotas, ruffling feathers in many EU states and the bloc s executive Commission.  Divisions on migration...are accompanied by emotions which make it hard to find common ground. We should work even more intensively to keep our unity,  Tusk said ahead of the summit. But his intervention upset Italy, Germany and other proponents of the quotas, who warn they could force the waverers to accept refugees in a majority vote if no compromise is found by June.  It won t happen,  Babis told reporters ahead of the summit, highlighting that any attempt to impose  nonsensical  quotas in a majority vote would only widen the divisions in the EU. Slovakia s Robert Fico also said unanimity must prevail in the EU, especially on such thorny issues. ",1
12311,Brazil captures most wanted arms trafficker in Paraguay,"RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Brazil s most wanted arms trafficker, an alleged weapons supplier for Rio de Janeiro s biggest criminal gang the Red Command (CV), was captured in southern Paraguay on Wednesday, Rio authorities said, as they battle growing crime in the city. Marcelo Pinheiro Veiga, known as Marcelo Piloto, was arrested in the town of Encarnaci n after hiding out for years in Paraguay, which neighbors Brazil. From there he sent arms, drugs and ammunition to favelas dominated by Rio s largest gang, Rio state authorities said in a statement on Wednesday. A police source who declined to be named confirmed that the gang was the CV.  The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration participated in the arrest of Veiga, who is wanted for murder, trafficking, and criminal association, the statement said.  Rio s authorities are seeking to combat rising crime in the seaside tourist destination. Earlier this month, they arrested Rogerio  Rogerio 157  Avelino, a drug trafficker whose turf war with his former gang chief fueled spiraling violence in Rio s Rocinha favela. Crime has spiked this year, as police have struggled to maintain security gains made in the run-up to the 2016 Olympics. A deep economic crisis has spurred big cutbacks in spending on police and other services. ",1
12312,Kosovo prosecutor drops extradition case over alleged Turkey coup links,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - A Kosovo prosecutor withdrew his bid on Thursday to extradite a Turkish citizen accused by Turkey of being part of a group linked to a failed coup there in 2016, saying Ankara had not provided enough evidence to back the case. Ugur Toksoy was arrested in October at the request of prosecutors in the Turkish region of Hatay, on charges of working for an NGO in Kosovo linked to U.S.-based cleric Fetullah Gulen, whom Ankara accuses of masterminding a failed coup attempt in 2016. The Hatay prosecutors said Toksoy had participated in the attempted coup. Gulen has denied any involvement in the attempted coup. The Kosovo prosecutor told the judge in withdrawing his case that he had asked the Turkish embassy to provide more evidence but had not received any. He said he could start the case again if Turkey sends more evidence.  Justice in Kosovo has won with this verdict because there was no evidence for extradition,  Toksoy s lawyer Adem Vokshi said after the session was over.  If Turkey had proof about him, they would have sent it by now.  Toksoy is one of two Kosovo-based Turks named on a Turkish wanted list of 11 people issued by the public prosecutor in Hatay province bordering Syria and seen by Reuters. The others are listed as living in Austria, Thailand, Mauritania, Romania and Lithuania. Gulen-linked schools and foundations have been facing funding problems and closing in the Balkans and elsewhere. Kosovo has refused to close Gulen schools on its soil, while Turkish government-supported schools are also being opened across the country. Turkey remains one of the biggest supporters of Kosovo s independence and its companies run the country s sole airport, own electricity distribution and have won the tenders to build two highways worth around $2 billion. ",1
12313,"Putin, ahead of election, says opposition would destabilize Russia","MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin warned on Thursday that some of his opponents would destabilize Russia and usher in chaos if they were elected in a presidential election next year, but promised genuine political competition.   Putin, who is running for re-election in March, was answering a question at his annual news conference about opposition leader Alexei Navalny who looks unlikely to be allowed to contest the election due to what Navalny says is a trumped up criminal case. The question was put to him to Ksenia Sobchak, a television personality who has said she plans to run against Putin in the same election, which polls suggest Putin will comfortably win. Putin, in response, accused Sobchak, who has said she wants to attract voters who are  against all candidates,  of not offering any positive solutions to the problems facing Russia.  He likened Navalny to former Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili who came to power in his own country in 2004 after a peaceful revolution and is now heavily involved in politics in Ukraine, where he is calling for the impeachment of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko.  Do you want tens of people like Saakashvili to be running around public squares?  Putin asked Sobchak, when asked about Navalny not being allowed to take part in the election.  Those who you ve named (Navalny) are the same as Saakashvili, only the Russian version. And you want these Saakashvilis to destabilize the situation in the country? Do you want attempted coups d etat? We ve lived through all that. Do you really want to go back to all that? I am sure that the overwhelming majority of Russian citizens do not want this.  Putin said the authorities were not afraid of genuine political competition and promised such competition would exist. Navalny, commenting on social media, said Putin s response showed the reasons for barring him from taking part in next year s presidential election were due to  a political decision.   It s like he s saying we re in power and we ve decided that it (Navalny running) is a bad idea,  Navalny said. ",1
12314,Deadly Austria gas blast likely caused by loose filter cap: operator,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Tuesday s blast at Austria s Baumgarten gas hub, which killed one person and disrupted European gas flows, was most likely caused by a loose seal on a filter cap, operator Gas Connect Austria (GCA) said. The hub in eastern Austria is a major regional transfer node, taking gas from as far away as Russia and pumping it towards neighbors including Italy - its biggest recipient - as well as Germany, Hungary, Slovenia and Croatia.  The investigating authorities believe that the incident was caused by the seal on the cap of the filter separator,  GCA, a unit of energy company OMV, said on its website.  The cap had come loose and was propelled with great force against another part, causing damage to this part as well. The gas which subsequently escaped was then ignited, leading to a gas fire at two points of origin.  To see the GCA statement, click here: here GCA added that the parts in question were isolated from the rest of the site in accordance with an emergency plan, allowing gas flows to return to normal on Wednesday. ",1
12315,Iraq hangs 38 Sunni militants in mass execution: justice ministry,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq hanged 38 Sunni Muslim militants on Thursday after they were sentenced to death on terrorism charges, the justice ministry said in a statement. The mass executions were carried out at a prison in the southern Iraqi city of Nassiriya, the statement said quoting the Justice Minister. On Sept. 24, Iraq executed 42 Sunni Muslim militants on terrorism charges ranging from killing members of security forces to detonating car bombs. The justice ministry said all the convicted were members of Islamic State. Officials have said all the appeal options available to the condemned had been exhausted, according to the statement. ",1
12316,South Korea's Moon tries K-Pop and TV stars in China charm offensive,"BEIJING/SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in will unveil an array of TV talent and K-Pop celebrities at events, including a state dinner, in China on Thursday as he attempts to smooth out a year of difficult diplomacy with a star-laden charm offensive.  South Korean celebrities, including some of those accompanying Moon, had been shut out of Chinese television and concert halls as relations cooled between the East Asian neighbors as they faced the threat posed by North Korea s missile and nuclear programs. The thorniest issue was South Korea s deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system that China sees as a threat to its security. Moon is hoping to use his first visit to China since taking office in May to build support for a diplomatic solution to the North Korean crisis that has grown steadily through the year.  Pyongyang tested its most advanced intercontinental ballistic missile on Nov. 29, which it said could put all of the United States within range, in defiance of international pressure and U.N. sanctions. Meeting in Beijing s Great Hall of the People, Moon told Chinese President Xi Jinping he would be discussing North Korea with him.  I expect to reaffirm and discuss specific cooperation with President Xi about our common position that we ll address the North Korean nuclear issue, which is threatening peace and security of not only the northeast Asia region but the entire world, in a peaceful manner and establish eternal peace on the Korean peninsula,  Moon said in comments in front of reporters.      Moon also oversaw the signing of a memorandum on follow-up negotiations about services and investments under a South Korea-China Free Trade Agreement. Top South Korean actress Song Hye-kyo, star of 2016 s hit drama  Descendants of the Sun  and the face of many South Korean cosmetics brands, will join Moon and Xi in a state dinner later on Thursday. Song will be joined by married South Korean and Chinese actors, Choo Ja-yeon and Xiaoguang Yu.  Boy band EXO, one of the top-earning artists of major K-Pop talent agency S.M. Entertainment, joined Moon and Song at a bilateral business event earlier on Thursday. The presence of such celebrities reflects Seoul s hope to break the ice after the row over its deployment of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-missile system. China complains that the THAAD system s powerful radar can see far into its territory and does nothing to ease tension with North Korea.  The THAAD deployment cost South Korean firms such as K-Pop businesses dearly as China retaliated. Concerts in China by major K-Pop artists have been halted since the second half of 2016, South Korean celebrities dropped from advertisements and South Korean dramas all but disappeared from Chinese TV channels this year, Korean entertainment industry officials said. Xi told Moon that relations between their countries had experienced  some setbacks  - likely a reference to the THAAD dispute - but that he hoped his visit would be an important opportunity to improve them.  As friendly neighbors and strategic partners, China and South Korea have broad common interests in keeping the region peaceful and promoting mutual developments,  Xi said.  South Korea and China share the goal of getting North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons and stop testing its increasingly sophisticated long-range missiles, but the two have not seen eye-to-eye on how to achieve this. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered on Tuesday to begin talks with North Korea at any time and without pre-conditions, but a White House official later said no negotiations could be held until North Korea improved its behavior. Moon, whose trip ends on Saturday, has been accompanied by the largest business delegation ever to accompany a South Korean leader abroad. The THAAD disagreement is estimated to have knocked about 0.4 percentage points off expected economic growth in South Korea this year and resulted in lost revenues of about $6.5 billion from Chinese tourists in the first nine months of 2017, according to the Bank of Korea and Korea Tourism Organisation.  ",1
12317,Saudi-backed military alliance to help G5 Sahel fight: minister,"PARIS (Reuters) - A Saudi-backed Islamic military coalition will provide logistical, intelligence and training to a new West African counter-terrorism force that is struggling to get off the ground, Saudi Arabia s foreign minister said. The announcement by Adel al-Jubeir signals the involvement in the Sahel of a Muslim military alliance widely seen as a vehicle for countering the growing influence of Riyadh s rival Iran. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates on Wednesday agreed to provide about $150 million to the G5 Sahel force, which is composed of the armies of Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Burkina Faso and Chad, a sign that Gulf Arab states are upping their influence in the region. The Sunni Muslim kingdom is seeking to check the ambitions of Shi ite power Iran to expand its clout in West Africa and across the Muslim world. Speaking in an interview with France 24 television, Adel al-Jubeir said his country s contribution would go much further by using the platform of the recently-established Islamic Military Counter Terrorism Coalition to support the G5 Sahel.  Because of our commitment to fighting terrorism and extremism we made the commitment to provide 100 million euros to these forces and we made this commitment also to provide logistics, training, intelligence and air support through the Islamic military coalition to this effort,  Jubeir said. Some 40 Muslim-majority nations met in Riyadh at the end of November to begin fleshing it out details of the alliance first conceived two years by Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, but that until now has yet to take any decisive international action in its mandate to fight terrorism. The crown prince has said he would encourage a more moderate and tolerant version of Islam in the ultra-conservative kingdom and wants the coalition, which will have a permanent base in Riyadh, to help combat terrorist financing and ideology.  We will be hosting a meeting of this new group to coordinate this military support to those (G5) countries,  Jubeir said, referring to a meeting the Islamic Alliance, adding that Riyadh would also provide humanitarian assistance. The G5 Sahel launched a symbolic military operation to mark its creation in October amid growing unrest in the Sahel, whose porous borders are regularly crossed by jihadists, including affiliates of al Qaeda and Islamic State. However, France, which has 4,500 troops in the region, has been dismayed to see the militants score military and symbolic victories in West Africa while the G5 force has struggled to win financing and become operational. After a meeting in Paris on Wednesday, the French and Malian leaders said they hoped the G5 would secure its first victories by the middle of 2018 to prove its worth and ensure more concrete support from the United Nations. In Rome, a defense ministry official said Italy will send several hundred troops to Niger, a member of the G5 Sahel, next year to help train local forces battling jihadi militants. Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni signaled the initiative on Wednesday, telling the G5 meeting in France that Italy would divert some of its forces in Iraq to Niger, a country that straddles an expanse of the Sahara desert.  Niger has requested help with training men involved in border controls and we will certainly be setting up a mission there,  the defense ministry official said, declining to be named.  The official declined to confirm a report in la Repubblica newspaper that some 470 men would be sent to Niger to help with both training and surveillance, saying full details of the operation had not yet been finalised. Despite agreement on principles, members of the Saudi-backed alliance have voiced different priorities slowing its implementation. Critics say the coalition could become a means for Saudi Arabia to implement an even more assertive foreign policy by winning the backing of poorer African and Asian nations with offers of financial and military aid. ",1
12318,Putin says stronger Russia-China ties a major boon for everyone,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Stronger ties between Russia and China are good for everyone, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday, adding that Moscow and Beijing would remain long-term strategic partners regardless of the result of Russia s 2018 presidential polls. Putin also told his annual news conference that China was looking with great interest at Russia s northern sea route in the Arctic which could significantly cut the time for shipments of goods between Asia and Europe. Putin said Russia would support China s further involvement in Russian projects, including in the energy sector. ",1
12319,Russia's Putin laments 'spymania' gripping Washington,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that  spymania  had been artificially whipped up between Russia and the United States, and that eventually relations between the two countries would get back to normal. He said that contacts between Russian officials and members of U.S. President Donald Trump s team during his election campaign had been routine, but had been twisted by Trump s opponents. Asked by a reporter what he thought about Trump s record in office, Putin said it was not for him to judge, but that he saw significant achievements from the Trump administration. ",1
12320,Putin warns against U.S. strike on North Korea,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that a strike on North Korea by the United States would have catastrophic consequences and that he hoped to work with Washington eventually to resolve the crisis on the Korean peninsula. Russia does not accept North Korea s nuclear status, Putin told an annual news conference. But he also said that some of Washington s past actions had provoked North Korea into violating a 2005 agreement to curb its nuclear program.  We believe the two sides should now stop aggravating the situation,  Putin said.  ",1
12321,Suicide bomber kills at least 18 at police academy in Somalia's capital,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - A suicide bomber disguised as a policeman blew himself up inside a police training camp in Somalia s capital Mogadishu on Thursday and killed at least 18 officers, officials said. Police spokesman Major Mohamed Hussein said the attacker strapped explosives to his body and infiltrated the General Kahiye Police Training Academy during an early morning parade.  Police were preparing for the 74th anniversary of police day. As they wanted to start  exercise, a suicide bomber came in and blew up himself. We lost 18 police officers and 15 others   were injured,  Muktar Hussein Afrah, Somalia s deputy police commander, told reporters at the blast scene.  Police will always continue their work despite death.  Police earlier put the death toll at 15. Reuters witnesses who attempted to visit the site of the blast said police had sealed it off. Hours later when they were allowed in, a witness saw body parts suspected to be from the bomber on the ground in the field where police officers had been training. The witness said the ground nearby had also been washed to remove blood stains and people were burying bodies at the police academy. The militant Islamist group al Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack and gave a higher death toll.  We killed 27 police (officers) and injured more,  Abdiasis Abu Musab, the group s military operations spokesman, told Reuters. Al Shabaab carries out frequent bombings in Mogadishu and other towns. The group, which is allied to al Qaeda, is waging an insurgency against the U.N.-backed government and its African Union allies in a bid to topple the weak administration and impose its own strict interpretation of Islam. The militants were driven out of Mogadishu in 2011 and have since been steadily losing territory to the combined forces of African Union peacekeepers and Somali security forces. On Tuesday, the U.S. Africom said the U.S. military had conducted an air strike on a vehicle they said was strapped with explosives some 65 km southwest of Mogadishu. Thursday s attack comes at a time when the African Union is finalizing plans to trim its peacekeeping mission called AMISOM. The 22,000-strong AU force is scheduled to leave by 2020 and some security experts say al Shabaab could find it easier to stage attacks as the peacekeeping forces are reduced because government forces will find it hard to replicate their work. At the same time, Somalia could become a safe haven for militants linked to al Qaeda currently in Yemen, the experts said. The peacekeepers were deployed to help secure a government that has struggled to establish central control in a country that plunged into civil war in the early 1990s. ",1
12322,"Putin must nudge Syria into U.N. peace deal, mediator says","GENEVA (Reuters) - U.N. Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura urged Russia on Wednesday to convince its ally the Syrian government of the need to clinch a peace deal to end the nearly seven-year-old war. De Mistura, speaking on Swiss television station RTS, said  failure to make peace quickly through United Nations mediation could lead to  a fragmentation of Syria . Russian President Vladimir Putin during a surprise visit on Monday to Russia s Hmeymim air base in Syria, declared that the work of Russian forces was largely done in backing the Assad government against militants, following the defeat of  the most battle-hardened group of international terrorists.  De Mistura, asked what signal Putin could give from his position of force, said:  Convince the (Syrian) government that there is no time to lose.... You can think you win territory militarily but you have to win the peace.  And to win the peace, you have to have the courage to push the government to accept that there has to be a new constitution and new elections, through the United Nations,  he said. The nearly seven-year civil war in Syria has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven more than 11 million from their homes. All previous diplomatic efforts to resolve the conflict have ended in failure over the opposition s demand that President Bashar al-Assad leave power and his refusal to go. The Kremlin first launched air strikes in Syria in September 2015 in its biggest Middle East intervention in decades, turning the tide of the conflict in Assad s favor.  Now that it regards that mission complete, Putin wants to help broker a peace deal and is keen to organize a special event in Russia - a Syrian Congress on National Dialogue - that Moscow hopes will bring together the Syrian government and opposition and try to hammer out a new constitution. But De Mistura made clear that peace negotiations must be through the United Nations in Geneva, as mandated by the U.N. Security Council, adding:  Otherwise it is not worth it.... This is a complicated war, it is only in Geneva through the U.N.  The U.N. envoy has conducted shuttle diplomacy between the Syrian government delegation led by chief negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari and a unified opposition delegation.  The opposition told me clearly when they arrived here, and again yesterday and this morning too, that they are ready to meet the government right away to have a hard, difficult discussion.  The government is not ready, it has said it is not ready to meet the opposition. That is regrettable but diplomacy has many means,  de Mistura said. A senior Western diplomat said that the government delegation had failed to engage with de Mistura on a new constitution and elections during a round of negotiations due to end on Thursday.  Clearly they did not have any intention to engage in this political process. And clearly they are not under sufficient pressure to do so,  the diplomat told Reuters.  The clear impression is the regime wants to avoid the U.N.-led political process at any cost.  ",1
12323,"U.N. probes alleged abduction of North Korean restaurant workers, official says","SEOUL (Reuters) - A senior United Nations human rights official on Thursday said he was investigating North Korea s allegations that a dozen restaurant workers who arrived in the South from China last year were abducted against their will. Tomas Ojea Quintana, the U.N. special rapporteur on human rights in North Korea, said he spent part of a four-day visit to Seoul looking into the claims surrounding the biggest mass defection case involving North Koreans in several years.  I have received testimony taken by people in my office that shows inconsistencies in what may have happened,  Quintana told a news briefing. North Korea says the 12 waitresses were abducted, and a manager who defected with them tricked them into making the journey. It has demanded the return of the women, but officials in Seoul say they traveled voluntarily and were admitted on humanitarian grounds. Some of the workers are now university students, according to several sources who have met them, but all have kept a low profile and mystery still surrounds their trip. Relatives in the North had also raised objections, Quintana added.  I was told the father of one of these women recently passed away without meeting his daughter, adding to a long list of victims who continue to pay the absurd cost of division,  he said. The briefing was briefly interrupted by Kim Ryon Hui, a woman who said she had been forcibly held in South Korea for seven years. Quintana said he had met Kim the previous day, but did not have the authority to comment on human rights issues in South Korea. North Korean officials have said the 12 waitresses and Kim must be allowed to return before they allow family visits to resume. In an interview with Reuters in November, Kim said she first arrived in the South to seek a better job, without realizing her return home would be blocked by its laws that the government must approve visits to, or contact with, the North. Allowing Kim s permanent return would violate the law, says the South s Ministry of Unification, which estimates 881 defectors to have arrived from the North this year. Quintana urged that international sanctions imposed on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program be tailored to avoid any adverse impact on human rights and economic livelihoods. Restrictions on international financial transfers, for example, should not affect U.N. programs that provided humanitarian assistance, he said.  While Pyongyang has condemned the sanctions, Quintana called for the government to  substantiate its criticism with substantive data , and provide access for international human rights monitors. Impoverished North Korea and the rich, democratic South have been in a technical state of war since their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. A North Korean soldier who defected to the south in November was shot five times by border guards and critically wounded in his desperate dash through the demilitarized zone dividing the two.  ",1
12324,China's Xi says war cannot be allowed on Korean peninsula,"BEIJING (Reuters) - War must never be allowed to take place on the Korean peninsula and the issue must be resolved via talks, Chinese President Xi Jinping told his South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in on Thursday, state television reported. Xi and Moon were meeting in Beijing. ",1
12325,Islamic State threatens U.S. attacks over Jerusalem decision: statement,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State threatened attacks on U.S. soil in retaliation for the Trump administration s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, one of the group s social media accounts reported on Thursday without giving any details. In a message on one of its accounts on the Telegram instant messaging service titled  Wait for us  and  ISIS in Manhattan , the group said it would carry out operations and showed images of New York s Times Square and what appeared to be an explosive bomb belt and detonator.   We will do more ops in your land, until the final hour and we will burn you with the flames of war which you started in Iraq, Yemen, Libya and Syria and Afghan. Just you wait,  it said.  The recognition of your dog  Trump  (sic) Jerusalem as the capital of Israel will make us recognize explosives as the capital of your country.  Washington triggered widespread anger and protests across the Arab world with its decision on Jerusalem. The disputed city is revered by Jews, Christians and Muslims alike, and is home to Islam s third holiest site. It has been at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades. Islamic State was driven out of its Iraqi and Syrian capitals this year and squeezed into a shrinking pocket of desert straddling the border between the two countries.  The forces fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria now expect a new phase of guerrilla warfare there. Militants including people claiming allegiance to Islamic State have carried out scores of deadly attacks in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia and the United States over the past two years. ",1
12326,Indonesia court rejects petition to bar consensual sex outside marriage,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s constitutional court on Thursday narrowly rejected a petition by a conservative group to make extramarital sex illegal, but rights activists braced for a renewal of the battle in parliament and other state institutions.  Five of nine judges voted for the case to be thrown out, in a slim victory for rights activists who had feared the petition would spur moral policing and further discrimination against the gay community in the world s largest Muslim-majority country.       Most Indonesians adhere to a moderate form of Islam under an officially secular system, but there has been rise of a hardline, politicized Islam in recent years, which until recently had stayed on the fringe of the nation s politics. Constitutional court chief justice Arief Hidayat said existing laws on adultery did not conflict with the constitution and it was not the court s authority to create new policies. The judge said the question could be put to parliament, which is currently deliberating revisions to the national criminal code.  The plaintiff should submit their petition to lawmakers, and there it should be an important input in the ongoing revision of the national criminal code,  Hidayat said, as he read a summary of the 600-page ruling.  Based on that view, the constitutional court is of the opinion that the petition is not legally sound.    Rights activists were comforted by the court s decision, while expecting more challenges to come.  The decision is a relief because it shows it s possible to challenge the creeping conservatism in society,  said Dede Oetomo, a prominent gay rights activist.  But it s not over. There s parliament, there are other state institutions, they can turn to education, social organisations,  he added. The Family Love Alliance (AILA), a group of conservative academics and activists which put forward the petition, said it would not give up its fight.  Aside from legal avenues, we can also go through government policy and programs so that sexual deviance is minimised and is an agenda for all of us,  Euis Sunarti, a member of AILA, told reporters after the ruling. AILA s petition had called for the definition of adultery to apply not just to married couples but to anyone in a marriage or outside it - effectively making all sex outside of marriage a crime. In their complaint, AILA said certain articles in the national criminal code  threaten the resilience of families and therefore of Indonesia itself.         Some rights activists said the petition was partly aimed at criminalizing gay sex, which is currently not regulated by the law except in the ultra-conservative province of Aceh and in cases of child abuse. Activists say such changes to the law would make it vulnerable to abuse, like the country s draconian anti-pornography laws, to target the LGBT community. Islamic parties pushed the anti-pornography laws in parliament soon after Indonesia ushered in its democratic era in 1998 and actively push an anti-LGBT agenda today. ",1
12327,Kenyan police assaulted and raped women during election: rights group,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Several dozen women in Kenya said police officers attacked them during this year s election season and some said they were raped by men in uniform, Human Rights Watch (HRW) said on Thursday. More than 70 people were killed in an election in August, later nullified by the Supreme Court, and a repeat presidential poll in October won by President Uhuru Kenyatta. The opposition boycotted the repeat poll and said it would not be fair. The sexual attacks, mostly on women, occurred over this period in some of Nairobi s slums and in two opposition strongholds, Kisumu and Bungoma, in western Kenya, HRW said in a report.   Kenyan police dispute rights groups  allegations that officers used excessive force to quell election-related unrest. They did not respond to a request from Reuters for comment on the report. One 28-year-old woman in the Nairobi slum of Mathare told Reuters:  Four men in police uniforms burst into my home and my children were sleeping, they pulled my husband out. One grabbed my neck, the other pulled off my clothes, another beat me with a stick, and the other forced sex on me.   The woman who declined to be identified said she was four months pregnant and miscarried shortly after the rape.  I was bleeding and confused afterwards,  she said.    Another woman, aged 26, said:  Two men dragged me away from my friend, stripped off my clothes and one raped me as another one held me down.   Kenyan women who have been raped - they are lonely and abandoned and ashamed,  said HRW researcher Agnes Odhiambo.  It s the Kenyan government who should feel shame for failing to protect them and help them get medical treatment.   Kenyan rights groups accuse police of brutality and extrajudicial killings.  A government civilian watchdog tasked to oversee the police exists, but few officers are charged and convictions are extremely rare.  The sexual violence mirrored widespread violations against women after a disputed 2007 vote, when 1,200 people were killed, HRW said. At the time, the group documented at least 900 cases of sexual violence but said this was likely an underestimate.  The new cases related to the August and October 2017 elections demonstrate a disturbing continuum,  Tina Alai, a lawyer with New York-based Physicians for Human Rights.  Police have continued to perpetrate sexual violence against civilians they are obligated to protect,  she said. ",1
12328,"Russia, Saudi Arabia sign atomic energy cooperation roadmap","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia and Saudi Arabia have signed a roadmap for cooperation in the atomic energy sector, Russian state nuclear company Rosatom said on Thursday. The roadmap comprises a number of steps needed to implement a cooperation program that was signed by the two nations during Saudi King Salman s visit to Russia in October. Saudi Arabia, which wants to reduce oil consumption at home, is considering building 17.6 gigawatts of nuclear-powered electricity generating capacity by 2032 and has sent a request for information to international suppliers to build two reactors in the kingdom. Last month Rosatom said it hoped to win the Saudi tender.     ",1
12329,"Brexit 'no deal' is massively less probable after EU agreement, Davis says","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is less likely to leave the European Union without an agreed exit deal after last week s decision by the European Commission to recommend that talks move on to the next phase, Brexit minister David Davis said on Thursday.  I think no deal has become massively less probable after the decisions of last Friday - and that s a good thing because the best deal is a tariff free, non-tariff barrier-free arrangement,  Davis told parliament. He also said the government would have to think about how to respond to a decision by parliament to hand lawmakers more say over a final exit deal with the EU. ",1
12330,Putin says will run as independent candidate for new Kremlin term,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin, seeking a new term in office in a March election, said on Thursday he would run as an independent candidate while hoping for support from more than one political party. Putin, 65, told an annual news conference that Russia s political system must be competitive, but the opposition lacked a strong candidate to challenge him because his opponents, while creating a lot of noise, had very little to offer the nation. ",1
12331,Indian Hindu tried to raise money with video of killing of Muslim: police,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - A Hindu man in India tried to raise money for a campaign against minority Muslims by issuing an appeal for donations with a video he took and posted online showing him killing a Muslim, police said on Thursday. The killing last week is the latest to roil India s minority Muslims who have faced attacks from mobs who accuse them of killing cows, which Hindus consider sacred. Hindu fringe groups also campaign against Muslim men marrying Hindus. The Hindu man, Shambu Lal Regar, has been arrested on suspicion of hacking and burning a Muslim laborer in the western state of Rajasthan, police said. Regar had posted a video of the attack along with his bank details for donations to finance his anti-Muslim campaign, police officer Anand Shrivastava said. More than 700 people from across India deposited 300,000  rupees ($4,665) into the account.  The accused wanted to become a Hindu hero after killing a Muslim man, his main aim was to collect money after committing the hate crime,  said Shrivastava. Regar s video went viral on social media before authorities took it down. Police investigators had frozen the bank account and were tracking down donors, Shrivastava said. Shrivastava said the video had showed Regar claiming to be a proud Hindu trying to stop  love jihad  - a term used by Hindu hardliners who accuse Muslim men of entrapping Hindu women and girls on the pretext of love in order to convert them to Islam. The government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who leads the Hindu-nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party, has been criticized for failing to do enough to stop attacks on Muslims. The government rejects that. Modi has condemned violence in the name of protecting cows. Muslims account for 172 million of India s 1.32 billion citizens and Modi s critics say Hindu groups linked with his ruling party are trying to marginalize them. The BJP denies any bias against Muslims  ",1
12332,Russian court rejects Siemens claim that Crimea turbines sale was invalid,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow s Arbitration Court on Thursday rejected a claim by Germany s Siemens that the sale of its turbines which were delivered to Crimea was invalid. In August, the same court rejected a request by Siemens to seize its gas turbines, which had turned up in Crimea contrary to EU sanctions. Russia is under Western sanctions for its involvement in the Ukraine crisis, including Moscow s annexation of Crimea in 2014. Reuters was the first to report this year that Russian firms had shipped the Siemens turbines to Crimea, which has been subject to EU sanctions on energy technology. ",1
12333,Egypt minister set to sign deal to resume Russian flights: agencies,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s aviation minister will travel to Russia to sign protocol agreements as early as Friday to allow the resumption of Russian flights that were suspended after the 2015 bombing of a tourist jet, Egyptian sources and Russia s minister said on Thursday. Russian President Vladimir Putin met Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Cairo this week to discuss resuming flights and to sign a deal for a nuclear power plant as part of growing bilateral cooperation. Two Egyptian sources said the minister would leave on Thursday for Russia, but did not confirm the date for signing the agreement. The two governments may sign a deal on Friday allowing to resume Russian civilian flights, the TASS news agency cited Russian Transport Minister Maxim Sokolov as saying on Thursday.  We expect that he (the Egyptian minister)  will come on Friday,  Sokolov said, according to the RIA news agency. Asked whether an aviation security protocol with Egypt will be signed, he said:  We expect that it will be signed.  Moscow halted civilian air traffic to Egypt in 2015 after militants detonated a bomb on a Russian Metrojet flight leaving the tourist resort of Sharm el-Sheikh and killing 224 people on board. The bombing and the Russian suspension were blows to Egypt s tourism industry, a key source of hard currency. The industry has been struggling after the upheaval triggered by a 2011 uprising that ended Hosni Mubarak s 30-year rule. The return of Russian flights and tours could be a massive boost to tourist numbers that are still well below the 14.7 million visitors annually Egypt saw in 2010 before the uprising a year later and the unrest that followed. ",1
12334,South Africa's Zuma appeals court ruling on state prosecutor's appointment: local media,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s President Jacob Zuma has filed an appeal against a court ruling that his appointment of a state prosecutor to decide whether to reinstate corruption charges against him was not valid, local media reported on Thursday. The High Court ruled last week that Zuma s appointment of head prosecutor Shaun Abrahams should be set aside immediately and that Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa should appoint a new public prosecutor within 60 days. The ruling was among a series of judicial blows to his administration, which has been hit by a series of scandals. Zuma filed papers saying that people exercise presidential powers at the same time, according to television station eNCA.  Zuma s spokesman could not immediately comment. The National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) has also said it will appeal the ruling. In October the Supreme Court of Appeal upheld an earlier decision by a lower court that the nearly 800 corruption charges filed against Zuma before he became president be reinstated.  It then fell to Abrahams, appointed by Zuma, to decide whether or not the NPA would pursue a case against him. The charges against Zuma relate to a 30 billion rand  ($2.22 billion) government arms deal arranged in the late 1990s and have amplified calls for Zuma to step down before his term as president ends in 2019. ",1
12335,China angered as U.S. considers navy visits to Taiwan,"BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - China accused the United States on Thursday of interfering in its internal affairs and said it had lodged a complaint after U.S. President Donald Trump signed into law an act laying the groundwork for possible U.S. navy visits to self-ruled Taiwan. Tensions have risen in recent days after a senior Chinese diplomat threatened China would invade Taiwan if any U.S. warships made port visits to the island which China claims as its own territory. On Monday, Chinese jets carried out  island encirclement patrols  around Taiwan, with state media showing pictures of bombers with cruise missiles slung under their wings as they carried out the exercise. On Tuesday, Trump signed into law the National Defense Authorization Act for the 2018 fiscal year, which authorizes the possibility of mutual visits by navy vessels between Taiwan and the United States. Such visits would be the first since the United States ended formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1979 and established ties with Beijing. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said while the Taiwan sections of the law were not legally binding, they seriously violate the  One China  policy and  constitute an interference in China s internal affairs .   China is resolutely opposed to this, and we have already lodged stern representations with the U.S. government,  Lu told a daily news briefing. China is firmly opposed to any official exchanges, military contact, or arms sales between Taiwan and the United States, he added.  Proudly democratic Taiwan has become increasingly concerned with the ramped up Chinese military presence, that has included several rounds of Chinese air force drills around the island in recent months.  Taiwan is confident of its defenses and responded quickly to the Chinese air force drills this week, its government said, denouncing the rise in China s military deployments as irresponsible. Taiwan presidential spokesman Alex Huang, speaking to Taiwan media in comments reported late on Wednesday, said the defense ministry had kept a close watch on the patrols and responded immediately and properly. Taiwan  can ensure there are no concerns at all about national security, and people can rest assured , Huang said. Both sides of the narrow Taiwan Strait, which separates Taiwan from its giant neighbor, have a responsibility to protect peace and stability, he added.  Such a raised military posture that may impact upon and harm regional peace and stability and cross-strait ties does not give a feeling of responsibility, and the international community does not look favorably upon this,  Huang was quoted as saying. Relations have soured considerably since Tsai Ing-wen, who leads Taiwan s independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, won presidential elections last year. China suspects Tsai wants to declare the island s formal independence, a red line for Beijing. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s security. Taiwan is well equipped with mostly U.S. weapons but has been pressing for more advanced equipment to deal with what it sees as a rising threat from China. The United States is bound by law to provide the island with the means to defend itself. China has never renounced the use of force to bring Taiwan under its control. ",1
12336,Mexico Senate committees pass controversial security bill,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican Senate committees on Wednesday approved a controversial security bill that human rights groups say risks granting excessive power to the armed forces in their already checkered role in combating organized crime in the country. The bill, which enjoys some cross-party support between conservatives and centrists, will now pass to the floor of the upper house of Congress for discussion and possible approval late on Wednesday or on Thursday morning. The Law of Internal Security aims to regulate the armed forces  role in combating drug cartels, a conflict which has claimed well over 100,000 lives in the last decade. Senate committees approved the bill on Wednesday, a senate spokesman said. Lawmakers who support the bill say it will set out clear rules that limit the use of soldiers to fight crime. Rights groups have strongly attacked the bill, saying it prioritizes the military s role in fighting the gangs over improving the police, and could open the door to greater abuses and impunity by the armed forces. The military has already been embroiled in multiple human rights scandals including extrajudicial killings of gang members and the disappearance of 43 students near one of its bases in 2014. The United Nations, Amnesty International and Mexican human rights organizations have all criticized the bill.   This law should not be approved quickly, it puts liberties at risk by giving more power to the armed forces without designing controls and counterweights,  said Santiago Aguirre from the Miguel Agustin Pro Center for Human Rights. Last week, President Enrique Pena Nieto asked lawmakers to include civil society s views in their discussion of the bill, which sparked attempts by protesters to bar access to the upper house of Congress when it reached the Senate. ",1
12337,Sweden to raise minimum pension age as retirees live longer,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Sweden will raise the minimum age at which workers can take their state pension over the coming years, a move designed to match an increase in average life spans, the major political parties said on Thursday. Workers can currently choose to take their state pension from the age of 61. This will be raised successively to 64 by 2026. The current pension system was designed around 20 years ago and Swedes now live around 2.5 years longer on average.  That is positive but it means that pensions ... have to last a longer time,  the parties said in a statement.  In order to maintain a good and sustainable pension level, therefore, people need to work longer.  The reforms will also make it harder for companies to get rid of people who want to continue to work after the mandatory pension age and tighten requirements for funds providers in the pension system after a number of scandals. [L8N1CU16Y]       The deal, which will not affect state finances either positively or negatively, was agreed between the minority coalition of the Social Democrats and Greens, the Moderates - the biggest opposition party - and the Center, Liberal and Christian Democrat parties. ",1
12338,China summons Australian envoy over political meddling allegations,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - China summoned Australia s ambassador to lodge a complaint last week over Canberra s allegation that Beijing had sought to interfere in Australian politics, a source familiar with the diplomatic action told Reuters on Thursday. Relations between Australia and China became strained in recent weeks after Canberra said it would ban foreign political donations as part of a crackdown aimed at preventing external influence in domestic politics, sharpening the focus on China s soft power. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull singled out China as he said foreign powers were making  unprecedented and increasingly sophisticated attempts to influence the political process  in Australia. In response, China summoned Ambassador Jan Adams to a meeting at the Chinese Ministry for Foreign Affairs on December  8 to lodge a complaint, the source said. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang confirmed the ministry had an  important discussion  with the Australian ambassador.  The Australian side should be very clear about China s position on the relevant issue,  Lu told a daily news briefing, without elaborating. China s Foreign Ministry said last week Turnbull s allegations were full of prejudice against China, were baseless and poisoned the atmosphere of China-Australia relations. Turnbull s allegations have been criticized by Australia s opposition Labor Party as showing an  anti-China  bias that could jeopardize bilateral trade.  China, which is easily Australia s biggest trading partner, bought A$93 billion ($70 billion) worth of Australian goods and services last year. Australia s unshakeable security relationship with the United States, however, has limited how cosy it gets with China. Turnbull denied indulging in anti-Chinese rhetoric, insisting Labour was using the issue to win favor with a large voter block ahead of a make-or-break by-election on Saturday that analysts said will determine his political future.  I am disappointed they have tried to turn Australians against each other,  Turnbull told reporters in Sydney. ",1
12339,"Moscow, Cairo may sign deal on Friday to resume Russian flights to Egypt: TASS","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia and Egypt may sign an agreement on Friday allowing to resume Russian civilian flights to Egypt, the TASS news agency cited Russian Transport Minister Maxim Sokolov as saying on Thursday. Egypt s aviation minister will travel to Russia on Thursday to sign protocol agreements to resume the flights that were suspended after the 2015 bombing of a Russian tourist jet, two ministry sources said in Cairo. Moscow halted civilian air traffic to Egypt in 2015 after militants detonated a bomb on a Russian Metrojet flight, downing the jet leaving from the tourist resort of Sharm el-Sheikh and killing 224 people on board. ",1
12340,China complains about Taiwan content in U.S. defense act,BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Thursday it had complained to the United States about the signing into law of an act which authorizes the possibility of mutual visits by navy vessels between self-ruled Taiwan and the United States. Chinese Foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a daily news briefing that China was firmly opposed to the Taiwan content in the act. ,1
12341,U.N.'s Guterres warns against 'sleepwalking' into war over North Korea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, warning against the danger of  sleepwalking  into war, said on Thursday that Security Council resolutions on North Korea s nuclear and missile programs must be fully implemented by Pyongyang and other countries. Guterres made the comments to reporters after meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Tokyo just days after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions. The White House said Wednesday that no negotiations could be held with North Korea until it improves its behavior. The White House has declined to say whether President Donald Trump, who has taken a tougher rhetorical line toward Pyongyang, gave approval to Tillerson s overture.  It is very clear that the Security Council resolutions must be fully implemented first of all by North Korea but by all other countries whose role is crucial to ... achieve the result we all aim at, which is the denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula,  Guterres said. Guterres added that Security Council unity was also vital  to allow for the possibility of diplomatic engagement  that would allow denuclearisation to take place.  The worst possible thing that could happen is for us all to sleepwalk into a war that might have very dramatic circumstances,  he said. Japan says now is the time to keep up maximum pressure on Pyongyang, not start talks on the North s missile and nuclear programs. China and Russia, however, have welcomed Tillerson s overture.  Abe, who spoke to reporters with Guterres, reiterated that dialogue needed to be meaningful and aimed at denuclearisation.  We fully agreed that the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula is indispensable for the peace and stability of the region,  Abe said. Tillerson s overture came nearly two weeks after North Korea said it had successfully tested a breakthrough intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that put the entire United States mainland within range. In September, North Korea fired a ballistic missile over the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido,  the second to fly over Japan in less than a month. North Korea appears to have little interest in negotiations with the United States until it has developed the ability to hit the U.S. mainland with a nuclear-tipped missile, something most experts say it has still not proved. United Nations political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman, who visited Pyongyang last week, said on Tuesday senior North Korean officials did not offer any type of commitment to talks, but he believes he left  the door ajar .  ",1
12342,"Russia, North Korea discuss bilateral 2015 treaty: Russian embassy","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The first meeting of a Russian-North Korea military commission is discussing the implementation of a 2015 agreement on preventing dangerous military activities signed by the two nations in 2015, Russia s embassy to Pyongyang said on its Facebook page on Thursday. Russia s defense ministry delegation arrived in Pyongyang on Wednesday. It will stay in North Korea until Saturday, an embassy official told the RIA news agency.  ",1
12343,"Russia, North Korea military commission starts first meeting in Pyongyang: RIA","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A delegation of Russia s defense ministry is taking part in the first meeting of a Russian-North Korean military commission in Pyongyang, the RIA news agency cited Russian diplomats as saying on Thursday. The Russian delegation arrived in Pyongyang on Wednesday, Russian media reported at the time. No details of its agenda in the reclusive nation have been available.    ",1
12344,Australia's population growth outpaces world as migrants rush in,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s population is expanding at the fastest pace in the developed world as skilled migrants flock to the resource-rich nation, a fillip to economic growth overall but perhaps also a source of puzzling weakness in wages. Government figures released on Thursday showed the number of people resident in Australia increased 388,100 in the year to June, a rise of 1.6 percent on 2015/16. That was far above the global increase of 1.1 percent, and well ahead of the United States  gain of 0.7 percent and Canada s 0.9 percent. There s still plenty of room for more, given the giant continent still only has 24.6 million people, putting it at 53rd in United Nations global population rankings. Much of Australia s growth came in net overseas migration, which surged more than 27 percent in the year to June to 245,500. That was the highest 12-month total since 2009, while the flow into the states of New South Wales and Victoria beat records.  A strong labor market is attracting interstate and overseas migrants to Melbourne, while better housing affordability and jobs growth is driving population growth in Queensland and Tasmania,  said Ryan Felsman, a senior economist at CommSec.  Overall the stronger rate of population growth is boosting spending, demand for infrastructure, demand for homes, and overall economic growth.  Leading migrant countries include China, India, Britain and New Zealand. The flood of newcomers, mostly on skilled migrant programs, is one reason property prices have been on a tear in recent years, especially in Sydney and Melbourne. The extra demand created by all these new Australians was also a major reason the economy grew a brisk 2.8 percent in the year to September. Indeed, strip away population growth and the economy would have expanded by just 1.3 percent. Yet the influx of able bodies has also expanded the workforce right at the time when employers were ramping up their demand for labor, restraining wages growth. Separate figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics released on Thursday showed a barnstorming 383,000 net new jobs were created in the year to November.  But wages still grew at a pedestrian annual pace of 2 percent, a perfect case of expanding supply benefiting employers rather than those already employed. Policymakers at Australia s central bank have been baffled by the divergence between employment and wages, citing the mystery as an argument against a rise in interest rates anytime soon. ",1
12345,"Two Reuters journalists arrested in Myanmar, face official secrets charges","YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar s government said on Wednesday that police had arrested two Reuters journalists, Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo. The reporters had been working on stories about a military crackdown on the Rohingya Muslim minority in Rahkine State that has caused almost 650,000 people to flee to neighboring Bangladesh. The Ministry of Information said in a statement on its Facebook page that the journalists and two policemen face charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act. The 1923 law carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. The reporters  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media,  said the statement, which was accompanied by a photo of the pair in handcuffs.  It said they were detained at a police station on the outskirts of Yangon, the southeast Asian nation s main city. Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo went missing on Tuesday evening after they had been invited to meet police officials over dinner. Reuters  driver Myothant Tun dropped them off at Battalion 8 s compound at around 8 pm and the two reporters and two police officers headed to a nearby restaurant. The journalists did not  return to the car. The Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh say their exodus from the mainly Buddhist nation was triggered by a military counter-offensive in Rakhine state that the United Nations has branded  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing .  Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo have been reporting on events of global importance in Myanmar, and we learned today that they have been arrested in connection with their work,  said Stephen J. Adler, president and editor-in-chief of Reuters.  We are outraged by this blatant attack on press freedom.  We call for authorities to release them immediately,  he said. A spokesman for Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi confirmed that the two journalists had been arrested.  Not only your reporters, but also the policemen who were involved in that case,  spokesman Zaw Htay said.  We will take action against those policemen and also the reporters.  In Washington, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert emphasized that the agency was  following this closely.  She said that U.S. Ambassador Scot Marciel on Wednesday had a conversation with two government officials in Myanmar who seemed  genuinely unaware  of the situation.   We care about the safety and security of international reporters who are simply just trying to do their jobs. So we re going to continue to try to stay on that,  Nauert said.  The U.S. embassy in Yangon said in a statement posted on its website on Wednesday it was  deeply concerned by the highly irregular arrests of two Reuters reporters after they were invited to meet with police officials in Yangon last night .  For a democracy to succeed, journalists need to be able to do their jobs freely,  the embassy said.  We urge the government to explain these arrests and allow immediate access to the journalists.   The European Union s mission in Yangon also voiced concern.  The EU delegation is closely following their case and we call on the Myanmar authorities to ensure the full protection of their rights,  it said in a statement.  Media freedom is the foundation of any democracy.  The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists called for the reporters  immediate and unconditional release.  These arrests come amid a widening crackdown which is having a grave impact on the ability of journalists to cover a story of vital global importance,  said Shawn Crispin, CPJ s senior Southeast Asia representative. Wa Lone, who joined Reuters in July 2016, has covered a range of stories, including the flight of Rohingya refugees from Rakhine in 2016 and, in much larger numbers, this year. He has written about military land grabs and the killing of ruling party lawyer Ko Ni in January. This year he jointly won an honorable mention from the Society of Publishers in Asia for Reuters coverage of the Rakhine crisis in 2016.  He previously worked for The Myanmar Times, where he covered Myanmar s historic 2015 elections, and People s Age, a local weekly newspaper, where his editor was Myanmar s current Minister of Information Pe Myint. Kyaw Soe Oo, an ethnic Rakhine Buddhist from state capital Sittwe, has worked with Reuters since September. He has covered the impact of the Aug. 25 attacks on police and army posts in the northern Rakhine, and reported from the central part of the state where local Buddhists have been  enforcing segregation between Rohingya and Rakhine communities. He previously worked for Root Investigation Agency, a local news outlet focused on Rakhine issues.  I have been arrest  were the four words that Wa Lone texted to Reuters Myanmar Bureau Chief Antoni Slodkowski on Tuesday evening to let him know what was happening. Very soon after that Wa Lone s phone appeared to have been switched off. Over the next 24 hours, Reuters colleagues in Yangon filed a missing persons report, went to three police stations, and asked a series of government officials what had happened to the two reporters. They got no official information until Wednesday evening. ",1
12346,China marks Nanjing Massacre anniversary but Xi low key,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China marked the 80th anniversary of the Nanjing Massacre on Wednesday with a call to work with Japan for peace, but President Xi Jinping kept a low profile and left the main public remarks to another senior official. China and Japan have long sparred over their painful history. China consistently reminds its people of the 1937 massacre in which it says Japanese troops killed 300,000 people in what was then its capital. A postwar Allied tribunal put the death toll in the eastern city of Nanjing at 142,000, but some conservative Japanese politicians and scholars deny a massacre took place at all. Ties between China and Japan, the world s second- and third-largest economies, have been plagued by a long-running territorial dispute over a cluster of East China Sea islets and suspicion in China about efforts by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to amend Japan s pacifist constitution. However the two countries have sought to get relations back on track, and Abe and Xi met last month on the sidelines of a regional summit in Vietnam. Speaking at a memorial in Nanjing, Yu Zhengsheng, who heads a high-profile but largely ceremonial advisory body to China s parliament, said China and Japan were neighbours with deep historic ties. China would deepen relations with all its neighbours, including Japan, on the basis of amity, sincerity and friendship, Yu said, in comments carried live on state television.  China and Japan must act on the basis of both their people s basic interests, correctly grasp the broad direction of peaceful and friendly cooperation, take history as a mirror, face the future and pass on friendship down the generations,  Yu said.  A sombre Xi, wearing a white flower in his lapel to symbolise mourning, stood in the audience but did not speak. Doves to signify peace flew overhead after Yu finished speaking. Xi later met massacre survivors, the official Xinhua news agency said, telling them,  Lessons learned from the past can guide one in the future . South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who arrived in Beijing for a four-day visit, offered condolences to the victims in a speech to businessmen, in what his office called the first such public mention of the massacre by a South Korean leader. In Tokyo, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga spoke of the importance of looking to the future.  The leaders of Japan and China have agreed in past meetings to further improve relations and it is important, while cherishing this trend, to together show a future-oriented stance,  Suga told a regular news conference:  It was the second time Xi has attended the event since China marked its first national memorial day for the massacre in 2014. At that time, he called on China and Japan to set aside hatred and not allow the minority who led Japan to war to affect relations now. ",1
12347,Odebrecht paid firms linked to Peru's Kuczynski $4.8 million: document,"LIMA (Reuters) - Brazilian builder Odebrecht transferred $4.8 million to companies linked to Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski between 2004 and 2012, some of which was paid to a company Kuczynski controlled when he held senior government roles, according to a document the company sent to Congress. In a brief recorded message broadcast on local radio program RPP after lawmakers made the contents of the document public on Wednesday, Kuczynski denied wrongdoing but did not deny the transfers took place. Kuczynski s office declined further comment.  Odebrecht [ODBES.UL] declined to comment. A source in the company who spoke on condition of anonymity said the document seen by Reuters was authentic. The transfers shown in the document contradicted Kuczynski s previous denials about his ties to Odebrecht and prompted some lawmakers in the opposition-controlled Congress to call for his resignation. Odebrecht is at the center of Latin America s biggest graft scandal and has admitted to paying about $30 million in bribes to officials in Peru over a decade, including during the 2001-2006 term of ex-President Alejandro Toledo, when Kuczynski was finance minister and prime minister.  After Odebrecht s public acknowledgement a year ago, Kuczynski repeatedly denied ever taking money from Odebrecht or having any professional connections to the company. But on Saturday Kuczynski announced on a local radio program that he once worked as a financial adviser for an Odebrecht project when he did not hold public office; he did not mention the company that paid him. According to the document sent to Congress, Odebrecht made seven transfers totaling about $780,000 to Kuczynski s company Westfield Capital Ltd between 2004 and 2007, including about $60,000 when Kuczynski worked in Toledo s Cabinet and the government awarded several contracts to Odebrecht. Later, between 2008 and 2012, Odebrecht paid about $4 million to First Capital Inversiones Y Asesorias. Kuczynski has previously said that First Capital belongs to his friend and Chilean business partner, Gerardo Sepulveda. Kuczynski was the sole director of Westfield Capital, according to his sworn declaration on the presidency s website.     Kuczynski has not appeared in public since his radio interview on Saturday. He said on RPP on Wednesday that he had decided to heed Congress  repeated calls to explain any connections he had with Odebrecht to an investigative committee.      I ve never favored any company. I m willing to clarify everything that needs to be clarified before Congress and prosecutors because I have nothing to hide,  Kuczynski said on RPP, without taking any questions from journalists. A spokesman for Popular Force, the opposition party that holds a majority of seats in Peru s single-chamber Congress, slammed Kuczynski.   The country, Mr. Kuczynski, is tired of your lies and doesn t want any more explanations. The country hasn t just lost its trust in you, but in your government as well,  Daniel Salaverry, the spokesman, told a news conference. In a televised plenary session late on Wednesday, hardline Popular Force lawmaker Hector Becerril called for Kuczynski to resign, calling the transferred funds  camouflaged bribes.  An independent lawmaker also called for Kuczynski to step down. A source in the attorney general s office said prosecutors investigating Odebrecht in Peru were probing Kuczynski s relationship with the company but could not name him as a suspect until his term and presidential immunity end. Toledo, the former president under whom Kuczynski worked,  has been accused of taking a $20 million bribe from Odebrecht in exchange for help in securing lucrative highway contracts. Toledo has denied the charges. Authorities in Peru are seeking his extradition from the United States. ",1
12348,Heathrow launches environmental consultation on expansion,"LONDON (Reuters) - Heathrow Airport announced a public consultation on the proposed development of a third runway at Europe s biggest airport, saying it aimed to mitigate the environmental impact of expansion. Prime Minister Theresa May backed a $22 billion expansion of the London hub in October 2016, after decades of government indecision. But the plan has been controversial, with critics highlighting the possible impact on air quality in London and noise levels in the local community. Heathrow said it would seek the views of locals on the environmental impact of expansion and how the airspace around Heathrow is managed.  Over the past year, we ve been working hard to evolve our expansion plans and have come up with several new options to deliver it more responsibly and affordably,  said the airport s Executive Director for expansion Emma Gilthorpe.     The new discussions are separate from a previously announced government consultation on a National Policy Statement on airports, and is focused on the airport s plans for infrastructure and the impact on the local community. Transport secretary Chris Grayling has said that the government aims to give the go-ahead to the new runway in the first half of 2018. The latest consultation will launch on Jan. 17 and run for 10 weeks. ",1
12349,Britain's May defeated in parliament over Brexit blueprint,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May s government was defeated on Wednesday, when lawmakers forced through changes to its Brexit blueprint that ministers said could endanger Britain s departure from the European Union. In a blow to May, already weakened after losing her Conservative Party s majority in a June election, the 650-seat parliament voted 309 to 305 in favor of an amendment to hand lawmakers more say over a final exit deal with the EU. Up until the last minute of an often bitter debate in parliament, May s team tried to convince lawmakers in her party to give up their demands and side with a government fearful that the move will weaken its hand in tough Brexit negotiations. Members of Parliament (MPs) are debating the EU withdrawal bill, which will repeal the 1972 legislation binding Britain to the EU and copy existing EU law into domestic law to ensure legal continuity after  Exit Day  on March 29, 2019. In focus on Wednesday was an amendment put forward by Conservative lawmaker and former attorney general Dominic Grieve who wants parliament to have a meaningful vote on any deal before it is finalised and for it to be written into law.  There is a time for everybody to stand up and be counted,  Grieve told parliament earlier, criticizing some fellow members of the Conservative Party for calling him a traitor over his decision to vote against the government. He dismissed a last-minute pledge by justice minister Dominic Raab for government to write the promise of a meaningful vote into law later on its journey through both houses of parliament as coming  too late . The government was  disappointed  by the vote, a spokeswoman said in a statement, adding that  this amendment does not prevent us from preparing our statute book for exit day . But with May due at an EU summit on Thursday to encourage the other 27 leaders to approve a move to the second phase of Brexit talks and begin a discussion about future trade, the defeat comes at a difficult time for the prime minister. In the European Parliament, which must also ratify any withdrawal treaty with Britain, its Brexit coordinator cheekily tweeted that his British counterparts had  taken back control  - a reference to the catchphrase of pro-Brexit campaigners.  A good day for democracy,  added Guy Verhofstadt. The EU withdrawal bill has been the focus of seven days of often bitter debate, underscoring the deep divisions over Brexit not only among the Conservatives but also in the main opposition Labour Party and across the country. It has also highlighted May s weakness. In June, she gambled on a snap election to strengthen her party s majority in the 650-seat parliament but instead bungled her campaign and ended up with a minority government propped up by the 10 votes of a small, pro-Brexit Northern Irish party. Since then she has struggled to assert her authority over a Conservative Party which is deeply divided over the best route out of the EU.   This defeat is a humiliating loss of authority for the government on the eve of the European Council meeting,  Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said in a statement.  Theresa May has resisted democratic accountability. Her refusal to listen means she will now have to accept Parliament taking back control.  Earlier, May had tried to persuade lawmakers to vote with the government for her Brexit blueprint, saying Grieve s amendment would put added time pressure on a government which wants to make Britain ready to leave the EU in March 2019.  That could be at a very late stage in the proceedings which could mean that we are not able to have the orderly and smooth exit from the European Union that we wish to have,  she told parliament before an hours-long debate on the exit plan. Her spokesman said the government had  in good faith come forward with a strong package of concessions to deal with the spirit of the amendment . Pro-Brexit lawmakers fear the amendment could force Britain to weaken its negotiating stance by offering parliament the opportunity of forcing ministers back to the negotiating table if it feels any final deal is not good enough.  Raab said that could convince the EU that Britain would not walk away from a bad deal.  Actually if that looked likely we d end up with worse terms, and we d be positively incentivizing the EU to give us worse terms,  he told parliament. ",1
12350,"UK urgently needs Brexit transition deal, and more time after that, lawmakers say","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain urgently needs a  standstill  deal to keep its ties with the European Union unchanged in a post-Brexit transition period, and will probably need an adaptation phase after that for sectors such as financial services, a group of lawmakers said. A transition agreement - which is widely expected to last for two years - must be done with Brussels  in a matter of weeks  to stop companies from moving more operations away from Britain, the cross-party Treasury Committee said.  It is highly likely that, for certain sectors, including financial services, the  standstill  transition period will have to be followed by an adaptation period,  the committee said on Thursday in a report, summing up its work so far on Brexit. Many companies are drawing up contingency plans ahead of  Britain leaving the EU in March 2019, given the lack of clarity about their future access to the bloc which accounts for nearly half of Britain s exports. Banks have previously said they want a deal to bridge the period between the end of a Brexit transition phase and the start of Britain s new, permanent relationship with the EU in order to phase in changes to the way they operate.    At this stage, the committee makes no recommendations about the design or duration of this subsequent period, except that, unlike the  standstill  period, it need not involve the UK applying the existing framework of EU rules across all sectors,  the committee said. Prime Minister Theresa May last week secured a deal with Brussels that will pave the way for talks on a transition deal and for negotiations about the future permanent UK-EU trade relationship after Brexit. Nicky Morgan, a lawmaker from May s Conservative Party who chairs the Treasury Committee, said time was of the essence and London should accept EU terms for a transition deal, including temporarily remaining subject to the European Court of Justice.   Delays to agreements caused by arguments over arcane points of principle could damage the economy,  Morgan said.  The government should be prepared to accept the terms on which transition is offered by the EU-27.  Some Brexit supporters have said Britain must no longer be bound by ECJ rulings after Brexit. But under last week s initial divorce deal, Britain will enable its judges to ask the court to weigh in on issues affecting EU citizens for eight years. The committee also warned the government against assuming that last-minute deals would be reached to avoid disruption in areas such as aviation.  The history of international trade diplomacy is replete with examples of short-sighted political considerations prevailing over economic self-interest,  it said.  And the conclusion of such agreements may come too late for firms that are intending to activate their contingency plans in the first quarter of 2018.  ",1
12351,U.N. expert says torture persists at Guantanamo Bay; U.S. denies,"GENEVA (Reuters) - An independent U.N. human rights investigator said on Wednesday that he had information about an inmate being tortured at the U.S. Guantanamo Bay detention facility, despite Washington banning  enhanced interrogation techniques  almost 10 years ago. The U.S. Department of Defense denied the allegation, saying there was no credible evidence to support it. Nils Melzer, the U.N. special rapporteur on torture, said he had information that Ammar al-Baluchi - accused of being a co-conspirator in the 9/11 attacks on the United States - was being subjected to treatment that is banned under international law.   His torture and ill-treatment are reported to continue,  a statement from the U.N. human rights office said, without giving details of the source of Melzer s information.   In addition to the long-term effects of past torture, noise and vibrations are reportedly still being used against him, resulting in constant sleep deprivation and related physical and mental disorders, for which he allegedly does not receive adequate medical attention,  it said. Major Ben Sakrisson, a Pentagon spokesman, said the allegation was not true.  These claims have been investigated on multiple occasions in the past and no credible evidence has been found to substantiate his claims,  he said. The prison, which was opened by President George W. Bush to hold terrorism suspects captured overseas after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks came to symbolize harsh detention practices that opened the United States to accusations of torture. His successor Barack Obama ended the use of  enhanced interrogation techniques  via executive order in January 2009, and reduced the inmate population to 41, but fell short of fulfilling his promise to close the jail. President Donald Trump asked Congress earlier this year for funds to upgrade the jail, having said during his electoral campaign that he wanted to  load it up with some bad dudes . Citing a 2014 Senate investigation, the U.N. statement said al-Baluchi was said to have suffered relentless torture for three-and-a-half years in CIA  black sites  before being moved to Guantanamo, where he had been in a severely restricted-access facility at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade. Al-Baluchi, a Kuwaiti-born Pakistani citizen also known as Abdul Aziz Ali, is the nephew and alleged co-conspirator of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the accused mastermind of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.   Melzer said the ban on torture and ill-treatment was one of the most fundamental norms of international law and could not be justified in any circumstances, and called for prosecution of U.S. officials who had carried out torture.  By failing to prosecute the crime of torture in CIA custody, the U.S. is in clear violation of the Convention against Torture and is sending a dangerous message of complacency and impunity to officials in the U.S. and around the world,  Melzer said in the statement. He said he had renewed a long-standing request to visit Guantanamo Bay to interview inmates, but he and his predecessors in the role had consistently been denied access.  A spokesman for the U.S. State Department said that the U.S. constitution prohibits cruel and unusual punishment and requires humane conditions of confinement, including that of solitary confinement.  We support the work of the U.N. special rapporteurs and the United States has a long history of engaging constructively on matters within mandates of the special rapporteurs,  he said. ",1
12352,Toronto airport requires extra security checks after 'customs breach',"TORONTO (Reuters) - Some U.S.-bound flights from Toronto s main international airport were delayed on Wednesday afternoon due to an incident that prompted authorities to require some passengers to go through customs a second time, a spokeswoman said.  A customs breach  occurred shortly after 3:30 p.m. (2030 GMT) in Terminal 3, Toronto Pearson International Airport spokeswoman Beverly MacDonald said in an email.   Boarding was held while the situation was investigated and some passengers (had) to be reprocessed through U.S. Customs,  she said, adding that the breach was resolved around 5 p.m. (2200 GMT).  The breach occurred when passengers deplaning a flight from Calgary were inadvertently given access to a bypass door to the U.S. departures area, WestJet Airlines Ltd (WJA.TO) spokeswoman Lauren Stewart said in an email to Reuters. Terminal 3 serves flights to the United States on Alaska Air Group Inc (ALK.N), American Airlines Group Inc (AAL.O), Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N) and WestJet, according to the airport s website. ",1
12353,"Despite Tillerson overture, White House says not right time for North Korea talks","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - No negotiations can be held with North Korea until it improves its behavior, a White House official said on Wednesday, raising questions about U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s offer to begin talks with Pyongyang any time and without pre-conditions.  Given North Korea s most recent missile test, clearly right now is not the time,  a White House official told Reuters. Tillerson said on Tuesday the United States was  ready to talk any time North Korea would like to talk,  appearing to back away from a key U.S. demand that Pyongyang must first accept that any negotiations would have to be about giving up its nuclear arsenal. The White House has declined to say whether President Donald Trump, who has taken a tougher rhetorical line against North Korea than Tillerson, gave approval for the overture. A day after Tillerson s comments at Washington s Atlantic Council think tank, the White House official, who declined to be named, laid out a more restrictive formula for any diplomatic engagement with North Korea.  The administration is united in insisting that any negotiations with North Korea must wait until the regime fundamentally improves its behavior,  the official said.  As the secretary of state himself has said, this must include, but is not limited to, no further nuclear or missile tests.  In his speech, however, Tillerson did not explicitly set a testing freeze as a requirement before talks can begin. He said it would be  tough to talk  if Pyongyang decided to test another device in the middle of discussions and that  a period of quiet  would be needed for productive discussions. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert on Wednesday appeared to walk back part of Tillerson s proposal, saying there would have to be a suspension of North Korean nuclear and missile tests for an undefined length of time before any talks could take place.  And we certainly haven t seen that right now,  she told reporters, insisting Tillerson had not unveiled a new policy and was  on the same page  as the White House. Tensions between Washington and Pyongyang over North Korea s weapons advances have grown this year and recent exchanges of bellicose rhetoric have fueled fears over the risk of military conflict. Tillerson s relationship with Trump has been strained by differences over North Korea and other issues, and he has seen his influence diminished within the administration. Senior administration officials said late last month that Trump was considering a plan to oust Tillerson, though the secretary of state has dismissed that. Tillerson said in his speech that Trump  has encouraged our diplomatic efforts.  Trump, however, tweeted in October that Tillerson was  wasting his time  trying to negotiate with North Korea. Tillerson s overture came nearly two weeks after North Korea said it had successfully tested a breakthrough intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that put the entire United States mainland within range. North Korea has made clear it has little interest in negotiations with the United States until it has developed the ability to hit the U.S. mainland with a nuclear-tipped missile, something most experts say it has still not proved. In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said following Tillerson s speech that China welcomed efforts to ease tension and promote dialogue to resolve the North Korea standoff. Russia also welcomed Tillerson s statement, the Interfax news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying. Ahead of Tillerson s speech, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un vowed to develop more nuclear weapons while personally decorating scientists and officials who contributed to the development of Pyongyang s most advanced ICBM, state media said on Wednesday. Despite that, a U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Tillerson s remarks followed speculation North Korea might be willing to talk having announced it had completed a major milestone with last month s missile test and suggested he was trying to take advantage of a potential opening. ",1
12354,Ecuador court sentences VP to six years in jail in Odebrecht graft case,"QUITO (Reuters) - An Ecuadorean court on Wednesday sentenced Vice President Jorge Glas to six years in jail after finding him guilty of receiving bribes from Brazilian construction company Odebrecht [ODBCT.UL]  in return for handing the scandal-ridden firm state contracts. A close ally of leftist ex-President Rafael Correa, Glas served as Correa s vice president from 2013 and retained the position under current President Lenin Moreno. But Moreno, who has largely broken from Correa, suspended Glas in August, accusing him of not being a team player. An Ecuadorean judge in October then ordered pre-trial detention for Glas as part of the investigation into Odebrecht. The public prosecutor s office accused him of pocketing a roughly $13.5-million bribe from Odebrecht via his uncle.  Glas constructed, with (former Odebrecht executive) Jose Conceicao Santos, the awarding of public contracts in return for payment,  Judge Edgar Flores said on Wednesday as he read the decision. Glas, a 48-year-old electrical engineer, has been accused by senior members of Correa s government of corruption while serving as strategic sectors minister and vice president. His lawyer slammed the decision as  unjust  and vowed to appeal. Glas  downfall highlights how fallout from the massive Odebrecht corruption scandal has continued to ripple across South America. The company, which has admitted to paying bribes to win contracts in a number of countries, has paid $3.5 billion in settlements in the United States, Brazil and Switzerland. Odebrecht allegedly paid $33.5 million in bribes to secure contracts in Ecuador. The opposition says that Correa s government was slow to investigate, although he rejects that. ",1
12355,Muslim leaders call on world to recognize East Jerusalem as Palestinian capital,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Muslim leaders on Wednesday condemned U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and called on the world to respond by recognizing East Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, who hosted the summit of more than 50 Muslim countries in Istanbul, said the U.S. move meant Washington had forfeited its role as broker in efforts to end Israeli-Palestinian conflict.   From now on, it is out of the question for a biased United States to be a mediator between Israel and Palestine, that period is over,  Erdogan said at the end of the meeting of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation member states.  We need to discuss who will be a mediator from now on. This needs to be tackled in the U.N. too,  Erdogan said. A communique posted on the Turkish Foreign Ministry website said the emirs, presidents and ministers gathered in Istanbul regarded Trump s move  as an announcement of the U.S. Administration s withdrawal from its role as sponsor of peace . It described the decision as  a deliberate undermining of all peace efforts, an impetus (for) extremism and terrorism, and a threat to international peace and security . Leaders including Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, Iran s President Hassan Rouhani and Jordan s King Abdullah, a close U.S. ally, all criticized Washington s move.  Jerusalem is and always will be the capital of Palestine,  Abbas said, adding Trump s decision was  the greatest crime  and a violation of international law. Asked about the criticism at a State Department briefing in Washington, spokeswoman Heather Nauert said that despite the  inflammatory rhetoric  from the region, Trump  is committed to this peace process.   That type of rhetoric that we heard has prevented peace in the past,  she said, urging people to  ignore some of the distortions  and focus on what Trump actually said. She said his decision did not affect the city s final borders, which were dependent upon negotiation between Israel and the Palestinians. But when asked whether East Jerusalem could similarly be recognized as the capital of a future Palestinian state, Nauert said that determination should be left to final status negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians.  We re taking a position on how we view Jerusalem,  she said.  I think it s up to the Israelis and Palestinians to decide how they want to view the borders - again final status negotiations.  Abbas told OIC leaders in Istanbul that Washington had shown it could no longer be an honest broker.   It will be unacceptable for it to have a role in the political process any longer since it is biased in favor of Israel,  he said.  This is our position and we hope you support us in this.  Jerusalem, revered by Jews, Christians and Muslims alike, is home to Islam s third holiest site and has been at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in 1967 and later annexed it in an action not recognized internationally. The communique on the Turkish ministry website and a separate  Istanbul Declaration  distributed to journalists after the meeting said the leaders called on all countries to recognize East Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine.  We invite the Trump administration to reconsider its unlawful decision that might trigger...chaos in the region, and to rescind its mistaken step,  the declaration said. Iran, locked in a regional rivalry with Saudi Arabia, said the Muslim world should overcome internal problems through dialogue so it could unite against Israel. Tehran has repeatedly called for the destruction of the Israeli state and backs several militant groups in their fight against it.   America is only seeking to secure the maximum interests of the Zionists and it has no respect for the legitimate rights of Palestinians,  Rouhani told the summit.  King Abdullah, whose country signed a peace treaty with Israel more than 20 years ago, said he rejected any attempt to alter the status quo of Jerusalem and its holy sites.  Abdullah s Hashemite dynasty is custodian of Jerusalem s Muslim sites, making Amman sensitive to any changes in the city. Not all countries were represented by heads of government. Some sent ministers and Saudi Arabia, another close ally of Washington s, sent a junior foreign minister. Summit host Turkey has warned that Trump s decision would plunge the world into  a fire with no end in sight . Erdogan described it as reward for Israeli actions including occupation, settlement construction, land seizure and  disproportionate violence and murder .  Israel is an occupying state (and) Israel is a terror state,  he told the summit.   I invite all countries supporting international law to recognize Jerusalem as the occupied capital of Palestine,  Erdogan told OIC leaders and officials. Trump s declaration has been applauded by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who said Washington had an irreplaceable part to play in the region. ",1
12356,"Merkel's conservatives keen, but SPD still coy on German government talks","BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives said they were willing to open formal talks on forming a government with Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) - but her chosen partner was expected to take two more days to decide how to proceed. Weakened by heavy election losses to the far-right and then by the collapse last month of talks on a three-way alliance, Merkel is pinning her hopes on the SPD for a fourth term as chancellor and to avoid new elections. Leaders of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and her Bavarian conservative allies (CSU) sought to persuade their SPD counterparts to drop their objections to a renewal of the  grand coalition  the two parties have been governing in since 2013.  The CDU and CSU representatives made clear that they wanted to begin exploratory talks with the SPD on creating a stable government,  the conservative camp said in a statement. But an SPD official said the party first needed to hold consultations before announcing a decision on Friday. After four years of governing with Merkel, the center-left party scored its worst election result since 1933 - and few members want to repeat that experience. Sensing that Merkel s lack of alternatives leaves it in a strong position, the SPD has said it would agree to share power only if it wins commitments on more generous social policy.  A decisive point for the SPD is that the social agenda has more prominence in Germany,  leading Social Democrat Carsten Schneider told German television ahead of the talks, demanding  fairness for ordinary heroes.  But the mood between the two parties is still sour and Merkel herself has been a frequent target of criticism by the Social Democrats. The secrecy surrounding the talks underlined their sensitivity. With both sides having a lot to lose, the parties plan no public statements when talks conclude on Wednesday evening. SPD leader Martin Schulz has made a pitch for EU integration leading to a  United States of Europe  by 2025, and the SPD wants a big spending boost on education, more nursery spots and a big healthcare reform. Merkel wants to maintain Germany s solid finances, cut some taxes and expand the digital infrastructure.  The SPD had vowed to go into opposition after its dismal election result and only softened its approach, agreeing to meet Merkel, due to pressure from President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who wants to avoid new elections. The SPD pulled no punches in attacking Merkel during the election campaign. Schulz has described Merkel, known for pragmatism rather than vision, as a vacuum cleaner of ideas and has also accused her of silencing debate on issues.  A row last month over a conservative minister breaking protocol to back an extension for an EU license for a weed-killer despite SPD opposition hurt ties at a crucial time.    One of the SPD s deputies, Ralf Stegner, adopted a combative tone on Wednesday, saying nobody could dictate the terms to the SPD as the conservative bloc needed the party to rule.  Some in the SPD are prepared to contemplate another grand coalition, albeit with a clear SPD signature, but others prefer the idea of tolerating a minority government under Merkel.  One other option is a  KoKo  (cooperation coalition) agreement under which the SPD would agree to work with Merkel in some areas, such as the budget and European and foreign affairs, but force her to seek ad-hoc majorities for other policies. This idea is unpopular with conservatives who prefer a grand coalition.  We have to try it - but please, seriously,  Carsten Linnemann, head of a group representing small and medium-sized businesses in the conservative bloc, told ARD television. ",1
12357,North Korea shows no sign it is serious about talking: U.S. official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The State Department said Wednesday that the United States would be open to talking to North Korea  when the time is right  but that it could not happen now because Pyongyang has shown no sign of a willingness to halt its missile and nuclear testing. Despite U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s offer on Tuesday to start talks with North Korea without pre-conditions, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said there would first have to be a  period of calm  in which Pyongyang suspends  testing before any negotiations could begin. Tillerson, in a speech to a Washington think tank on Tuesday, did not explicitly establish such a freeze as a requirement that North Korea must meet ahead of talks. Nauert, speaking at the State Department s daily briefing, insisted that Tillerson was not establishing new policy in his speech, even though he appeared to back away from a key U.S. demand that Pyongyang must first accept that any negotiations would have to be about giving up its nuclear arsenal. ",1
12358,Canada says defense firms can now sell small arms to Ukraine,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada said on Wednesday that defense contractors would be allowed to sell weapons such as automatic firearms and electric stun guns to Ukraine, a move the government in Kiev has long pressed for. The Canadian foreign ministry said in a statement it would closely examine every bid and noted that  exportation of these items is limited.   Ukraine, which says it needs the weapons to help counter Russian-backed separatists who have occupied eastern parts of the country, also wants to buy arms from the United States. Washington though has yet to make a decision.  In September, Russian President Vladimir Putin warned the United States not to supply Ukraine with defensive weapons. A war in eastern Ukraine between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government forces has killed more than 10,000 people in three years. Around 200 Canadian troops are stationed in Ukraine to help train local soldiers. The mission is due to end in March 2019. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland is a strong critic of Russia, in particular its decision in 2014 to annex the Ukrainian region of Crimea. ",1
12359,"North Korea's Kim Jong Un fetes rocket scientists, promises more weapons","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un vowed to develop more nuclear weapons on Tuesday while personally decorating scientists and officials who contributed to the development of Pyongyang s most advanced intercontinental ballistic missile, the Hwasong-15. Hwasong-15, which was test-launched on Nov. 29, has been largely perceived by analysts and government officials to have a range that can reach all of the mainland United States.  However, experts believe North Korea still has some technical points it needs to improve before fully completing its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile that can hit the entirety of the United States. Kim Jong Un said on Tuesday the scientists and workers would continue manufacturing  more latest weapons and equipment  to  bolster up the nuclear force in quality and quantity , the North s central news agency reported on Wednesday. The North Korean leader was speaking at the close of a rare two-day munitions conference to celebrate the Hwasong-15. Kim also said North Korea should develop and manufacture more diverse weapons. Kim personally awarded medals to  those in the field of defense science who most faithfully and perfectly carried out the Party s plan for building strategic nuclear force, successfully test-fired ICBM Hwasong-15 and thus demonstrated the dignity and might of our powerful state all over the world once again,  KCNA said without naming the recipients. They were given several medals, including the Order of Kim Il Sung and Order of Kim Jong Il, the highest orders of the DPRK, an acronym for North Korea s official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. In addition to the medals, KCNA said the scientists and officials were given watches engraved with the names of Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il, the North Korean leader s  grandfather and father.  He solemnly declared that the development of new strategic weapon systems including A-bomb, H-bomb and ICBM Hwasong-15 with indigenous efforts and technology and the realization of the great cause of completing the state nuclear force serve as a great historic victory of our Party and people of the country,  North Korea s state media added citing Kim. The isolated state has previously said it has succeeded in developing atom bombs and hydrogen bombs as it carried out six nuclear tests from 2006, with the latest in September this year, although no outside entity has been able to confirm the North s announcements.  ",1
12360,U.S. prepares to open doors on billion-dollar London embassy,"LONDON (Reuters) - The U.S. Embassy in London moves next month to a new billion-dollar home overlooking the River Thames   just as U.S. President Donald Trump s actions have placed strains on the  special relationship  between Britain and the United States. Britain s closest ally will leave behind an imposing 1960 stone and concrete embassy in London s upmarket Grosvenor Square   an area known as  Little America  during World War Two, when the square also housed the military headquarters of General Dwight D. Eisenhower. The old embassy was also a focus for British discontent with U.S. policy. Anti-Vietnam War protests in the 1960s drew thousand of Britons, including celebrities of the day like Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger. The new 12-storey building on the south bank of the river is at the heart of a huge regeneration project in a former industrial zone known as  Nine Elms . Set in what will become an urban park, it will open for business on Jan. 16, hosting 800 staff and about 1,000 visitors each day.  This embassy, when you look out through the windows, it reflects the global outlook of the U.S. going forward in the 21st century: rather looking out, than looking in,  said Woody Johnson, Trump s appointed U.S. ambassador to Britain. The U.S. State Department ran a competition to design the new building in 2008. Its $1 billion construction was wholly funded by the sale of other properties in London.  The glass structure  gives form to core democratic values of transparency, openness and equality  a State Department briefing document said. Inside the cube, visitors will be greeted by an imposing stone facade featuring the bald eagle of the United States  Great Seal. The embassy is also designed to exacting security specifications, set back at least 100 feet (30 meters) from surrounding buildings - mostly newly-erected high-rise residential blocks - and incorporating living quarters for the U.S. Marines permanently stationed inside.    This isn t just a new office, though, it signifies a new era of friendship between out two countries. President Trump wants us to work more closely than ever with the UK,  Johnson said.    The British relationship with its former colony is a broad political, cultural and military alliance forged over the last century and exercised on battlefields around the world. But it has been tested in recent months. Prime Minister Theresa May was the first foreign leader to visit the White House after Trump s surprise election in November 2016 and used the trip to invite him for a full state visit.  While the two leaders have committed to strengthen trade links and have spoken regularly, their governments have disagreed on several issues, such as Trump s decision to decertify Iran s compliance with a multilateral nuclear deal, and his move to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. A possible state visit by Trump remains a contentious issue among Britons, with lawmakers and campaign groups calling for the offer to be rescinded and promising to take to the streets in protest if he does come to Britain.   The right to protest is a basic right in this country and our country. Expressing one s view is well within the bounds of reasonableness,  Johnson said. He said he hoped Trump could attend an as-yet unscheduled opening ceremony for the new building but that there were no firm plans in place. This month, May publicly criticized Trump for reposting British far-right anti-Islam videos from his Twitter accounts. He responded with a rebuke, telling May to focus on Islamic extremism in Britain. ",1
12361,Turkish police summon FBI official: Anadolu,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police summoned a Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) official on Wednesday over statements made in a U.S. court by a former Turkish police investigator who fled the country last year, the state-run Anadolu Agency said. Anadolu said the FBI official was summoned following testimony given by Huseyin Korkmaz in the trial of a former executive at Turkish state-run bank Halkbank, who is charged with taking part in a scheme to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert confirmed that an FBI attache at the U.S. Embassy  had been brought in to the Turkish ministry . She provided no details. The former bank executive, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, has pleaded not guilty. Halkbank has denied involvement with any illegal transactions. Korkmaz told jurors in a New York court on Monday that he fled Turkey in 2016 out of fear of retaliation from the government after leading a corruption investigation involving high-ranking officials. He said he took his evidence with him. Korkmaz said he had received $50,000 from the FBI and financial assistance from U.S. prosecutors for his rental payments. The FBI declined to comment on Wednesday.  Turkish police said they could not immediately comment on the report that they had summoned an official from the U.S. agency. A spokesman for the U.S. embassy in Ankara said the embassy was aware of the report but had no immediate comment. Already strained ties between NATO allies Ankara and Washington have deteriorated further over the court case, in which Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is cooperating with U.S. prosecutors, has detailed a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. Korkmaz is testifying for the prosecution at the trial. He told the court this week that he began investigating Zarrab in 2012.  Zarrab has implicated top Turkish politicians, including Erdogan. Zarrab said on Thursday that when Erdogan was prime minister he authorised a transaction to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions. Although he has not yet responded to the courtroom claims, Erdogan has dismissed the case as a politically motivated attempt, led by U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, to bring down the Turkish government. The government blames Gulen s network for last year s failed military coup in Turkey. Gulen has denied any involvement. ",1
12362,Brazil's Temer undergoes urinary tract surgery,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer had minor surgery on Wednesday for a narrowing of his urethra and the operation was successful, his office said. It was the second time the 77-year-old president had surgery on his urinary tract in two months. In October, he was operated on to reduce an enlarged prostate that had caused a urinary obstruction. Temer canceled his scheduled meetings on Wednesday and flew to S o Paulo for tests that were followed by surgery at the city s S rio-Liban s Hospital. In November, Temer underwent an angioplasty procedure to implant stents in three coronary arteries after his doctors found what they said was a bigger obstruction in one of the arteries. Wednesday s tests came at a crucial moment in Temer s presidency, as he scrambles to secure votes to pass a pension overhaul bill to help bring Brazil s huge budget deficit under control. ",1
12363,Saudi King Salman says determined to confront corruption,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s King Salman bin Abdulaziz said on Wednesday his government was determined to confront corruption with  justice and decisiveness , signalling continued support for a crackdown on sleaze involving mass arrests of top Saudis including royals. In a televised speech to the country s consultative Shura  council, Salman also said the world s largest oil exporter will work to enable the private sector to become a partner in the kingdom s economic diversification drive away from petroleum. Saudi security forces rounded up hundreds of members of the political and business elite, including princes and tycoons, in early November: Riyadh said it was a crackdown on corruption but the move was also widely seen as helping Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman tighten his grip on power. The purge has caused concern about damage to the economy, especially among foreign investors the kingdom is seeking to attract. But the government has insisted it is respecting due process and that the companies of detained businessmen will continue operating normally. In a speech focused on economic issues, Salman said the kingdom was pushing ahead with its  Vision 2030  economic reform plan to find new sources of revenue for the OPEC powerhouse. But he said that corruption was one of the main threats to economic development.  We have decided, with God s help, to confront it (corruption) with justice and decisiveness so that our country can enjoy the renaissance and development that every citizen aspires for,  he said. Signaling his support for the campaign of arrests, he said that he had ordered the formation of a higher committee against corruption headed by the crown prince.  Thanks be to God that those are a few (people),  he said, referring to the number of arrestees. The public prosecutor said last week that most of those detained in the anti-corruption campaign have agreed to settlements to avoid prosecution, while the rest could be held for months. Salman said the restructuring the kingdom was undertaking did not contradict its Islamic values, which he said were based on moderate Islam.  There is no place among us for an extremist who sees moderation as deviation, or who would exploit our benevolent faith to achieve his goals,  he added. Salman also reiterated Saudi Arabia s condemnation of President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and move the U.S. embassy to the city. In an apparent reference to arch-foe Iran, Salman also said Saudi Arabia was working with its allies to confront any  tendency for external interference in the internal affairs and fan the flames of sectarian sedition, and undermine regional security and stability . He did not elaborate. ",1
12364,Romania's lower house passes judicial overhaul bills,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s lower house of parliament approved on Wednesday legislation to overhaul its justice system, legislation that the European Commission, the U.S. State Department and the country s president have criticized as threatening judicial independence. Two bills, and a third which was approved on Monday, are part of a wider overhaul that has triggered street protests across the country in recent weeks and which thousands of magistrates oppose The European Union state, ranked as one of the bloc s most corrupt, joins its eastern European peers Hungary and Poland, where populist leaders are also trying to control the judiciary, defying EU concerns over the rule of law. Romania s ruling Social Democrats, which command an overwhelming majority in parliament together with their junior coalition partner, ALDE, have so far ignored the protesters. Changes approved on Wednesday include setting up a special unit to investigate criminal offences committed by judges and prosecutors. This makes magistrates the only professional category with a system dedicated to investigating them. The bills also enforce more restrictive criteria for prosecutors seeking to join anti-corruption and anti-organized- crime prosecuting units. On Monday, lawmakers approved a bill that changes the way magistrates are supervised and amends the definition of prosecutor activity to exclude the word  independent .  The three bills must now be approved by the senate, with a vote expected next week. Opposition parties and President Klaus Iohannis could also challenge the bills at the Constitutional Court, but the outcome of that was unclear. The ruling Social Democrats also plan changes to the country s criminal code. In November, the European Commission said justice reform has stagnated this year and challenges to judicial independence remain a persistent source of concern. At the start of this year, attempts by the Social Democrats to decriminalize several corruption offences triggered the country s largest street protests in decades. Romanian prosecutors have investigated thousands of public officials in an unprecedented crackdown on top-level graft. The lower house and senate speakers are both currently on trial in separate cases. ",1
12365,Italy likely to hold national elections on March 4,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s parliament will be dissolved between Christmas and the New Year, a parliamentary source said on Wednesday, opening the way for national elections in early March that look unlikely to produce a clear winner. The source said the most likely date for the vote was March 4 but added that March 11 remained a possibility, with a final decision due shortly. A national election must be held by May, but most political parties are keen to hold elections as soon as possible, with the last major piece of legislation, the 2018 budget, scheduled to be approved before the end of the year.  A vote on March 4? That would be excellent. The sooner we go to the polls the better,  said Matteo Salvini, head of the far-right Northern League party. Italy s 10-year bond yield rose to a two-week high on the election reports, with investors concerned about political uncertainty in the euro zone s third biggest economy. Former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi s center-right alliance is seen winning the most seats at the forthcoming ballot, opinion polls say. But he looks unlikely to secure enough votes to hold an absolute majority. The anti-establishment 5-Star Movement is predicted to emerge as the largest single party in the next parliament, but it has repeatedly ruled out joining any coalition. Berlusconi said at a book presentation on Wednesday that Italy should return to the polls if the vote produces no clear majority, with current Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni carrying on for  at least three months  during a new election campaign. The often fractious alliance between Berlusconi and Salvini creaked on Wednesday when Salvini threatened to break off talks after Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party declined to back a League proposal to toughen sanctions for violent crime. The two parties have no common platform and have not settled on a commonly agreed candidate for prime minister. Support for the ruling center-left Democratic Party (PD), headed by former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, has fallen steadily in recent months, with the group heavily penalized by deep schisms and personality clashes. The parliamentary source, who was in contact with President Sergio Mattarella, said the head of state would almost certainly dissolve both houses after Gentiloni had held a traditional end-of-year news conference, set for Dec. 28. Gentiloni will remain as a caretaker prime minister until a new government is formed, helping to guarantee political stability in the interim. Italy s economy is finally pulling clear of years of recession and is expected to post growth of 1.5 percent this year and next   still lagging most of its euro zone peers. Employers  association Confindustria warned on Wednesday that the recovery could be jeopardized by political uncertainty.  The next elections will be very important, placing the country at a crossroads, with one path leading to a continuation of reforms and the other leading nowhere,  it said in a report, warning parties against pursuing  demagogic measures . Political leaders have already made a rash of promises that economists warn could damage the country s fragile finances, including pledges of generous handouts for pensioners and large tax cuts. ",1
12366,British lawmakers defeat May's government on Brexit law,"LONDON (Reuters) - British lawmakers defeated Prime Minister Theresa May s government on Wednesday, voting to change her Brexit blueprint in a move which could complicate her efforts to sever ties with the European Union. The parliament voted 309 to 305 in favor of an amendment to demand parliament pass a separate bill to approve any final deal with the EU. ",1
12367,Parliamentary defeat will not stop preparations for Brexit day: UK government,"LONDON (Reuters) - The British government is disappointed by a vote in parliament to change Prime Minister Theresa May s Brexit blueprint, but it will not stop legal preparations for Britain to leave the European Union, a spokeswoman said on Wednesday.  We are disappointed that parliament has voted for this amendment despite the strong assurances that we have set out,  the government spokeswoman said in a statement.  This amendment does not prevent us from preparing our statute book for exit day. We will now determine whether further changes are needed to the (EU withdrawal) bill to ensure it fulfils its vital purpose.  ",1
12368,"Exclusive: After Grenfell fire, same builders rehired to replace dangerous cladding, Reuters finds","LONDON (Reuters) - Some building companies that installed dangerous cladding on social housing blocks across Britain are now winning new contracts following the Grenfell Tower blaze to remove their original work and install panels that can pass safety tests, a Reuters review shows. The safety of high-rise buildings has come under scrutiny since the Grenfell disaster in June which killed 71 people. The British government, which ordered a series of tests to establish which types of cladding panels met fire safety rules, said those on the London tower block did not comply. A Reuters review identified 65 other towers with cladding of a type that was approved by local building inspectors, but which government tests found did not comply with the statutory regulations. The towers were clad by major builders including French groups Engie (ENGIE.PA) and Bouygues (BOUY.PA), and Britain s Galliford Try (GFRD.L), Forrest, Wates Group, Rydon Group and Willmott Dixon.  The Reuters review was based on publicly available building planning permission documents, which detail the work carried out and the materials used, as well as visits to the towers and statements from housing providers and builders.  For 29 of the buildings, the same builders that installed the cladding have won new contracts to remove or replace the panels, according to the owners of the buildings, who said they were paying millions of pounds for the work. The rehired companies are Willmott Dixon, Wates and Engie.  Willmott Dixon and Rydon said their cladding work complied with safety regulations, but did not say how. Wates, Bouygues, Galliford Try and Engie declined to answer questions on whether their work complied with regulations.  Following the Grenfell tragedy, we have been supporting the relevant councils, and removed the cladding where requested. Our primary concern is to ensure all residents in these buildings are secure and safe,  said an Engie spokesman. In the wake of Grenfell, the government ordered an independent review into building regulations and fire safety, and the way the rules are complied with and enforced. The review is due to report its findings early next year.  The 65 towers in question are owned by local governments - known as councils - or housing associations, which are publicly funded, non-profit bodies that provide housing intended for low-income people.  At the time all the panels were installed, building inspectors - usually council workers but sometimes staff of inspection firms licensed by councils - signed off the work as being compliant with safety regulations, according to the owners of the blocks and the building firms involved.  Chris Blythe, CEO of trade body the Chartered Institute of Building, said builders hired to carry out high-rise cladding projects used many subcontractors and advisers, and that this could lead to misunderstandings, with one party thinking another had ensured work was compliant.   The business model we have is almost geared up for potential failure,  said Blythe, adding that if fewer parties were involved, there would be less room for confusion over responsibilities. For all 65 blocks identified by Reuters, the councils or council-licensed firms whose inspectors approved the work as compliant either did not respond to requests for comment or declined to comment while the independent review was ongoing. The government has already acknowledged problems with the inspection process, with Fire Service Minister Nick Hurd saying in July there was a  system failure, built up over many years  in the area of regulation enforcement.  However a spokeswoman for the Department for Communities and Local Government (DCLG), which ordered the cladding tests and regulations review, said sign-off by inspectors did not absolve contractors of responsibility to meet safety standards.  Cladding systems are panels put up on the outside of buildings to improve their aesthetics and energy efficiency.  Since 2006, building regulations have required materials used in cladding on high-rise buildings to be able to pass the  BS 8414 test  which measures combustibility. After Grenfell, the DCLG ordered a series BS 8414 tests to establish which types of cladding met fire safety rules. It said that, of around 600 social housing towers in England that had cladding, 161 had systems of a type that failed the tests. But it did not name the towers. Reuters identified 60 blocks which, since 2006, had been cladded with aluminum panels with polyethylene cores - a form of cladding that failed the DCLG s test, and which the prime minister and three other ministers have said breaches safety regulations when used in tall buildings. Five other blocks, also cladded since 2006, had combinations of panel and insulation board that failed the test.  The three companies that were rehired to replace the cladding on 29 of the towers had all originally fitted aluminum panels with polyethylene cores.  Wates secured contracts with Westminster council in central London and One Manchester housing association to reclad 14 towers it covered in 2007 and 2010.  Willmott Dixon has received contracts from Oxford council and west London s Octavia housing association to replace panels it installed on three blocks early this year and in 2013. Engie has been hired by Barnet Homes in north London to replace cladding on three blocks it clad in 2012. It also has a contract to remove cladding from nine blocks in Salford, north England, owned by the local council that it clad around 2016.  Engie has been hired to remove panels from 12 blocks it clad in 2012 and 2016, and install new cladding on three of them. The contracts are with housing associations Barnet Homes in north London, and Pendleton Together in Salford, north England.  The three building companies declined to comment on how much the contracts were worth. However five of the six owners of the buildings told Reuters how much money they were paying for the work. Oxford council said about 1 million pounds ($1.3 million) for its two blocks; Octavia said about 2 million pounds for one block, Westminster council said about 6 million pounds for six blocks; and Barnet Homes said 8.2 million pounds for three blocks.  Salford council said it expects to spend up to 25 million pounds in total for the removal and recladding work on nine blocks. Engie has been hired to remove its original panels, but the recladding contractor has not yet been named. One Manchester declined to comment on how much its recladding work would cost.  The building companies declined to comment on the figures. Jonathan Raynes a partner with law firm Steptoe & Johnson said councils or housing associations who paid contractors for cladding that turned out to be non-compliant could sue the contractor for the cost of replacing the cladding.   The contract will almost certainly have a provision that says the contractor must build in accordance with statutory requirements,  he said, adding that if the contract didn t say this, a requirement to act legally could be deemed implicit. Raynes and Adam Creasey, a solicitor with Lewis Nedas, said the fact building inspectors signed off on work did not remove the builder s responsibility to adhere to building regulations. Creasey added a builder could conceivably try and reclaim any money awarded against it from the body which provided the inspection sign-off.  Reuters contacted the owners of all 65 blocks with cladding of a type that failed the government tests - seven local councils and 10 housing associations - and asked if they were considering legal action against contractors to recover the money spent on cladding, or to cover the cost of replacement. Only Camden council in north London said it was considering legal action. It declined to elaborate on its plans. Barnet said it was not seeking any money from its contractor, Engie, over the original cladding but declined to say why. Westminster council said it was not seeking any money from its contractor, Wates, because it believed the original work was compliant with the rules in place at the time.  Oxford council said it had not sought money from Willmott Dixon over the original cladding and would only consider taking legal advice after the independent review was completed.  One Manchester said it would not talk about seeking recompense while the review was on-going.  ",1
12369,'Sahel coalition' wants victories against Islamist militants by mid-2018,"LA CELLE-SAINT-CLOUD/PARIS (Reuters) - A French-backed West African military force to tackle Islamist militants must secure its first victories by the middle of 2018 to prove its worth and ensure more concrete support from the United Nations, the French and Malian leaders said on Wednesday.  The G5 Sahel - composed of the armies of Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Burkina Faso and Chad - launched a symbolic military operation to mark its creation in October amid growing unrest in the region, whose porous borders are regularly crossed by jihadists, including affiliates of al Qaeda and Islamic State. However, France which has some 4,000 troops in the region, has bemoaned that the militants have scored military and symbolic victories in West Africa while the G5 force has struggled to win financing and become operational. To give the force a boost, French President Emmanuel Macron hosted the leaders of the five participating countries, Germany and Italy as well as the Saudi and Emirati ministers at a summit. In a sign Gulf Arab states are upping their influence in the region, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates committed 130 million euros ($152.75 million) on Wednesday, although the initiative has not won support from key regional player Algeria.   As far as the G5 are concerned, we are aware that the clock is ticking,  Malian President Ibrahim Boubacar Ke ta told a news conference after the summit of some 15 nations to discuss the force s implementation.  There is an urgency today that we quickly achieve results in the fight against terrorism,  he said, warning of a possible jihadist rush from the Middle East to West Africa. Thousands of U.N. peacekeepers, French troops and U.S. military trainers and drone operators have failed so far to stem the growing wave of jihadist violence, leading world powers to pin their hopes on the new force. Despite French efforts, U.S. reluctance at the United Nations has meant the force does not have direct financial backing from the U.N. making it harder to secure almost $500 million in initial funding for the operation and much-need equipment.  Macron sees the full implementation of the G5 force as a long-term exit strategy for his own forces that intervened in 2013 to beat back an insurgency in northern Mali.   We have a very simple objective which is to have the first victories in the first half of 2018,  Macron said. He added that the aim was to ensure 5,000 men were ready by then.  Macron has personally backed the force, including asking Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to contribute to it and prove the kingdom s intention to tackle extremist ideology.  Saudi Arabia on Wednesday confirmed it would provide 100 million euros for the force, while the UAE will provide 30 million euros, bringing commitments to more than half the amount targeted. A separate donor conference is to be held on Feb. 23.  Both the UAE and Saudi Arabia are interested in the Sahel. Getting a seat at the table, being seen as security stakeholders, is something that fits in their respective strategies,  said Jalel Harchaoui, a geopolitics researcher at Paris 8 University. Macron said he wanted to push the Security Council to divert funds from the more than 10,000-strong MINUSMA peacekeeping force in Mali to the G5. One notable absence in Paris was Algeria. Authorities in Paris are concerned it is not fully co-operating in tackling militants roaming along its border or pushing the implementation of Malian peace talks that it brokered.  All those who want to take part in the Sahel coalition are welcome. I went to Algeria last week and I invited Algeria to co-operate more actively to the work today. It s Algeria s decision, but I want (their help),  Macron said in reply to a journalist s question. Algiers remains suspicious of military activity by its former colonial ruler near its border. Prime Minister Ahmed Ouyahia has said the mission duplicates existing activities since Algeria has already been co-ordinating counter-terrorism efforts with the G5 for over 10 years.  ",1
12370,Irish parliament committee backs referendum on abortion up to 12 weeks,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - An Irish parliamentary committee on Wednesday recommended that an abortion referendum due next year should offer the choice of allowing terminations with no restrictions up to 12 weeks into a pregnancy, a more liberal position than some had anticipated. The cross-party committee s recommendations are not binding and the final wording of the planned referendum to change some of the world s strictest abortion laws will be down to the government and require the support of parliament.  Abortion remains an acutely divisive issue in Ireland, where the once all-pervasive political influence of the Roman Catholic church has lessened in the past 20 years. Legislation was changed only in 2013 to allow terminations in cases where the mother s life was in danger, after a woman who was having a miscarriage died of sepsis in a hospital where her medical team refused her pleas to end the failed pregnancy. The government last year began a lengthy process to consider further changes and Prime Minister Leo Varadkar reiterated on Wednesday that he would like to call a referendum for next May once parliament has considered the committee s recommendations. A IPSOS/MRBI poll in October showed that 57 percent of voters would support abortion in cases of rape, fatal foetal abnormality or a real risk to the life of the mother. This was widely seen as a likely option to be offered to voters.  Just 24 percent in the same poll said they would support a right to abortion in all circumstances up to the 22nd week of pregnancy.  In supporting a recommendation to legalize the termination of pregnancy  with no restriction as to reason  up to 12 weeks, the committee cited the complexities of legislating for the termination of pregnancy for reasons of rape and incest. The measure was passed by 12 votes to five with four abstentions. The committee, which has been holding hearings on the matter for the past three months, voted against a recommendation to allow abortion up to the 22nd week of pregnancy.  The committee s proposals will be included in a report due to be handed to government on Dec. 20. Some pro-choice activists have campaigned for a more liberal regime, closer to that of England, which allows terminations to be carried out up to 24 weeks after conception, while anti-abortion supporters demand no further changes to the law. ",1
12371,Congo fighters jailed for life for child rape ceremonies: rights groups,"GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Eleven Congolese militia fighters were jailed for life on Wednesday for raping dozens of girls as young as 18 months during ceremonies meant to give the men supernatural powers, rights groups observing the trial said. Human rights campaigners hailed the court s verdict as a landmark decision in a country where they say rape by armed groups is commonplace and often unpunished. The fighters from Djeshi ya Yesu - the Army of Jesus - militia were accused of raping at least 37 girls near the village of Kavumu in Democratic Republic of Congo s South Kivu province between 2013 and 2016, the rights groups said. According to the prosecution, the group s leader, provincial lawmaker Frederic Batumike, employed a spiritual adviser who told the fighters that raping very young children would give them mystical protection against their enemies. Militia members, including Batumike, were also convicted of murder, membership in a rebel movement and illegal weapons possession. The court ruled that the rapes and murders amounted to crimes against humanity, the rights groups said. The crimes triggered an international outcry. Rights groups accused the government of a slow response.  This was necessary. The victims have been waiting. It s a strong signal to anyone who would contemplate this kind of offense,  Charles Cubaka Cicura, a lawyer for the victims, told Reuters after the verdict was announced.  Millions died in eastern Congo in regional wars between 1996 and 2003, most from hunger and disease. Dozens of armed groups continue to prey on local population and fight for control of the area s rich natural resources. Experts say Congo has made some progress in combating sexual violence and several high-level militia and army commanders have been prosecuted in recent years, but the problem remains pervasive.  This trial demonstrated that justice can be served in the Congo ... even when the accused wield significant power and are highly organised,  said Karen Naimer of Physicians for Human Rights, one of the groups supporting the victims. The mobile court which set up in Kavumu village allocated $5,000 in compensation to each rape victim and $15,000 to the families of men murdered by the militia, the groups said.   ",1
12372,"Venezuela's opposition takes EU human rights prize, urges world scrutiny","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s opposition received a European Union prize for human rights on Wednesday and urged the world to keep a close eye on an upcoming presidential election where it aspires to end two decades of socialist rule in the OPEC nation. Foes of President Nicolas Maduro failed to dislodge him during months of street protests this year that turned violent killing more than 125 people, and have been dismayed to see him consolidate his power in recent months. But they hope a presidential vote due in 2018 will galvanize exhausted and despondent supporters, and want foreign pressure for reforms to an election system they say is at the service of Maduro s  dictatorship .  In the next few months, there should be a presidential election and we ask Europe and the free world to pay full attention,  Julio Borges, head of the opposition-led National Assembly, said, receiving the Sakharov Prize.  The regime has kidnapped democracy, and installed hunger and misery,  he added during the ceremony at the EU parliament in Strasbourg. The prize, named after Soviet physicist and dissident Andrei Sakharov, was awarded this year to Venezuela s National Assembly and  all political prisoners , according to the citation. Venezuela s opposition won National Assembly elections in 2015, but the legislature has been sidelined by verdicts from the pro-government Supreme Court and the controversial election this year of a pro-Maduro Constituent Assembly superbody.   Another opposition leader Antonio Ledezma, who recently escaped house arrest in Venezuela and fled to Spain, said the EU prize ceremony was a painful moment because of the scores of opposition activists still jailed.  I cannot be happy receiving this prize knowing that in the dungeons of Venezuela there remain, unjustly deprived of liberty, more than 300 political prisoners,  he said.  Maduro, the 55-year-old successor to Hugo Chavez who has ruled Venezuela since 2013, denies the existence of political prisoners, saying all activists in detention are there for legitimate charges such as coup-plotting and violence. Favorite to be the Socialist Party s candidate for the presidential vote, Maduro says he has faced down a U.S.-backed coup attempt by opponents this year. He frequently mocks both Borges and Ledezma in public speeches. The opposition has a dilemma in choosing its candidate for the 2018 race, given that its most popular figures cannot run: Leopoldo Lopez is under house arrest, while Henrique Capriles is prohibited from holding office.   The European Union last month imposed an arms embargo on Venezuela, adding it to a list that includes North Korea and Syria.      ",1
12373,Peru prosecutor probing alleged abuse seeks to jail Catholic society founder,"LIMA (Reuters) - A public prosecutor in Peru is seeking the pre-trial detention of Luis Figari, founder of an elite Catholic society who is accused of sexually and physically abusing children and former members of the group, the attorney for the victims of the alleged abuse told Reuters on Wednesday. The prosecutor will ask a judge to order Figari and three other former leaders of Sodalitium Christianae Vitae to spend up to nine months in jail ahead of trial, said Hector Gadea.  Gadea said he received a copy of the prosecutor s so-called preventive prison request earlier on Wednesday and a hearing on the request has yet to be scheduled.  The prosecutors  office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Gadea said prosecutor Maria Leon is charging Figari and other former leaders of the Sodalitium of conspiracy to commit crimes because statute of limitations would prohibit charges for most of the alleged abuse. Figari, who denies wrongdoing, lives in Rome. He is not clergy but Sodalitium has pontifical approval. The accusations against him come ahead of a trip to Peru by Pope Francis, who has promised to hold all sex abusers in the Church accountable. Juan Armando Lengua, Figari s attorney, said on local broadcaster Canal N that the request had no legal basis and no evidence had been found to prove any abuse took place. The attorney general s office first opened a probe into Figari in 2015 following the publication of a book into the alleged abuse by Peruvian investigative journalists Pao Ugaz and Pedro Salinas. Salinas once belonged to Sodalitium, whose members include businessmen, writers and politicians from Lima s upper classes. The book described Figari as cult-like leader who raped and molested vulnerable boys and young men in the group. He also regularly committed physical and psychological abuse to exert control over his followers, the authors wrote. The probe was closed early this year and later was reopened by a new prosecutor.  Without a doubt this is redemption for the victims. This is no longer a struggle we re fighting alone,  Gadea said. Sodalitium was founded in 1971 before expanding in Latin America, Italy and the United States. ",1
12374,Lebanese army to get $120 million in U.S. aid,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The United States, which wants to prevent violence spilling over from Syria into Lebanon, will give the Lebanese army $120 million more in aid to boost border security and counter-terrorism work, the U.S. ambassador to Lebanon said on Wednesday. Lebanon will get six MD 530G light attack helicopters, six Scan Eagle drones, and communication and night vision equipment under the new programs, Ambassador Elizabeth Richard said  after she met Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri.   The United States has given the Lebanese Armed Forces more than $1.5 billion in assistance over the past ten years, the Embassy has said previously.   The United States hopes to strengthen the Lebanese army to stop the spread of violence over the border from neighboring Syria and help it become the sole military force defending the country. Lebanon s Iran-backed Hezbollah group, which Washington regards as a terrorist organization, is a powerful military force in the country and also fights in Syria for President Bashar al-Assad.  Lebanon hosts around 1.5 million Syrian refugees. ",1
12375,"Report shows 1,300 unfilled jobs, strain for German defense procurement","BERLIN (Reuters) - The German military s procurement agency has 1,300 unfilled jobs, accounting for about 20 percent of its entire workforce, a report by the Defence Ministry showed on Wednesday, putting further strains on an already troubled acquisition system. The gaps affect mainly high-level jobs in the technical and military sectors, which means the situation will remain problematic for the medium- to long-term, necessitating continued use of external consulting firms, the report said. Lack of qualified personnel affects the processing of complex weapons programs, many of which have run into delays in recent years in the wake of reforms instituted by Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen after she took office in 2013.  Use of external support services should not be understood as the beginning of a long-term solution, but as an efficient tool to bridge the time until personnel changes can fully take effect,  the report said. Von der Leyen kicked off reforms to improve the transparency and efficacy of the military acquisition system, but critics say the changes have complicated the process and resulted in delays. The ministry failed to sign contracts for two of the biggest programs, a new missile defense system and the MKS180 warship, during von der Leyen s first tenure in the job. The ministry did sign a contract for five new corvettes, but faced criticism for awarding the contract without a competition. Von der Leyen had argued that no competition was needed since the ships were follow-on orders for an existing design. Separately, a ministry spokesman said at-sea testing of the new F125 frigate built by ThyssenKrupp  and privately held Luerssen, would be delayed due to unexpected repairs. The first new F125 frigate was now expected to enter into service in early 2018 instead of December, the spokesman said. ThyssenKrupp said delays could happen with any complicated weapons program, but the ship was still expected to be delivered to the German military next year. The first of the four new F125 warships, slated to cost 650 million euros each, was initially slated to enter service in 2014. ",1
12376,EU reopens feud over quotas for hosting refugees,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Rivals from the two sides of the European Union s migration  dispute will meet in Brussels on Thursday in a goodwill gesture just as the bloc reopens a bitter feud over hosting refugees. Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni of Italy, which has at times been overwhelmed with mass arrivals of African refugees and migrants, will talk to the leaders of Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovakia in Brussels before all 28 EU leaders discuss migration over dinner. The four eastern EU states have persistently refused to accept asylum-seekers to ease the burden on Italy and Greece, the other sea gateway to Europe, even at the height of arrivals in 2015 when more than a million people reached the bloc. Since then on, Italy, Germany and other wealthy destination countries have called for an obligatory system of moving some of those arriving to other EU states when immigration spikes.  They see it as a matter of European solidarity, which also manifests itself in the generous handouts the richer west provides. But the easterners flatly reject any mandatory quotas on accepting people from the mainly-Muslim Middle East and Africa, saying that risks compromising their security after a raft of Islamist attacks in Europe since late 2015. Instead, on Thursday the four will offer Gentiloni some 35 million euros ($41 mln) for EU-backed projects Rome has been leading in Libya to prevent people from trekking north to Europe.  But internally, the EU has been unable to agree on relocation, something one senior EU diplomat likened to  fighting trench warfare  that has badly undermined member states  trust in each other.  Right before the EU leaders  summit in Brussels this Thursday and Friday, their chairman, Donald Tusk, reignited the dispute by coming out out strongly against  divisive  and  ineffective  obligatory quotas. An EU scheme agreed for two years in 2015 - despite opposition by Slovakia, Hungary, Romania and the Czech Republic - to relocate 160,000 people has only seen some 32,000 transfers from Italy and Greece.  In an unusually public row between the EU s Brussels institutions, the bloc s executive arm, which has been a strong proponent of a mandatory and automated relocation, lashed out at Tusk.     The executive European Commission s migration chief, Dimitris Avramopoulos, called Tusk s intervention  unacceptable  and  anti-European .  The disagreement between Tusk and the Commission translates into divisions between member states, casting doubt on whether they will be able to reach an agreement by their June target date. Another senior EU diplomat had only  modest expectations  of the leaders  migration discussion on Thursday evening, meaning they were not expected to take any decisions but, at best, make a small step towards unlocking a future agreement. ",1
12377,Portugal bogus sect members jailed for ritual sex abuse of boys,"LISBON (Reuters) - A Portuguese court has handed long prison sentences to six members of a bogus religious cult that sexually abused boys, including their own children, under the pretence of rituals on a farm just southeast of Lisbon. Tuesday s verdict by the Setubal district court sentenced Rui Pedro, the 36-year-old leader of the self-proclaimed Celestial Truth sect, to 23 years after finding him guilty of rape, procuring prostitution, child pornography and other crimes, a court official said on Wednesday.  His wife and four other men were sentenced to prison terms of between 7 and 19 years. Two women were acquitted. The crimes were committed between 2011 and 2015, mostly on a farm rented by the group in 2014. Prosecutors told the court that the cult was fake, and its rituals set up as a means to lure and scare the children. The eight victims, including the leader s son and the son of another of the sentenced men, had been told that the sect s  Master  had supernatural powers and could perform  acts of purification  on them, which was the term for sexual abuse. The boys, aged between 5 and 16 at the time of the crimes and mostly from the Setubal area, were kept in fear of his powers so they never disclosed what happened to anyone.  Their families had been led to believe the children played football or studied and received psychological counselling or religious guidance on the farm. Police arrested the group in 2015 after one of the members, Andre Marques, reported them to the authorities. He was still sentenced to 19 years, as the court ruled that he had only cooperated  to save his own skin , daily newspaper Publico reported. ",1
12378,"Supporters of Egypt presidential hopeful arrested, say security sources, family","CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian security forces have arrested three supporters of presidential hopeful and former prime minister Ahmed Shafik, security sources and members of his party said on Wednesday. The men were charged with spreading false information harmful to national security, two security sources familiar with the incident said, on condition of anonymity. Egypt s interior ministry could not be reached for comment after several attempts to contact it on Wednesday. Shafik announced last month his intention to run against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Egypt s upcoming presidential election early next year. No date has been set for the vote. The former premier and ex-air force commander is seen by Sisi s critics as the most serious potential challenger to the incumbent. Those arrested were all members of Shafik s Egyptian National Movement party. One of them, Hany Fouad, was arrested at his family s home on the outskirts of Cairo, his brother Wael Fouad said.  Hany is very close to (Shafik),  he said. Security forces entered the family home around 3 a.m. local time (0100 GMT) and searched the house, confiscating two mobile phones and giving no reason for the arrest, he said. Sisi has yet to announce that he will seek a second term but is widely expected to do so. Shafik made his announcement from the United Arab Emirates where he has lived in exile since 2012, when he fled Egypt after a narrow electoral defeat to former president Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood, who was removed from office in a military takeover led by Sisi in 2013. Shafik returned to Cairo ten days ago and said he was still deciding whether to run. He has not made any public appearances since. ",1
12379,Nigeria NGOs slam civil society bill as grave threat to freedoms,"ABUJA (Reuters) - A bill proposed by Nigerian lawmakers to regulate non-governmental organizations (NGOs) threatens freedoms by handing the government sweeping powers over civil society, an array of groups said on Wednesday. In a public hearing in Nigeria s capital of Abuja, representatives from several NGOs called for the bill to be killed, describing it as  extremely dangerous ,  crippling  for civil society and potentially endangering to life.  For organizations that engage in human rights advocacy, government accountability, and the promotion of democracy, interference in their operations portends grave risks to both their work and on the lives of their personnel,  said Nigerian NGO Spaces for Change in a statement. Nigeria s Policy and Legal Advocacy Centre (PLAC) warned that  there is no doubt that the first victims of the bill would be NGOs that are traditionally active in the area of ensuring accountability and transparency of government to its citizens.  The sponsor of the bill in the House of Representatives, Nigeria s lower parliamentary chamber, has alleged that some NGOs were using donated funds to support the activities of armed militants and insurgents such as Boko Haram in the country s northeast, according to Nigerian media reports.  The sponsor, Umar Jibril, has not made public any evidence supporting his allegations. The draft law, which passed a second reading in the lower house of parliament and is being publicly debated ahead of a final reading and vote, would regulate NGOs  funding, activities and foreign affiliation in the name of national security, and have control over NGOs  assets.  The bill would also create an NGO Regulatory Commission, with which civil society bodies would need to register or be in breach of the law.  The commission would have discretion over which groups can register, and all must re-register every two years. At present setting up an NGO is a simpler process, with many groups registering with the corporate affairs commission as a not-for-profit organization.  While the constitution guarantees Nigerians  assembly and association rights, the Freedom House rights watchdog says Nigeria, Africa s most populous democracy, is only partly free. In a 2017 report, Freedom House said the country had a broad and vibrant civil society but government forces continued  to commit gross human rights violations with impunity, including extrajudicial killings, arbitrary mass arrests, illegal detentions, and torture of civilians . NGO representatives at the public hearing described how, by giving the regulatory commission discretion to approve projects, lives could be at stake in emergencies, such as when funds are urgently needed for vaccines during an outbreak of disease. Others criticized as vague the bill s repeated justification of maintaining national security, saying it was open to broad interpretations that could give the government ample opportunity for misuse of state power without accountability. An Amnesty International statement said the bill  will keep Nigerians from freely sharing their opinions, holding open discussion forums or organizing people to protest.  ",1
12380,Brazil police raid homes of two lawmakers in bribery probe,"BRAS LIA (Reuters) - Brazilian police raided the offices and homes of two members of Congress on Wednesday in the country s latest corruption probe as the government makes a last-ditch effort to vote on an overhaul of the national pension system. Dubbed  Operation  pia,  the probe centers on alleged bribery of civil servants and politicians in return for rigged bids on road work totaling 850 million reais ($258 million) in the state of Tocantins in central Brazil. Federal police said in a statement they were serving 16 search warrants and delivering subpoenas to eight people in connection with the probe. Dulce Miranda and Carlos Gaguim, lawmakers from Tocantins, are implicated in the investigation, police said. Gaguim denied any wrongdoing, noting the accusations against him are baseless. Miranda s representatives said she would cooperate with the investigation. President Michel Temer has said the lower house of Congress would vote by Tuesday on his proposed pension reform, which many consider crucial to reining in Brazil s surging public debt, or the debate will have to wait until next year. ",1
12381,"Algeria's ruling caste set on orderly succession, when the time comes","ALGIERS (Reuters) - Algerians are facing the eventual departure of their long-serving president, the ailing Abdelaziz Bouteflika, in the knowledge that all is being done to ensure little changes when he goes. The 80-year-old leader, who has ruled the North African country for nearly two decades, was incapacitated by a stroke in 2013 but may decide to run again in the next presidential election due in May 2019. Should he bow out, though, many Algerians believe the person elected to replace him will be secondary. Just as now, observers say, a powerful ruling caste dominated by the army will run the show from behind the scenes. That may be good news for an aged and thinning party elite from the Front de Liberation National (FLN), allied business tycoons and generals - collectively known as  Le Pouvoir  or  The Powers That Be  - that has long managed Algeria s politics. It is a source of frustration, however, for young Algerians who have known no other leader. They worry less about who is in charge and more about jobs at a time of high unemployment, low oil prices and economic austerity.  For Samir Abdelaoui, who studies at a private English language school, leaving the country may offer the way out.  I don t care about politics, all I need is a decent job, if not here, then overseas. I want a visa, not a president,  said Abdelaoui, who is learning English to increase his chances of getting a work visa abroad. Speculation is rife abroad over what will happen to Algeria after the departure of Bouteflika, who has visited Europe several times for treatment and remained in hospital in France for months after his stroke. But inside Algeria, an apparent oasis of stability in a chaotic region, the regime s allies regard the problem as settled.   After Bouteflika the military command will organize the succession. The political class is weak here,  said Anis Rahmani, Chairman of Ennahar TV, an insider close to the authorities. One liberal Algerian analyst also expected continuity.  The institutions in Algiers are stronger than the men. The men go but the institutions stay,  the analyst said, requesting anonymity.  The institutions are functioning well, whether Bouteflika is sick, in Algiers or abroad. As long as his health allows him to he will continue beyond 2018.  Hopes for the election of a reformist, modernizing president who will bring in a competitive democracy and open society, have all but faded away. The priority, according to observers of Algeria s system, is the stability that its citizens see as incarnated in Bouteflika. The former French colony, which freed itself in a brutal independence struggle that ended in 1962, is haunted by  memories of a 1990s civil war that erupted after the state canceled elections when an Islamist party appeared set to win. That conflict killed 200,000 people, leaving many Algerians wary later of the unrest that toppled the leaders of Tunisia, Egypt and Libya in the  Arab Spring  revolts of 2011.  Algeria is a country in a very bad neighborhood and because we are in a bad neighborhood the army should remain involved. I don t think the army would want to seize power after Bouteflika but they will be part of the political process,  said another Algerian political analyst who also requested anonymity. Young Algerians, who form two thirds of the population of 41 million, nevertheless feel left out and disconnected with a remote political class. By contrast, French President Emmanuel Macron walked through the streets of Algiers on a visit last week and talked directly with excited young people - something they have not experienced with their own leader for a long time. One of the analysts described the ruling class as  totally obsolete in a country of youths .  We dream of a young class that has vitality, but the political class is not ready to give them one inch,  said the analyst Bouteflika, in power since 1999, is rarely seen and has not spoken in public since his stroke. Yet if he or his circle decides he will run for a fifth term, sources close to  Le Pouvoir  say, he would be without doubt elected. The ruling FLN and the pro-government National Rally for Democracy dominate parliament while the opposition including leftists and Islamists is weak and divided. If Bouteflika doesn t run, the tight circle of army generals and intelligence officials could produce a  joker  candidate  from outside the political class. For now, though, the possible alternatives are all members of the old elite such as Prime Minister Ahmed Ouyahia or former premier Abelmalek Sellal. Any succession scenario involving Said Bouteflika, the president s younger brother and a close aide, would be controversial as the military men don t favor hereditary rule, observers say. Foreign diplomats say they expect the generals to arrange a smooth transition. Instead they worry more about how the country, which relies on oil and gas exports, will manage the state-controlled economy in an era of low energy prices. The government spends about $30 billion a year to subsidize everything from basic foodstuffs and fuel to healthcare, housing and education. This system has helped to keep the social peace, but the government has failed to develop industries beyond the energy sector and is fiscally strapped. Algeria has done little to encourage foreign investment despite the desperate need for jobs, and even less to ease visa restrictions or build hotels to attract tourists to its beaches, mountains and desert wilderness, all a short flight from Europe. So far the uncontested success has been security. Even Western diplomats move freely without the convoys that accompany them in many other Arab capitals. Still, remnants of al Qaeda remain active and have declared allegiance to Islamic State. A twin car bombing killed 67 in Algiers in 2007 and at least 38 hostages died when jihadis seized a gas plant in 2013.  The security services have also uncovered and infiltrated sleeper cells while Algeria has closed all its border crossings with Libya, Mali, Niger, Morocco and Mauritania, turning them into military zones to prevent jihadis scattered across the Sahel region from connecting with each other. The next president should be a strongman who will guarantee security because we are in a state of war against terrorism,  said Rahmani.  There is an external threat. The borders are all on fire. The next president should have a military background, power and authority to decide.  ",1
12382,Facebook says Russian-linked accounts spent just 97 cents on ads over Brexit,"LONDON (Reuters) - Russian-based operatives placed three adverts on Facebook in the run-up to Britain s 2016 referendum on EU membership, spending just 97 cents to raise the issue of immigration, the social media platform said on Wednesday.  Some British lawmakers have called for an inquiry into whether Russia meddled in Britain s vote to leave the EU after social media platforms said Russian operatives sought to interfere in the U.S. election of Donald Trump. Russia denies meddling in Brexit or the U.S. election.  Facebook sent its findings to the Electoral Commission which is examining how digital campaigning is affecting politics in Britain, including activity funded from outside the country.     Facebook said it had examined whether any account profiles or pages linked to the Internet Research Agency (IRA) had funded ads during the Brexit vote. The IRA is a Russian organization that according to researchers employs hundreds of people to push pro-Kremlin content on social media.  We have determined that these accounts associated with the IRA spent a small amount of money ($0.97) on advertisements that delivered to UK audiences during that time,  Facebook said.   This amount resulted in three advertisements (each of which were also targeted to U.S. audiences and concerned immigration, not the EU referendum) delivering approximately 200 impressions to UK viewers over four days in May 2016.   A separate cross-party British parliamentary committee is also investigating whether any Facebook ads were bought by Russian-linked accounts around the EU referendum and the 2017 UK election.  The issue of whether Russia intervened in the 2016 U.S. presidential election is the subject of multiple investigations. Facebook said in October that Russia-based operatives published about 80,000 posts on the social network over a two-year period in an effort to sway U.S. politics and that about 126 million Americans may have seen the posts during that time. The Electoral Commission, which oversees the running of British elections, said it would say more about its findings in due course. ",1
12383,Czech PM Babis takes office but so far lacks parliamentary backing,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis, a billionaire businessman who ran on an anti-establishment ticket, took office with his cabinet on Wednesday, but it was unclear whether his tenure will survive a confidence vote next month. Babis, who built a business empire in food, farming, chemicals and media before entering politics in 2011, will have one month to gain confidence under the constitution for his minority government. He said after being formally appointed by Czech President Milos Zeman, that the confidence vote should take place on Jan. 10. Running on pledges to fight immigration and make the state more efficient, Babis s ANO party won 29.6 percent of the vote in an October national election that saw the rise of other parties preaching against the establishment. As finance minister over the past three years, Babis saw the central state budget swing to a surplus and has vowed to further cut public debt ratio to GDP, currently at a half of the European Union average. His problem is that ANO holds just 78 seats in the 200-seat lower house and does not have the firm backing of any of the other eight parties. The far-right, anti-EU SPD party and the far-left Communists have lent ANO support in initial parliamentary votes in return for committee posts, but no deal has been announced on their backing for the cabinet.  Babis will need a few parties to either support the cabinet or leave before the confidence vote to lower the threshold the government needs to pass. Babis s government includes non-partisan ministers, in line with his pledge to bring more managerial style to governance. His first tack will be representing the country at the European Union summit on Thursday and Friday, where he will push for strengthening EU borders and stopping illegal migration. If Babis loses the confidence vote, his government will stay in power until an alternative is formed. Zeman reiterated on Wednesday his willingness to give Babis a second try if the first attempt fails, and signaled this may be the way forward.  (I have) the impression that several (parties) wanted to be coaxed, but in order not to lose their dignity or prestige, they will want to be coaxed only in the second round,  Zeman said. Most parties have called for Babis himself to stay out of the government due to a police case looking at whether he illegally hid ownership of a farm and conference center a decade ago to get a 2 million euro ($2.35 million) EU subsidy meant for small businesses. Babis has denied any wrongdoing.  Some parties also criticize Babis for conflicts of interest as an owner of two national newspapers and a businessman whose firms have numerous contracts with the state and benefit from public aid. He placed his firms into a trust fund earlier this year, overseen by his close collaborators and his wife. Daily Hospodarske Noviny reported on Wednesday that the outgoing ruling party, the leftist Social Democrats, could support a Babis-led government in a second round of talks, if his first cabinet fails. It cited unnamed sources within that party. The other member of the outgoing coalition, the Christian Democrats, have also said they could negotiate with ANO. ",1
12384,EU leaders likely to give go-ahead to new phase of Brexit talks,"PARIS (Reuters) - The leaders of the European Union s remaining 27 member states are very likely to approve this week the deal struck by their chief negotiator with Britain and move to a second phase of exit talks, a French presidency source said on Wednesday. EU leaders are almost certain to judge on Friday that  sufficient progress  has been made on the rights of citizens, the Brexit divorce bill and the Irish border to allow negotiations to move to the next phase. The EU executive recommended last week that leaders approve the start of trade talks. ",1
12385,Zimbabweans wait to see whether Mnangagwa's VPs will add new blood,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe takes its next step into the post-Mugabe era soon, when its new president, Emmerson Mnangagwa, names two vice presidents - appointments that will signal whether he is breaking with the country s old guard. Mnangagwa, whose sacking as vice-president triggered the removal of Robert Mugabe, made no comments to the media on Wednesday before the first meeting of the ruling ZANU-PF party s bosses. Party spokesman Simon Khaya-Moyo has said he will choose his deputies either this week or later. Khaya-Moyo told reporters after the meeting that Mnangagwa assured senior party officials they would serve their full terms, comments that allayed concerns of a purge of the G40 faction loyal to Mugabe and his wife, Grace. Vice President Phelekezela Mphoko, who was considered an ally of the G40, has already been sacked from the party and his post, and some Mnangagwa supporters have called for unspecified action against G40. But the president has urged citizens not to undertake any form of  vengeful retribution . Party and government officials have refused to comment on speculation in privately owned newspapers and on social media that Mnangagwa is likely to make military chief General Constantine Chiwenga one of his deputies, as a reward for spearheading the de facto coup that ended Mugabe s rule. The new president has been criticized by some Zimbabweans and opposition parties for appointing Air Marshall Perrance Shiri as lands, agriculture and rural resettlement minister and Major-General Sibusiso Moyo as foreign and international trade minister, rather than bringing in younger candidates less associated with the Mugabe era. Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa, who is the party s legal affairs secretary, presented a report on the economy at Wednesday s meeting, where he reiterated that the  new dispensation  in the country had brought hope and confidence in the economy, Khaya-Moyo said. Chinamasa promised in a budget speech last week to re-engage with international lenders, curb spending and attract investors to revive the economy.  Mnangagwa is under pressure to reverse the economic decline before elections next year and has vowed to focus on rejuvenating the struggling economy and creating jobs. Once seen among Africa s most promising economies, Zimbabwe now has an unemployment rate exceeding 80 percent. ",1
12386,Fatal crash closes Swiss Gotthard road tunnel for hours,"ZURICH (Reuters) - The Gotthard road tunnel under the Alps in Switzerland was closed for hours on Wednesday after a truck and a passenger car collided, killing two people and damaging the key transit route, police said. Police in the canton of Uri said four people were also hurt in the head-on crash in the 10-mile (16.9-km) tunnel, a main north-south route for Europe.  It said the driver of a car with German number plates crossed the center line for unknown reasons and collided with the truck around 09:15 local time (0815 GMT).  The tunnel reopened around 1430 GMT, police said. In October 2001, a head-on collision in the tunnel between two trucks caused a massive fire, killing eleven and injuring many others. ",1
12387,"Presidential hopeful wants Finland out of EU, says nationalists will bounce back","HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finland will leave the European Union and position itself as the Switzerland of the north to protect its independence if Laura Huhtasaari, the presidential candidate of the eurosceptic Finns Party has her way. She also told Reuters in an interview she wants to tighten immigration rules. Huhtasaari   dubbed  Finland s Marine Le Pen  after France s National Front leader   is a long-shot. But she believes she has a real chance in the January election as her party has taken a fresh start following its removal from the coalition government in June.  The rise in Europe of parties that are critical towards the EU and immigration is due to bad, unjust politics,  she said.     The role for Finland in the euro zone is the role of a loser and payer...  I do not want Finland to become a province of EU, Finns must stand up for Finland s interests.  The Finns Party, formerly called  True Finns , rose from obscurity during the euro zone debt crisis with an anti-EU platform, complicating the bloc s bailout talks with troubled states. It expanded into the second-biggest parliamentary party in 2015 and joined the government, but then saw its support drop due to compromises in the three-party coalition. This June, the party picked a new hard-line leadership and got kicked out of the government, while more than half of its lawmakers left the party and formed a new group to keep their government seats. Huhtasaari, 38, who was picked as deputy party leader in June, said voters were still confused after the split-up but that the party would eventually bounce back.  The game is really brutal. The biggest parties want us to disappear from the political map. No-one is in politics looking for friends.  The Finns party ranks fifth in polls with a support of 9 percent, down from 17.7 percent in 2015 parliamentary election, while the new  Blue Reform  group, which has five ministers, is backed by only 1-2 percent. Incumbent President Sauli Niinisto, who originally represented the centre-right NCP party, is widely expected to be elected for a second six-year term by a wide margin. A poll by Alma Media last week showed 64 percent of voters supporting Niinisto while 12 percent backed lawmaker Pekka Haavisto from the Greens. Huhtasaari, a first term lawmaker, was backed by 3 percent of those polled.  Things happen slowly when you re fighting against the hegemony... I still have time before the elections,  she said. Huhtasaari, who supports U.S. President Donald Trump and Britain s former UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage, said the European eurosceptic movement was gradually strengthening despite a series of blows to anti-establishment parties. France s National Front and Italy s 5-Star Movement failed in attempts to win legislative and civic elections while UKIP won no seats in the British parliament, albeit that its goal of Brexit won a referendum.  Any change takes time, a step forward and step back... But the movement strengthens all the time,  she said, noting Austria s Freedom Party s strong performance in October elections. Markku Jokisipila, the director at the Center for Parliamentary Studies of the University of Turku, said Huhtasaari was unlikely to succeed in the Jan 28 election. Around 70 percent of Finns support EU membership and the centre-right government is committed to the euro.  There s no way around it, she is very inexperienced politically for this election,  Jokisipila said. He added that the Finns party had become more united after the June split-up, but that it was now too focused on its anti-immigration and anti-EU platforms to be able to increase support.  They will not disappear from the Finnish politics. The challenge is to broaden their profile... but they have also proved that they do have surprise potential.  ",1
12388,Jewish groups in Germany urge crackdown on anti-Semitic acts,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Jewish groups in Germany are pressing the authorities to crack down on anti-Semitic acts following the burning of Jewish symbols and Israeli flags at protests. The American Jewish Committee Berlin, the JSUD group of Jewish university students, the Central Council of Jews in Germany, and the German-Israeli Society have called for tougher law enforcement and for new laws to make it easier to ban or disband anti-Semitic demonstrations. Chancellor Angela Merkel and other top German officials have  condemned anti-Semitic acts seen at demonstrations against U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, and vowed to prosecute illegal acts. The American Jewish Committee Berlin said a new study by an Indiana University professor showed broader efforts were also needed to fight anti-Semitic attitudes among Muslim migrants from Syria and Iraq. German has opened its borders to more than 1 million migrants mainly fleeing Middle East wars since 2015, sparking concerns about a further bump in already increasing anti-Semitism.  Politicians must guarantee that anti-Semitic attitudes will not be tolerated and that infractions to laws and regulations will be prosecuted,  said the group s director, Deidre Berger. She reiterated a longstanding call for the German government to appoint an anti-Semitism commissioner to focus attention on the issue. German Justice Minister Heiko Maas and Berlin Mayor Michael Mueller vowed during a menorah lighting at the Brandenburg Gate on Tuesday to combat all forms of anti-Semitism, while demonstrators continued to voice anger at the U.S. move at a separate event near Berlin s main train station. The Central Council of Muslims in Germany has also condemned anti-Semitic actions. Indiana University s Guenther Jikeli, the author of the study, said group interviews of 68 migrants aged 18 to 52 conducted last year revealed widespread anti-Semitic attitudes. They showed rejection of the state of Israel and ignorance about the murder of 6 million Jews in Europe by the Nazis during World War Two, he said.  There are strong anti-Semitic views among refugees that need to be addressed because otherwise they could become the norm,  he told Reuters TV. Kurds and other refugees persecuted as minorities in their home countries had more nuanced views and more clearly rejected anti-Semitism and anti-Israeli perspectives, he said. Fabian Weissbarth, spokesman for AJC, said the study should spur efforts to tackle anti-Semitism among migrants to ensure the findings were not misused by anti-immigrant far-right groups like the Alternative for Germany (AfD) party.  If we don t address it as a society, then the AfD will, and that will lead to hate and incitement,  he said.  We need a differentiated view that recognizes that not all refugees are the same, and we need to look at solutions, such as integration measures, what needs to be included in integration courses, and changes in how social workers and politicians react.  ",1
12389,"In another blow to Zuma, South African top court orders influence-peddling inquiry","PRETORIA (Reuters) - South Africa s High Court ruled on Wednesday that President Jacob Zuma must set up a judicial inquiry into state influence-peddling within 30 days, the latest in a series of judicial blows to his scandal-tinged administration. Upholding a recommendation by South Africa s corruption-fighting Public Protector, High Court Judge President Dunstan Mlambo said an application by Zuma challenging the inquiry was  ill-advised and reckless  and an abuse of the judicial process. The ruling comes days after the same court dealt a stinging rebuke to Zuma by ruling that his appointment of a state prosecutor to decide whether to reinstate corruption charges against him was not valid and should be set aside immediately. Zuma had challenged the right of the Public Protector to call for a judicial inquiry and the appointment by the chief justice of a judge to head it, saying it was the president s prerogative whether to set up such an inquiry. It was not immediately clear if Zuma would appeal against  Wednesday s ruling and his spokesman was not immediately available to comment. The 75-year-old president has faced and denied numerous corruption allegations since taking office in 2009 and has survived several votes of no-confidence in parliament.  In October, the Supreme Court of Appeal upheld an earlier High Court decision reinstating nearly 800 corruption charges relating to an arms deal that were filed against Zuma but shelved before he ran for president in 2009. The revival of the charges could increase pressure on Zuma to step down before his term ends in 2019. Several judicial setbacks have undermined Zuma s authority and some analysts say it could diminish his influence over who succeeds him when the ruling African National Congress (ANC) chooses a new leader this month. Political instability, including questions over who will replace Zuma has been cited by credit rating agencies as a major factor behind their decision to cut South Africa to  junk . Africa s most industrialized economy has grown lethargically over the last six years and the jobless rate stands near record levels. Analysts say the political crisis is making it hard to reform the economy, improve social services and fight crime. The influence-peddling inquiry was recommended in a report released a year ago by the Public Protector, whose job is to uphold standards in public life.  Zuma also sought to block the release of the report, entitled  State of Capture , which focused on allegations that Zuma s friends, the businessmen and brothers Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta, had influenced the appointment of ministers. Zuma and the Guptas have denied all accusations of wrongdoing. Ordering Zuma to pay the costs of the latest court challenge, Judge President Mlambo said the South African leader s conduct was  clearly objectionable ... and amounts to clear abuse of the judicial process . A judicial commission was best suited to investigate the allegations against Zuma, Mlambo said, adding:  The allegations ... detailed in the report are extremely serious.   The court ordered that once the inquiry is set up, it should complete its task and present its report to Zuma within 180 days. The president would then have to inform parliament within 14 days of what action he planned to take based on the inquiry s findings, the court said.  In a statement, the ANC   some of whose lawmakers are critical of Zuma   said a judicial inquiry was crucial in verifying the allegations in the watchdog s report.   We therefore trust President Jacob Zuma will implement this judgment without delay in the interest of our country,  it said.   Opposition leader Mmusi Maimane, who was at the court, welcomed the ruling.  The judgment lays out a timeline ... we hope to get to the bottom of this,  Maimane said, adding that his party would oppose any appeal in the case should Zuma launch one.    Thuli Madonsela, the report s author, who was also at the court, said:  An allegation that the state has been captured in the interests of the president and his friends is an allegation that needs to be investigated immediately.  Her 355-page report stopped short of asserting that crimes had been committed, saying the watchdog lacked the resources to reach such conclusions and that they should be investigated by a judicial inquiry. Zuma has said he will appeal against the High Court s ruling on Friday that his appointment of a state prosecutor was not valid and that Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa should instead appoint a new public prosecutor within 60 days. Ramaphosa, the main rival for the ANC leadership to former African Union chairwoman Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, who is Zuma s favored candidate and ex-wife, has recently stepped up criticism of Zuma s scandal-plagued government.  ",1
12390,Nigerian court drops most asset declaration charges against Senate president," (This version of the December 12th story corrects headline and paragraph one to remove references to corruption) By Camillus Eboh ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria s court of appeal on Tuesday dismissed 15 charges against the Senate president related to alleged false declarations of assets, but it upheld three other charges against him. Bukola Saraki s three-year tenure as president of the upper house has been marred by numerous accusations of misconduct and investigations, though none have led to convictions. The original charges are related to allegations that Saraki falsely declared his assets when he was a state governor from 2003 to 2011, to which he pleaded not guilty. A Code of Conduct Tribunal cleared the Senate president of the charges in June, saying the case against him lacked substance. The government mounted a legal challenge which led to Tuesday s ruling by the court of appeal that Saraki should be retried by the tribunal on three of the 18 charges against him.  The three counts relate to Saraki s acquisition of two houses in Ikoyi, an upmarket district in the southern commercial metropolis of Lagos.   The appeal is dismissed in part in respects of the other 15 counts , said the judge, Tinuade Akomolafe-Wilson, at the appeal court in the capital Abuja. The Senate president s camp has previously denied any wrongdoing and on Tuesday issued a statement in which it said Saraki had been  victorious  due to the 15 charges being dropped. The full details of the judgement on the final three charges against Saraki have not been released and will be addressed by his lawyers once they have been, the Senate president said in a statement. Saraki ran unopposed for the post of Senate president, mainly with the backing of the opposition. He was not the ruling party s preferred candidate, which led to strains in his relationship with President Muhammadu Buhari. The Senate president has been dogged by legal cases since taking office.  In October 2016 Saraki was cleared of altering Senate rules to get himself elected, and in March this year lawmakers cleared him of any wrongdoing over allegations that he attempted to evade payment of customs duties on a car. ",1
12391,Turkey's Erdogan says U.S. can no longer be a mediator between Israel and Palestinians,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan said on Wednesday that the United States could no longer be a mediator in efforts to end  Israeli-Palestinian conflict after its decision to recognize Israel as the capital of Israel.   From now on, it is out of the question for a biased United States to be a mediator between Israel and Palestine, that period is over,  Erdogan told a news conference after a meeting of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation in Istanbul.  We need to discuss who will be a mediator from now on. This needs to be tackled in the UN too,  Erdogan said. ",1
12392,Tillerson says U.S. ready to talk to North Korea; Japan wants pressure,"WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions, backing away from a key U.S. demand that Pyongyang must first accept that giving up its nuclear arsenal would be part of any negotiations. Tillerson s new diplomatic overture comes nearly two weeks after North Korea said it had successfully tested a breakthrough intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that put the entire United States mainland within range of its nuclear weapons.  Let s just meet,  Tillerson said in a speech to Washington s Atlantic Council think tank on Tuesday.   The White House later issued an ambiguous statement that left unclear whether President Donald Trump - who has said Tillerson was wasting his time pursuing dialogue with North Korea - had given his approval for the speech.  The president s views on North Korea have not changed,  the White House said.  North Korea is acting in an unsafe way ... North Korea s actions are not good for anyone and certainly not good for North Korea.  In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China welcomed all efforts to ease tension and promote dialogue to resolve the problem.  China hopes the United States and North Korea can meet each other halfway and take meaningful steps on dialogue and contact, he told reporters. Ahead of Tillerson s speech, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un vowed to develop more nuclear weapons while personally decorating scientists and officials who contributed to the development of Pyongyang s most advanced ICBM, state media said on Wednesday. Kim said on Tuesday the scientists and workers would continue manufacturing  more latest weapons and equipment  to  bolster up the nuclear force in quality and quantity , the KCNA news agency said. While reiterating Washington s long-standing position that it cannot tolerate a nuclear-armed North Korea, Tillerson said the United States was  ready to talk any time they re ready to talk , but there would first have to be a  period of quiet  without nuclear and missile tests. United Nations political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman, who visited Pyongyang last week, said senior North Korean officials did not offer any type of commitment to talks, but he believed he left  the door ajar .  Time will tell what was the impact of our discussions, but I think we have left the door ajar and I fervently hope that the door to a negotiated solution will now be opened wide,  Feltman told reporters after briefing the U.N. Security Council on Tuesday. Not everyone is ready for talks.  Japan has advocated a strategy of pressuring North Korea through sanctions to give up its nuclear weapons. Tokyo and Washington are in  100 percent  agreement on that stance, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said on Wednesday, when asked about Tillerson s comments. A former Japanese diplomat said that, while a diplomatic solution was the  only acceptable solution , now was not the time for talks.  We have to see the effects of sanctions on life in North Korea,  the former diplomat, who asked not to be identified, told Reuters.  I heard that they are having a serious impact on everyday life. Let s wait and see. If we were to hint anything for dialogue, we d be losing clout.  South Korea continued military exercises with the United States to check military readiness, exercises the North describes as preparation for war. The South s army said separately on Wednesday it conducted a successful air-to-air missile firing drill from Apache helicopters. Tillerson also disclosed the United States had been talking to China about how to secure North Korea s nuclear weapons in the event of a collapse of the government in Pyongyang. He said Beijing had been given assurances that if U.S. forces had to cross into North Korea they would pull back across the border into the South. Chinese spokesman Lu would not directly answer a question about those comments, but said China had always clearly told all its interlocutors on the issue that  There can be neither war nor chaos  on the Korean peninsula. Tillerson made clear that the United States wants to resolve the North Korea standoff through peaceful diplomacy and, in terms far more tempered than Trump s recent threats against Pyongyang, offered to hold exploratory talks.  We can talk about the weather if you want,  he said.  We can talk about whether it s going to be a square table or a round table. Then we can begin to lay out a map, a road map, of what we might be willing to work towards.      Tillerson - whose influence has appeared to wane within the administration - said Trump  has encouraged our diplomatic efforts . Trump said on Twitter in October that Tillerson was  wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man , using his derisive nickname for Kim. North Korea, for its part, has made clear it has little interest in negotiations with the United States until it has developed the ability to hit the U.S. mainland with a nuclear-tipped missile, something most experts say it has still not proved. Tillerson also said the United States was working to tighten enforcement of international sanctions against North Korea, especially further measures that China can apply, and that Washington had a full menu of military options if such a response was needed. Daryl Kimball, executive director of the non-partisan Arms Control Association, said Tillerson s proposal was overdue but added,  In order to get to such talks going, the U.S. side as well as North Korea must demonstrate more restraint . For multimedia cover on North Korea: www.reuters.com/north-korea/ ",1
12393,Russia and China discuss coordination on North Korea,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday that Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov had held talks with China s ambassador to Russia Li Hui about Moscow and Beijing coordinating action on North Korea at the U.N. Security Council. The officials exchanged views on  joint steps,  the ministry said in a statement. ",1
12394,OIC draft declaration says Trump's Jerusalem move marks U.S. withdrawal from peace process,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A draft declaration prepared for a summit of Muslim leaders on Wednesday said they considered Washington s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel as a sign of U.S. withdrawal from its role as a sponsor of Middle East peace.  The draft statement said leaders, ministers and officials from  more than 50 Muslim countries  declare East Jerusalem as the capital of the State of Palestine, and invite all countries to recognize the State of Palestine and East Jerusalem as its occupied capital.  A copy of the draft declaration, tweeted by Turkey s Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu, said the meeting rejected and condemned the U.S. move  in the strongest terms . It described the U.S. decision as  a deliberate undermining of all peace efforts, an impetus (for) extremism and terrorism, and a threat to international peace and security . Wednesday s summit was hosted by Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan who has bitterly criticized the United States, a NATO ally, for its stance on Jerusalem. The city, revered by Jews, Christians and Muslims alike, is home to Islam s third holiest site and has been at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in 1967 and later annexed it in an action not recognized internationally. ",1
12395,Abbas: Palestinians will go to Security Council over full U.N. membership,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Wednesday the Palestinians will  go to the United Nations Security Council  over full U.N. membership after the U.S. decided to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Abbas, who spoke at an extraordinary meeting of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation in Istanbul, did not elaborate on how the Palestinians intended to become a full member state. ",1
12396,"As resistance builds, Macron shifts focus away from euro reform","PARIS/BERLIN (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron, concerned that a divisive discussion over euro zone reform might undermine his broader European agenda, has begun prioritizing other areas of EU cooperation, French officials say. Macron hinted at the shift at an EU summit in October when he described his plan to create a budget for the 19-nation currency bloc as a long-term project whose logic would become clear once Europe moved towards closer integration in other areas, such as defense, migration, energy and digital. Since then, French officials have told Reuters the Elysee does not want to get bogged down in a technical debate over euro zone reform at a time when the EU can deliver on other fronts that may resonate more with the public.  The euro zone is just one piece of the puzzle and I don t necessarily think it s the best one to start with,  one senior official said.  It is not our goal to have a technocratic discussion about the budget and how it would work.  During his election campaign, 39-year-old Macron talked intently about euro zone reform, seeing it as critical to strengthening the European project after years of tumult and ensuring another sovereign debt crisis didn t occur. After barely two decades of the euro, he wanted to make sure the single currency project had the strength and flexibility to last the long-run, while remaining responsive to the 350 million EU citizens who depend on it daily. French officials stress that Macron has not discarded his ideas for the euro zone. But the decision to shift them down the priority list is a recognition of the political realities in Europe. It also underscores an irony: for years German Chancellor Angela Merkel waited for an ambitious partner in France. Now she has one, but is less able to deliver herself. Germany, with which Macron had hoped to agree deep changes to euro area governance in the first half of 2018, faces months of political limbo as Merkel tries to cobble together a coalition. Early signals from Germany and other EU members have underscored how difficult it will be for Macron to deliver on his euro zone ambitions, which call for the budget, a finance minister and a separate parliament for the currency bloc. It did not go unnoticed in Paris that the new Dutch government, in its October coalition agreement, voiced opposition to any euro zone fiscal mechanism to cushion economic shocks. Earlier this month, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte spoke of his opposition to more European integration and other ideas  coming from France . A new right-wing government in Austria could adopt a similar stance to the Dutch.  Focusing on the technical details of European reform is the wrong approach,  said Sylvie Goulard, a former member of the European Parliament who served briefly as Macron s defense minister.  You really need to focus on the bigger picture - the challenge from (U.S President Donald) Trump and from China,  she said, echoing the view from people in Macron s entourage. On Friday, leaders of the 19 nations that use the euro meet in Brussels to discuss how to strengthen their currency union. The meeting is unlikely to produce anything concrete, due to political uncertainty in Berlin, and the EU goal of agreeing concrete proposals by June now looks ambitious. The prospect of another German  grand coalition  that includes the Macron-friendly Social Democrats (SPD) has alleviated some of concerns in Paris. SPD leader Martin Schulz made clear in a speech last week that he would put Europe at the top of his party s agenda in looming negotiations with Merkel, calling for a  United States of Europe  by 2025. But whether the weakened Schulz, who barely talked about Europe during the election campaign, can push Merkel towards Macron on the issue of euro zone reform is questionable.  I am very skeptical. I don t share the big hopes for the Merkel and Macron couple,  Henrik Enderlein, who heads the Berlin office of the Delors Institute, said last week at an event at the Hertie School of Governance in Berlin. The more cautious stance in Paris also reflects doubts about Merkel s own commitment to the changes Macron is seeking. During her coalition talks with the Free Democrats and Greens, which collapsed last month, Merkel was not an enthusiastic advocate for Macron s ideas, according to several participants from the Greens party. One central difference between Berlin and Paris has become obvious in recent months. While Macron has pushed for a multi-speed Europe in which France and Germany lead the way, there is a cross-party consensus in Berlin that any reform push should include a broad swathe of EU members. That s a position that is also backed by the European Commission. The contrast was apparent during French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire s visit to Berlin last month, where he sparred with the Greens on the inclusiveness issue, participants said. Officials in Berlin have been impressed by Macron s domestic reform push and there is a broad consensus in Merkel s party that the next German government must find ways to work with the French president. On Monday, she vowed to work with France on a joint corporate tax policy, digital initiatives and the harmonization of arms export policies. But there was no mention of his euro zone ideas.  There is still the old instinct to do as little as possible on the euro area,  said Jeromin Zettelmeyer, a former official in the German economy ministry who developed euro zone reform ideas with Macron s team when he was French economy minister.  But the old instinct to do as little as possible to accommodate France, that is gone. There is a sense that something constructive must be done.  ",1
12397,Greek top court clears way for U.S. extradition of Russian cybercrime suspect,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece s top court cleared the way on Wednesday for the extradition to the United States of a Russian man, also wanted in Moscow, suspected of having laundered billions of dollars in the digital currency bitcoin. A final decision on where Alexander Vinnik is extradited to now lies with the Greek justice minister, who steps in to resolve competing requests. Vinnik, the alleged mastermind of a $4 billion bitcoin laundering ring, is one of seven Russians arrested or indicted worldwide this year on U.S. cybercrime charges. U.S. authorities accuse him of running BTC-e   a digital currency exchange used to trade bitcoin   to facilitate crimes ranging from computer hacking to drug trafficking since 2011. He denies the charges against him and says he was a technical consultant to BTC-e and not its operator. Since Vinnik s arrest in a village in northern Greece in July, Moscow has also requested he be returned home, as it has done before with other nationals wanted by the United States. Vinnik has agreed to be returned to Russia, where he is wanted on lesser fraud charges amounting to 10,000 euros, but he appealed to the Greek Supreme Court against a ruling that he be extradited to the United States. The Supreme Court rejected his appeal on Wednesday. Bitcoin was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and anonymous, making it difficult to subject them to conventional financial regulations. The price of bitcoin has soared this year and hit another all-time high on Tuesday, two days after the launch of the first bitcoin futures contract on a U.S. exchange. ",1
12398,New Czech government to seek confidence vote on January 10: PM,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The Czech government will seek a vote of confidence on Jan. 10, Prime Minister Andrej Babis said on Wednesday after his cabinet was sworn in. Babis s ANO party finished first in a national election in October but has failed to attract other parties to join a coalition and has formed a minority cabinet instead. It has yet to secure a parliamentary majority for the confidence vote.  ",1
12399,At least 39 Yemenis dead in Saudi-led raid on police camp in Sanaa: official,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi-led coalition aircraft struck a military police camp in the Houthi-controlled Yemeni capital Sanaa on Wednesday, killing at least 39 people and wounding 90 more, including some prisoners, an official and witnesses said. The strike is part of an air campaign by the Western-backed coalition on the Iran-allied Houthis that has escalated since the Houthis crushed an uprising last week led by former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh and killed him. One official in the camp said the coalition aircraft had launched seven raids on the camp, located in the eastern part of Sanaa, where some 180 prisoners were being held. The official said rescue teams had pulled out 35 bodies from the rubble, while the rest were not accounted for. It was the latest in a string of air raids the coalition has conducted on Sanaa and other parts of the country, sometimes causing multiple casualties among civilians. A spokesman for the Saudi-led coalition could not immediately be reached for comment on the report. The coalition denies that it targets civilians. The United States and Britain provide political backing as well as weapons and logistical support for the Saudi-led coalition, which has been fighting since 2015 to restore Yemen s internationally-recognised president, Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, to power. ",1
12400,Russia says U.S. 'muscle flexing' in South Korea fraught with grave consequences,"MOSCOW (Reuters) -  Muscle flexing  by U.S. armed forces in South Korea is fraught with grave consequences for the entire region, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Wednesday. Moscow called on the United States and North Korea to get down to talks to find a political solution to problems on the Korean Peninsula, Zakharova told a weekly news briefing. ",1
12401,EU parliament backs starting next phase of Brexit talks,"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - The European Parliament urged EU leaders on Wednesday to allow the next phase of Brexit negotiations to start, backing a motion that recognised the talks had advanced sufficiently as a well a line criticising Britain s lead negotiator David Davis. European Union leaders are almost certain to judge on Friday that  sufficient progress  has been made on the rights of citizens, the Brexit divorce bill and the Irish border to allow negotiations to move to the next phase. The EU executive recommended last week that leaders approve the start of trade talks. The European Parliament will have to approve any Brexit deal, although its motion on Wednesday, backed by 556 votes for to 62 against, was not binding.  The EU s Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier told lawmakers the next phase of talks would focus on a  short and defined  transition period and initial discussions on a future relationship. Future talks, he said, would be no less difficult.  They are tough, very tough because the issues are extremely complicated and because the consequences of Brexit are very serious,  he said, adding that British Prime Minister Theresa May was  courageous  and deserved respect. Nigel Farage of the anti-EU UKIP party called her  Theresa the appeaser  and said she had yielded on virtually everything. Barnier stressed that Britain could not renege on commitments made to ensure the talks moved on.  The agreement presented in a joint report last Friday was, in the view of some in Brussels, undermined by Davis s comment that it was more  a statement of intent  than legally binding. Davis has subsequently said he wants the accord swiftly translated into a legal text.   We will not accept any going back on this joint report. This progress has been agreed and will be rapidly translated into a withdrawal accord that is legally binding in all three areas and on some others that remain to be negotiated,  Barnier said. A lot more steps were required to secure an orderly withdrawal, he added.  We are not at the end of the road, neither regarding citizens  rights nor for the other subjects of the orderly withdrawal. We remain vigilant,  Barnier told the parliament. ",1
12402,"Pakistan orders George Soros foundation, other aid groups to close","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan has told at least 10 foreign-funded aid groups to close, an umbrella agency said on Wednesday, including a charity founded by hedge fund billionaire and philanthropist George Soros, the group said. Pakistan has toughened its stance towards domestic and international non-governmental groups in recent years, accusing some of using their work as a cover for espionage. In January, it ordered about a dozen groups working on women s issues and human rights to halt their operations. A representative of the Pakistan Humanitarian Forum (PHF), which represents 63 international aid groups, said the Ministry of Interior had issued 10 of its members  letters of rejection ,  meaning their applications to register had been rejected. The forum did not identify the 10 groups but two international groups, the Pakistani branch of the Soros  charity the Open Society Foundations, and ActionAid, said they had been told they had to close.  We obviously find what has happened both disappointing and surprising, and are urgently seeking clarification,  the executive director of the Open Society s Pakistani office, Saba Khattak, said in a statement. The group had spent $37 million on grants and relief assistance in Pakistan since 2005, she said. The interior ministry did not respond to requests for comment. However, the ministry, in a letter to one of the 10 groups and seen by Reuters, said its registration application had been denied.  Wind up operations/activities of above said INGO within 60 days,  the ministry said in the letter.  It did give a reason why the group had to stop its work. The ministry lists 139 international non-governmental organizations (INGO) on its website that have submitted registration applications, of which 72 are still being processed.  There is no list of those whose applications have been denied.  During the lengthy INGO registration process we provided all the information and documents required and are confident we comply with all necessary rules and regulations,  ActionAid country director Iftikhar Nizami said in a statement.    This year, medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres was ordered to stop work at three facilities in violence-plagued  ethnic Pashtun areas bordering Afghanistan, although the interior ministry lists the group as an approved INGO.       The Save the Children aid group fell afoul of the government in 2011, when it was linked to a Pakistani doctor recruited by the CIA to help in the hunt that led to the killing of al Qaeda militant leader Osama bin Laden in the town of Abbottabad. Save the Children s foreign staff were expelled from Pakistan soon after the accusations surfaced, but more than 1,000 local staff continued to operate.  The charity denied any links with the doctor or the CIA.  ",1
12403,Swedish 'laser man' killer stands trial for murder in Germany,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - One of Sweden s most notorious criminals appeared in a court in Germany on Wednesday, charged with a murder he is accused of having committed in Frankfurt more than 25 years ago. The man, John Ausonius, went on a racially motivated spree in Sweden in 1991 and 1992 in which he killed one person and injured 10 others in attacks in the Stockholm area, for which he is currently serving a life sentence in Sweden. Dubbed the  laser man  by Swedish media for his use of a laser sight and rifle for some of the shootings, he is thought to have inspired anti-immigrant attacks such as the 2011 massacre by Norwegian Anders Breivik and shootings by Peter Mangs in Sweden. Ausonius, now 64, is suspected of having shot dead a woman in broad daylight in Frankfurt in 1992 while on the run from the authorities after the shootings in Sweden. He had accused the 68-year-old woman of stealing an electronic notebook from his coat pocket in the cloakroom of the Frankfurt hotel in which she worked, a spokeswoman for the Frankfurt prosecutor s office said on Wednesday.  The prosecution believes that the defendant thought the woman had his electronic notebook in her handbag,  she told Reuters TV outside the courthouse. Ausonius has denied killing the woman but has not objected to being transferred to Germany for the trial on condition he serves any possible jail sentence in Sweden. After the murder trial ends, he is to be returned to Sweden where a court sentenced him to life in 1995 for the Stockholm shootings as well as a string of bank robberies. ",1
12404,Poland's new prime minister: a gamble that could backfire,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s new prime minister faces a difficult balancing act trying to repair bruised relations with the European Union without alienating the eurosceptic government s core voters. A Western-educated former banker who is fluent in German and English and was sworn in on Monday, Mateusz Morawiecki boasts the credentials needed to negotiate with Brussels. But any compromises to improve relations with Brussels, which sees the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party as a threat to democracy, would risk upsetting the traditional, Catholic supporters who propelled it into power two years ago. It is a gamble that could backfire, and it is not yet clear how far Morawiecki, 49, and his party, dominated by former Prime Minister Jaroslaw Kaczynski, are ready to go to please Brussels.   The idea to build up international credibility seems rational,  said Jaroslaw Flis, a sociologist at the Jagiellonian University.  But such actions would have to be in complete contrast with what Mateusz Morawiecki would have to do domestically to prevent the PiS from falling apart.  The PiS government has alienated many people at home and abroad with its nationalist rhetoric and changes to state institutions which the EU says subvert the bloc s laws. The European Commission, the EU executive, opened an inquiry into the rule of law in Poland in January 2016 and the European Parliament has started a process that could deprive Poland of its voting rights in the 28-nation bloc. Any hope in Brussels that Morawiecki s appointment signals a change of course by PiS will have been tempered by Polish parliament approving legal changes to the judiciary in defiance of the EU on Friday - the day after his nomination. The changes give parliament, where PiS has a majority, de facto control over the selection of judges. EU leaders looking for clues about Morawiecki s plans will also have taken little comfort from comments he has made since being nominated, making clear he backs a tough line on the EU and believes in PiS s traditional vision of the Polish state.   We want to transform Europe, this is my dream, to re-christianise it,  Morawiecki told the Catholic Radio Maryja broadcaster.  We want Poland to be strong, but also to contain ... Christian values. We will defend them against the background of laicisation and a deepening consumerism.  Asked by the radio interviewer about demands by French President Emmanuel Macron for Poland to face sanctions over a subversion of democratic rules, Morawiecki said he would not  bow down to blackmail.  In comments to parliament on Tuesday, Morawiecki suggested Poland might relent in a conflict with Brussels over logging in an ancient forest, which an EU court has said contravenes EU laws. But he said Poland s national interests came first in any debate over the future of the EU and that he  wholeheartedly  supported PiS s overhaul of the judiciary. Like Beata Szydlo, whom he replaced as prime minister, Morawiecki is likely to have to defer to PiS leader and co-founder Jaroslaw Kaczynski. Prime minister from July 2006 to November 2007, Kaczynski is widely seen as the power behind the party and Poland s main decision-maker. How much scope that will leave Morawiecki to carve out his own path remains to be seen. Former Polish President Lech Walesa, a PiS critic, has suggested that nothing of substance will change.  The circus has stayed the same, only the clowns have changed their roles,  Walesa, who led the Solidarity trade union movement that ended communist rule, said on Twitter.  The appointment of Morawiecki, whose father founded and led a radical offshoot of Solidarity in the 1980s, appears designed in part to present a new face of Poland to the EU. Szydlo, 54, at times responded angrily to EU criticism and relations with the bloc soured under her government. Underlining PiS opposition to Muslim immigration, she said last month Poland wanted to be sure Christian traditions were not subject to  ideological censorship  in the EU. Along with Hungary, Poland has refused to take in any of its quota of the wave of refugees from Syria and elsewhere who have come to Europe since 2015, on the grounds that Muslim immigrants are a threat to national security and stability.         Such comments appeal to core PiS voters, and Szydlo s government, which promised generous welfare payouts and a dedication to traditional Catholic values, was one of Poland s most popular since communist rule ended in 1989. A relative newcomer to politics, Morawiecki lacks Szydlo s broad appeal. But he has overseen significant economic achievements since becoming finance minister in 2016, a position he has retained in the new government. Tusk has welcomed what he sees as signs that Morawiecki is a liberal economist who wants better ties with the EU.  There is no doubt that (Morawiecki s) liberal bias and some pro-western gestures could be a sign that there is a lurking desire to improve relations,  Tusk said last week. But an economic stimulus plan Morawiecki unveiled in 2016 has been criticized by economists who say it depends heavily on private investment, which is low in Poland despite fast economic growth.  What Morawiecki sees as a solution, meaning more political influence in the economy, is actually dangerous,  said Leszek Balcerowicz, a former finance minister who coordinated the transition to a market economy after decades of communist rule. Any hint of protectionism is also likely to worry EU leaders, who seek to break down trade barriers.  Morawiecki has called the privatization of state-owned companies a tragedy and said he will give more power to domestic capital at the expense of foreign investors. In his comments to parliament on Tuesday, he said economic policy should not change.  ",1
12405,British PM May says lawmakers to vote on final Brexit deal,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday that the  final Brexit withdrawal agreement will be put to a vote in both houses of parliament.  We will put the final withdrawal agreement between the UK and the EU to a vote in both houses of parliament before it comes into force,  May told parliament.  We expect the UK parliament to vote ahead of the European parliament so we fully expect parliament to vote well before March 2019,  she added.  Of course after we leave, the withdrawal agreement will be followed up by one or more agreements covering different aspects of the future relationship and we will introduce further legislation where it is needed to implement this into UK law, providing yet another opportunity for proper parliamentary scrutiny.    ",1
12406,Mozambique president replaces energy and foreign ministers,"MAPUTO (Reuters) - Mozambican President Filipe Nyusi has sacked four ministers, including those with the foreign affairs and energy portfolios, his office said late on Tuesday, without giving a reason. Energy is a key portfolio in Mozambique, which has vast untapped offshore gas reserves that are being developed by oil majors such as Italy s Eni. Nyusi s office said Ernesto Max Elias Tonela had replaced Leticia da Silva Klemens as minister of energy and mineral resources and Jose Condugua Antonio Pacheco was the new foreign minister, replacing Oldemiro Baloi. The president also replaced the ministers of industry and trade and of agriculture and food security.     Tonela, the new energy minister, previously served as commerce minister. An economist by training, Tonela has also  worked previously on the board of the Hidroelectrica de Cahora Bassa (HCB) company responsible for Mozambique s 2,000 megawatt hydroelectric dam. ",1
12407,Italy national election likely set for March 4: parliamentary source,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s parliament will be dissolved between Christmas and the New Year with national elections likely set for March 4, a parliamentary source in contact with the president s office said on Wednesday. The source said the vote could also be held on March 11, with a final decision due to be taken shortly. A national election must be held by May, but most political parties are keen to hold elections as soon as possible. While the centre-right is seen winning most seats at the forthcoming ballot, opinion polls suggest it will not win an absolute majority, making a hung parliament the most likely outcome. ",1
12408,Dutch join Austria's lawsuit against German road toll plan,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The Dutch government said on Wednesday it is joining Austria s lawsuit against Germany at the European Court of Justice over plans for a road toll for foreign drivers. The toll would apply to foreign-registered cars using German highways at a cost of up to 130 euros ( 116.5) a year. German drivers will be able to recover the costs through tax deductions.  At the heart of the Dutch objection is that the German toll plan is in violation of European rules,  a statement said. The Dutch government  believes just as Austria does that the toll plans are discriminatory and violate the basic right to free movement.  The toll also will create an impediment to free trade, with 60-100 million euros in estimated annual costs for Dutch taxpayers, largely hurting people and businesses in the border region, the statement said. The German parliament approved the road toll in March, but it is unlikely to come into effect before 2019, the year a ruling by the court is expected. ",1
12409,Iran urges Muslim nations to defend Palestinians after Trump move,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday all Muslim nations should work together to defend the rights of Palestinians following Donald Trump s decision last week to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Rouhani, attending an emergency meeting of Muslim leaders, said the U.S. president s move showed the United States lacked any respect for the legitimate rights of the Palestinian nation.   Iran is ready to cooperate with all Muslim countries without any precondition to defend the legitimate rights of Palestinians,  Rouhani told the gathering in the Turkish city  Istanbul.  Unity among Muslim countries is very important and Quds (Jerusalem) should become our top priority.  Opposition to Israel and support for the Palestinian cause have been central to Iran s foreign policy since the Islamic revolution of 1979 that toppled the U.S.-backed Shah.  Iran, the leading Shi ite Muslim power, and Sunni Muslim  Saudi Arabia are competing for influence in the Middle East, where they support rival groups in Yemen, Syria, Iraq and Lebanon. Tehran and Riyadh see each other as the paramount threat to regional peace and stability.  Saudi Arabia cut diplomatic relations with Iran in 2016 after Iranian protesters attacked Saudi diplomatic missions in Tehran and the city of Mashhad following Riyadh s execution of a prominent Shi ite cleric. Rouhani said Muslim countries should resolve their disputes through dialogue and he also accused Israel of planting seeds of tension across the Middle East. On his Twitter account, Rouhani said Trump s move to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital showed that Washington was not  an honest mediator and never will be , adding that it only wanted to  secure the interests of the Zionists . Iran does not recognize Israel and regards Palestine as comprising all of the holy land, including Israeli territory. Iranian leaders have repeatedly called for the destruction of Israel. Tehran backs several militant Islamist groups in their fight against Israel. ",1
12410,Indonesia corruption court indicts ex-parliament speaker after delays,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian prosecutors charged a former parliament speaker on Wednesday in connection with a $170 million graft scandal after he held up proceedings for hours at the opening of his trial, saying he was ill. Setya Novanto has been brought to trial by the Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK), which suspects extensive pilfering of public funds linked to a national identity card program. Novanto, who resigned as speaker of parliament this week,  has denied wrongdoing.  He had managed to cling to power through several previous corruption cases and repeatedly missed summonses for questioning by the anti-graft agency in connection with this case in recent months, saying he needed heart surgery. Novanto, who arrived at court in a white shirt and a bright orange jacket usually worn by the KPK s graft suspects, said he had diarrhea and needed medical attention. Prosecutors from the KPK said he was lying and that doctors had given him a clean bill of health earlier on Wednesday. He declined to confirm to the court details like his name or place of birth. After long delays to allow doctors to examine Novanto, the  presiding judge at the Jakarta corruption court let prosecutors read out the charges, which included unlawful intervention in the procurement process of the ID cards.  We are sure the defendant is healthy and can follow the court proceedings. This is part of the defendant s lies,  prosecutor Irene Putri said as defense lawyers called for more medical examinations for their client. The KPK is investigating state losses amounting to about $170 million linked to the national electronic identity card scheme after allegations that sums ranging from $5,000 to $5.5 million - generated by marking up procurement costs - were  divided up among politicians in parliament. KPK investigators last month put Novanto under armed guard in hospital and then took him into custody. Novanto s case has riveted the media and captured the attention of social media users, many of whom have mocked him in widely shared posts. The allegations against Novanto have reinforced the perception among Indonesians that their parliament, long regarded as riddled with entrenched corruption, is a failing institution. Indonesia was ranked last year at 90 out of 176 countries on Transparency International s corruption perception index. The watchdog has singled out parliament as Indonesia s most corrupt institution, and in July called on President Joko Widodo to protect the KPK against attempts by the legislature to weaken the commission s powers. ",1
12411,Red Cross says life has stopped in Myanmar's Rakhine,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Life has stopped in its tracks in Myanmar s northern Rakhine state where an estimated 180,000 Rohingya remain, fearful after violence drove 650,000 to flee to Bangladesh, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday. Dominik Stillhart, ICRC director of operations, speaking after a three-day mission to the remote area, said continuing tensions in the Muslim and dominant Buddhist communities were preventing Muslim traders from reopening shops and markets. The ICRC is one of the only aid agencies to operate in northern Rakhine after Myanmar s military waged a campaign the United Nations has called  ethnic cleansing  in response to Aug. 25 attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts.  The situation in the northern Rakhine has definitely stabilized, there are very sporadic incidents, but tensions are huge between the communities,  Stillhart told reporters.  You get a sense, especially of the two main communities being deeply scared of each other. What surprised me is the fact that not only the Muslim communities are scared, but that the others are actually scared as well,  he said. Stillhart went to Maungdaw, Buthidaung and Rathedaung in northern Rakhine, where the ICRC is providing food, water and other aid 150,000 people. By year-end, it hopes to reach all of the 180,000 Rohingya it estimates remain in the  politically-sensitive  region, among 300,000 throughout Rakhine, he said.  You travel through the countryside and you really see on both sides of the road, villages that are completely destroyed.  It just gives you a bit of a sense of the scale of destruction. There is also this pervasive sense of absence.   It is as if life has stopped in its tracks, people do not move, markets are closed in Muangdaw town,  Stillhart said. Myanmar s army released a report last month denying all allegations of rapes and killings by security forces.  The main problem for the Muslim communities today is not that they are being attacked, or that there are incidents,  Stillhart said.  Rather it is fear and uncertainty, and  the very limited possibilities for them to access their own livelihoods like fields, and especially markets and services , he said.  Myanmar and Bangladesh signed an agreement last month for the voluntary repatriation of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya within several months. The returns must be voluntary and safe, Stillhart said.  But for now we really don t see a significant return movement and I m also not expecting that we will see massive return anytime soon,  he said. About 300 Muslims still flee daily, he added, citing U.N. figures. The ICRC visits detainees held in Rakhine, including Rohingya arrested since Aug 25, he said.  What I can tell you is there are very few people who have been rounded up, surprisingly few people have been rounded up.  So it s not as if we met like hundreds or thousands of people rounded up in these detention centres.  ",1
12412,Factbox: Points of contention in talks on German coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her conservative Bavarian allies meet the leader of the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD) on Wednesday to start exploring the possibility of governing together. The two groups have ruled in a  grand coalition  for the last four years, but the SPD had vowed to go into opposition after voters rewarded it with its worst-ever post-war election result. The collapse of talks on a three-way coalition forced the SPD to re-consider in the interests of political stability. The conservative bloc and SPD are likely to clash over healthcare, immigration, Europe, work regulations and pensions. The SPD wants to introduce  citizen insurance,  to end the differences between Germany s private and public systems which, it argues, cater for the rich and poor respectively. The SPD wants everyone to be insured in the same way via citizen insurance. However, conservatives, including Merkel, have rejected this, saying switching to one healthcare system would decrease market competition and lead to worse healthcare. The SPD wants to stabilize pensions at 48 percent of the average wage by 2030, to be financed from reserves in the pension fund in the next few years. It aims to raise the contribution rate faster from 2024. The total cost of the SPD s proposal will amount to 19.2 billion euros ($22.55 billion) in 2030. The conservatives want to first form a commission to debate what is necessary to do.  The two parties agree in broad terms on a pro-Europe agenda for Germany, but the SPD wants deeper integration than the conservatives. SPD leader Martin Schulz has called for closer EU integration, with the aim of achieving a  United States of Europe  by 2025. This goes too far for Merkel s conservatives. [L8N1O90IU] Last October, Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) agreed with her conservative Bavarian allies, the Christian Social Union (CSU), to put a number on how many people Germany would accept per year on humanitarian grounds. The SPD rejects such a cap. The two parties also disagree on the suspension of family reunifications for asylum seekers who were granted humanitarian protection in Germany.  The SPD is against a conservative plan to extend a suspension for reunifications which will expire in March 2018.  The two blocs are also at odds on the repatriation of Syrian refugees accused of crimes. [L1N1NZ1LI] ",1
12413,Rights group criticizes China for mass DNA collection in Xinjiang,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese authorities have collected DNA and other biometric data from the whole population of the volatile western region of Xinjiang, Human Right Watch said on Wednesday, denouncing the campaign as a gross violation of international norms. Hundreds of people have been killed in Xinjiang in the past few years in violence between Uighurs, a mostly Muslim people, and ethnic majority Han Chinese, which Beijing blames on Islamist militants. The unrest has fueled a sweeping security crackdown there, including mass rallies by armed police, tough measures that rights advocates say restrict religious and cultural expression, and widespread surveillance. Police are responsible for collecting pictures, fingerprints, iris scans and household registration information, while health authorities should collect DNA samples and blood type information as part of a  Physicals for All  program, the New York-based group said in a statement, citing government a document.  The mandatory databanking of a whole population s biodata, including DNA, is a gross violation of international human rights norms, and it s even more disturbing if it is done surreptitiously, under the guise of a free health care program,  Human Rights Watch s China director Sophie Richardson said. According to the Xinjiang-wide plan posted online by the Aksu city government in July, main goals for the campaign include collecting the biometric data for all people between the age of 12 and 65, and verifying the region s population for a database.  Blood type information should be sent to the county-level police bureaus, and DNA blood cards should be sent to the county police bureaus for inspection,  the plan said. Data for  priority individuals  should be collected regardless of age, it said, using a term the government has adopted to refer to people deemed a security risk. Government workers must  earnestly safeguard the peoples  legal rights , plan said, but it made no mention of a need to inform people fully about the campaign or of any option for people to decline to take part. Xinjiang officials could not be reached for comment.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang, asked about the report by Human Rights Watch, accused the group of making  untrue  statements. He told a regular news briefing in Beijing the general situation in the region was good. Human Rights Watch cited an unidentified Xinjiang resident  saying he feared being labelled with  political disloyalty  if he did not participate, and that he had not received any results from the health checks. State media, reporting on the campaign checks, have said participation was voluntary. The official Xinhua news agency in November cited health authorities as saying 18.8 million people in the region had received such physicals in 2017 for a 100 percent coverage rate. ",1
12414,South African court upholds watchdog recommendation to set up inquiry on influence-peddling,PRETORIA (Reuters) - South Africa s High Court ruled on Wednesday that an inquiry into alleged state influence-peddling in President Jacob Zuma s government should be established as recommended by the anti-graft watchdog in a report released a year ago. Zuma had challenged the right of the report s author to call for a judicial inquiry and the appointment of a judge to head it by the Chief Justice. Zuma said it was his prerogative to set up such an inquiry. ,1
12415,Philippine Congress gives Duterte green light to extend martial law in south,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine lawmakers on Wednesday overwhelmingly backed President Rodrigo Duterte s plan to extend martial law for all of next year in Mindanao, an island he called a  flashpoint for trouble  and atrocities by Islamist and communist rebels. The extension, until Dec. 31 next year, would mark the longest period of martial law since the 1970s era of late strongman Ferdinand Marcos, one of the darkest and most oppressive chapters of the country s recent history.  At a joint session of Congress, 240 out of 267 lawmakers agreed with Duterte on the need for tough measures to stop Muslim militants recruiting fighters and preparing a new wave of attacks after occupying Marawi City for five months this year. Duterte thanked Congress for its support and said the communist New People s Army and militants loyal to Islamic State were equally threatening.  There is a need for me to come up with something, otherwise Mindanao will blow apart,  he told reporters. The government worries that mountainous, jungle-clad Mindanao, a region the size of South Korea that is home to the Muslim minority, could attract international extremists. The Marawi City assault was the Philippines  biggest security crisis in decades, killing more than 1,100 people, mostly militants. The armed forces took 154 days to win the battle, and 185 extremists are estimated to still be at large. Duterte enjoys massive public support, but his frequent threats to expand martial law are contentious in a country that suffered nine years of oppression under Marcos before his ouster in 1986. Marcos was accused of inventing security threats to justify tightening his grip on power and crushing detractors. Duterte has frequently praised the leadership of Marcos. Duterte s opponents lament his authoritarian streak and speculate that his end game is to emulate Marcos by declaring martial law nationwide, as he has often threatened.  Asked several times on Wednesday if he was prepared to go that far, he said,  It depends on the enemies of the state.  Minority lawmakers said the extension of martial law was illegal because Duterte had cited security threats, rather than rebellion or invasion, the conditions under which martial law can be invoked. Duterte scoffed at the notion that the conflict in Mindanao, his home for most of his life, did not constitute rebellion.  There is actually rebellion in Mindnanao, it is ongoing, the fighting is going on,  he said. Congressman Tom Villarin said martial law would cost a huge amount of money, calling broad support for it a  death blow to our democracy .  We have made martial law the new normal, absent of any proof of invasion or rebellion,  he said.  Martial law now desensitizes the people to wrongly equate it with good governance and democracy.  In his request to Congress on Monday, Duterte had argued that a little-known operative active in Mindanao, Abu Turaifie, was  said to be  Islamic State s potential point man in Southeast Asia. ",1
12416,South Sudan needs $1.7 billion humanitarian aid in 2018,"JUBA (Reuters) - South Sudan needs $1.7 billion in aid next year to help 6 million people   half of its population   cope with the effects of war, hunger and economic decline, the government and the United Nations announced on Wednesday. South Sudan slid into civil war in late 2013, two years after gaining independence from Sudan and a third of its 12 million population has fled their homes.  The conflict was sparked by a feud between President Salva Kiir and his former deputy Riek Machar, who is being held in South Africa, and eventually led to a fight along ethnic lines.  We are calling for $1.72 billion to continue providing life-saving assistance and protection for 6 million people most in need in South Sudan,  Alain Noudehou, the U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator for South Sudan, told a news conference. Humanitarian assistance was needed for people suffering the effects of displacement, food insecurity, malnutrition, violence and economic decline, Noudehou said. Since the conflict began, about 4 million people have been forced to flee their homes, with nearly 1.9 million people who have internally displaced and about 2.1 million who have fled to neighboring countries, he said. The conflict has also led to a cut in crude oil production, which is a key foreign exchange earner, and the ensuing insecurity has hampered cultivation of food. Also at the news conference was South Sudan s Humanitarian Affairs Minister Hussein Mar Nyuot.   I believe if we don t get the amount ($1.72 billion) and the donors don t respond to this more crisis in South Sudan will happen. That means 2018 might be worse than 2017,  he said. ",1
12417,Iran calls on Muslim nations to step up efforts against Trump's Jerusalem decision,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday all Muslim nations should work together to defend the rights of Palestinians against Donald Trump s decision last week to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Speaking in an emergency meeting of Muslim leaders in Turkey s Istanbul city, Rouhani said the Muslim countries should resolve their internal disputes through dialogue and called for unity against Israel. Rouhani said Israel had planted seeds of tension in the crisis-hit region.  ",1
12418,Russia will keep bases in Syria to strike at insurgents: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will keep a naval and an air base in Syria capable of carrying out strikes against insurgents if required after a partial military pull-out announced by President Vladimir Putin, the Kremlin said on Tuesday. Putin on Monday ordered  a significant part  of Moscow s military contingent to start pulling out of Syria, declaring their work largely done.  Putin made the announcement during a surprise visit to the Russian Hmeymim air base, where he met President Bashar al-Assad and addressed Russian forces.  Thanks to the fact that the operation to save Syria and the liberation of Syrian land from terrorists have been completed, there is no longer a need for broad-scale combat strength,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said. But he added that Russia would keep the Hmeymim air base in Syria s Latakia Province and its naval facility in the port of Tartous.  The President stressed that the terrorists might try to  walk tall  again in Syria. If that happens, crushing blows will be carried out,  Peskov said. Russia s military operation in Syria, which began in September 2015, turned the tide of the conflict in favor of Moscow s ally, Assad. It also established Russia as a power broker in the Middle East, regaining a role it had relinquished after the collapse of the Soviet Union. Assad s opponents, Western governments and some human rights organizations alleged that Russian air strikes on Syria had killed large numbers of civilians. Moscow has denied the allegation. The Kremlin has presented the partial withdrawal of its forces as evidence that its mission in Syria has been largely accomplished. That gives a boost to Putin as he launches his campaign for re-election. Opinion polls show that he will comfortably win the presidential election, scheduled for March. But the Kremlin fears that, since some voters see the election as a foregone conclusion, they may not turn out, weakening Putin s mandate. Russia had previously announced a partial drawdown of its forces in Syria, in March last year. However, a powerful Russian contingent remained in place and there was little sign of operations being scaled back. Back home in Russia, many people consider the Syrian mission a successful operation to restore peace - as well as an opportunity for Moscow to flex its military muscles. The official death for Russian forces killed in combat is 38, according to a Reuters tally. That is far below the level of losses sustained when the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in the 1980s, the last time Moscow waged a major campaign far beyond its borders. However, many of the losses in Syria were borne by private military contractors working with the Russian military whose deaths have not been officially acknowledged, according to friends, relatives and colleagues of the contractors.  The Russian defense ministry denies that there are any Russian contractors in Syria. ",1
12419,"Jordan's King rejects change in status of Jerusalem, its holy sites","CAIRO (Reuters) - Jordan s King Abdullah on Wednesday rejected any attempt to change the status of Jerusalem or its holy sites, and said peace would not come to the region without a resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.  All violence... is a result of a failure to find a peaceful solution to the Palestinian issue,  he told an emergency summit of Muslim leaders in Turkey. King Abdullah s Hashemite dynasty is custodian of the Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem, making Amman particularly sensitive to any changes of status after the Trump s administration s decision to recognize it as Israel s capital. ",1
12420,France's Macron to attend Russia investor forum in 2018: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron will be a guest of honor at an economic forum to be held in Russia s second-largest city St. Petersburg next year, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday, the RIA news agency reported. ",1
12421,China warns Taiwan not to rely on foreigners after attack threat,"BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan will fail to get foreign support for its cause, the Chinese government said on Wednesday after a Chinese diplomat threatened the self-ruled island with attack, while Taiwan said it was committed to peace. China considers Taiwan to be a wayward province and has never renounced the use of force to bring it under its control. The United States has no formal ties with Taiwan but is bound by law to help it defend itself and is its main source of arms. Beijing regularly calls Taiwan the most sensitive and important issue between it and the United States. In September, the U.S. Congress passed the National Defense Authorization Act for the 2018 fiscal year, which authorizes mutual visits by navy vessels between Taiwan and the United States. That prompted a senior U.S.-based Chinese diplomat to say last week that China would attack Taiwan the instant any U.S. navy vessel visited the island. Asked about the remarks at a regular news briefing in Beijing, An Fengshan, spokesman for China s policy-making Taiwan Affairs Office, said Taiwan was an internal matter and China opposed any form of military contacts between Taipei and Washington.  What I want to stress and point out is that any relying on foreigners to build oneself up or plots to harm national sovereignty and territorial integrity will be opposed by the entire Chinese nation, and cannot succeed,  An said. China suspects Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, who leads the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, wants to declare the island s formal independence. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s security. The Chinese air force has this year carried out a series of drills near Taiwan, prompting Taiwan to scramble jets to shadow the mainland aircraft. Speaking at a security forum in Taipei, Taiwan Vice President Chen Chien-jen said China had been sending more naval vessels and aircraft through the East China Sea, in addition to its  provocative behaviors  in the South China Sea, where Taiwan is also party to a festering territorial dispute.  Nevertheless, we remain committed to maintaining the status quo of peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait, but this requires cooperation from both sides,  Chen said.   We are looking for positive dialogue between the two sides of the Taiwan Strait, and hope it will happen soon. That would benefit the people on both sides, our region and our world.  Since Tsai took office, China has suspended a regular dialogue mechanism with Taiwan and has been slowly siphoning off its remaining diplomatic allies. ",1
12422,Kremlin calls U.S. allegations of subversive activity 'groundless',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Wednesday that U.S. allegations it was involved in a new generation of warfare, including internal political subversion, against the United States, were groundless and not backed by facts. White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster made the allegations on Tuesday. ",1
12423,South Korean firms flock to Beijing hoping summit will hasten thaw with China,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Hoping a thaw in relations with China will reopen opportunities after a diplomatic spat earlier this year cost many of them business, some 300 South Korean executives joined President Moon Jae-in for the start of his four-day trip to China on Wednesday. The delegation was the largest to accompany a South Korean leader abroad, and reflected the value the firms placed on mending ties with their country s biggest trading partner. Trade and business exchanges between the two countries froze earlier this year after South Korea deployed U.S.-made Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-missile system regardless of vehement objections from Beijing.  Among those who traveled were executives from some of the firms hit hardest by the backlash, including Lotte Group and cosmetics and entertainment firms such as Amorepacific and S.M. Entertainment. Addressing around 500 Chinese and South Korean businessmen at a forum in Beijing, Moon stressed the need to  build a systemic foundation for a stable economic cooperation . Moon said he expects to sign a memorandum with President Xi Jinping at a summit on Thursday, a step toward follow-up negotiations of the South Korea-China Free Trade Agreement (FTA) concerning services and investments.  This is expected to expand the entry of both countries  companies into service industries, and revitalize mutual investments,  he said.  The THAAD disagreement knocked about 0.4 percentage points off expected economic growth in South Korea this year and resulted in lost revenues of around $6.5 billion from Chinese tourists in the first nine months of the year, as the number of  visitors fell by half. Anti-South Korean sentiment also battered firms  sales of  entertainment, cosmetics and cars in China.  Multiple officials from South Korea s largest companies told Reuters they hoped that Moon s visit to China would mark the next step toward improving ties after the two governments reached an initial agreement in late October to move past the dispute.  Still, they were doubtful whether a sudden turnaround in business relations would be achieved over the coming days.  If you look at earlier cases, it takes several, gradual steps for unspoken reprisals to be eased,  said an official from a Korean firm accompanying Moon who declined to be identified as the matter was sensitive.   We re hoping this is a key step.  Reuters spoke to around 20 of the South Korean firms represented in the delegation, and none had any fresh investment or business deal announcements planned. Instead, an official at game developer Wemade Entertainment Co Ltd, whose CEO attended the forum, said executives would be looking to reopen dialogue with Chinese counterparts.   Rather than having a specific agenda, we are hoping for a space to discuss various matters,  the official said. In late November, China allowed travel agencies in Beijing and Shandong to resume some sales of group tours to South Korea, but tour agencies were told not to include South Korean retail-to-chemicals giant Lotte Group in travel packages.  Lotte, which provided the land where the THAAD system was installed, was hardest hit in the diplomatic standoff.  Its chain of hypermarkets and supermarkets in China were largely shuttered, and it is expected to sell the stores for a fraction of what it invested. The conglomerate previously said it planned to sell the stores by the end of this year, but the talks have been in  a stalemate,  a Lotte Group official said, declining to be identified due to the sensitivities.  Still, the official hoped the summit would ease the way for the planned sales of hypermarkets in China and lead to a full lifting of group tour bans.  We have big hopes about the summit,  the official said.     ",1
12424,Palestine's Abbas says U.S. Jerusalem decision 'greatest crime',"CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Wednesday, the Trump administration s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel was the  greatest crime  and a flagrant violation of international law.  Jerusalem is and always will be the capital of Palestine,  he told an emergency meeting of Muslim leaders in Turkey. He said the United States was giving away Jerusalem as if it were an American city.  It crosses all the red lines,  he said. Abbas said it was unacceptable for the United States to have a role in the Middle East peace process because it was biased in favor of Israel. ",1
12425,U.S. urges Cambodia to reverse steps against democracy,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - The United States has called on Cambodia to reverse steps that  backtracked on democracy  before a general election next year, a visiting U.S. official said on Wednesday. Relations between Cambodia and the United States have hit their lowest in years after the arrest of a rival of long-serving Prime Minister Hun Sen, Kem Sokha, and the dissolution of his opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP).  Hun Sen accused Kem Sokha and his party of a U.S.-backed anti-government plot. The opposition leader and the United States denied that.  We are advising that these steps that have taken place here that have backtracked on democracy could be reversed,  said Patrick Murphy, deputy assistant secretary of state for Southeast Asia, the most senior U.S. official to visit since the CNRP was dissolved. Murphy told reporters in Phnom Penh that Cambodia still had time before the general election in July to  conduct an electoral process that is legitimate . Hun Sen looks set to extend his 32-year rule easily next year after eliminating the CNRP, which had made big gains in the last general election in 2013. On Tuesday, the European Union followed a U.S. lead in suspending funding for the election.  Kem Sokha has been accused of plotting treason with unidentified Americans and the Cambodian Supreme Court dissolved his party last month at the government s request. Kem Sokha said the charges were a political ploy. Murphy said allegations of a U.S.-backed plot were a fabrication.  We want a good relationship,  he said.  There is a little bit of friction, a little bit of noise in the official bilateral relationship but we remain optimistic.  During his visit, Murphy met senior officials but no government ministers. He also met civil society groups. Ouch Borith, secretary of state at the foreign ministry, who met Murphy on Tuesday, told reporters their talks had been about improving the relationship.  He defended his government s actions.  What we ve done is in the legal framework to defend Cambodia s independence, peace and stability. We didn t do anything illegal,  he said. Reaction to the dissolution of the CNRP has been largely muted in Cambodia.  Rights groups have decried what they say is an increasingly repressive atmosphere in the Southeast Asian nation, and have condemned the detention of several reporters and closure of some media outlets. Hun Sen has shrugged off criticism from the West. China, Cambodia s largest aid donor, has leant its support to Hun Sen saying it respects Cambodia s right to defend its national security. ",1
12426,Turkey's Erdogan tells Muslim summit Jerusalem is capital of Palestine,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan called on world powers to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine on Wednesday and said the United States should reverse a decision recognizing the city as Israel s capital. Addressing a summit of Muslim leaders in Istanbul, Erdogan described Washington s decision last week as a reward for Israeli  terror acts  and said the city was a red line for Muslims. ",1
12427,Senior Russian diplomat hails U.S. readiness to start talks with North Korea: Ifx,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia welcomes U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s statement that Washington is ready to begin direct talks with North Korea, the Interfax news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Wednesday. Tillerson said direct talks with Pyongyang might start  without pre-conditions, backing away from a key U.S. demand that North Korea must first accept that giving up its nuclear arsenal would be part of any negotiations. ",1
12428,Russia ready to consider easing arms embargo for Libya: Ifx cites diplomat,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is ready to consider easing an arms embargo for Libya, the Interfax news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov as saying on Wednesday. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj said this month he was hopeful that a U.N.-imposed arms embargo would be partially lifted against some branches of the country s military. The Libyan government is allowed to import weapons and related materiel with the approval of a U.N. Security Council committee overseeing the embargo imposed in 2011. ",1
12429,South Korea conducts anti-terror drills ahead of Winter Games,"PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - Set to host the Winter Olympics in February, South Korea conducted a series of security drills on Tuesday to prepare against terror attacks ranging from a hostage situation, a vehicle ramming a stadium and a bomb-attached to a drone. Police and firemen were among around 420 personnel participating in the exercise, held in front of the Olympic Stadium at Pyeongchang, just 80 km (50 miles) from the heavily fortified border with North Korea. During the simulated drills, members of a SWAT team shot down a drone with a bomb attached that was flying toward a bus carrying athletes.  In another part of the mock exercise a terrorist took hostage athletes on a bus, and tried to ram the vehicle into the stadium before being gunned down by police. Officers in gas masks also removed a chemical bomb. Anxiety on the Korean Peninsula has been rising in recent months due to a series of missile tests by North Korea as it continues its pursuit of nuclear weapons in defiance of U.N. sanctions and warnings from the United States.  Please keep in mind that accidents always happen where no one has expected,  South Korean Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon said.   Please check until the last minute whether there are any security loopholes.  Lee did not mention North Korea, but South Korea s Defense Ministry on Friday flagged risks that North Korea could resort to terrorist or cyber attacks to spoil international events. Some 5,000 armed forces personnel will be deployed at the Winter Games, according to South Korean government officials and documents reviewed by Reuters. Pyeongchang s organizing committee for the 2018 Games (POCOG) has also hired a private cyber security company to guard against a hacking attack from the North, tender documents show.  To minimize the risk of provoking an aggressive North Korean reaction during the games, South Korea has asked Washington to delay regular joint military exercises until after the Olympics, the Financial Times reported. A spokesman for South Korea s defense ministry said on Tuesday that nothing has been decided.   ",1
12430,Pakistani court summons police in case of missing peace activist,"LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - A Pakistani court on Wednesday summoned a police officer investigating the case of a missing peace activist who is believed to have been kidnapped by unidentified men this month. Four activists critical of the army and its attitude towards militant groups went missing this year but reappeared after about a month. Two later said Pakistani military intelligence agents abducted and tortured them. The military denied the accusations. The latest activist to go missing is Raza Mehmood Khan, 40, a member of Aghaz-i-Dosti (Start of Friendship) group that works to build peace between arch-rivals Pakistan and India. He has not been heard from since Dec. 2 and his family filed a writ of habeas corpus in a court in the eastern city of Lahore in the belief he has been unlawfully detained, a lawyer acting for his family said. The Lahore High Court took up the case on Wednesday and the presiding judge, Anwar ul Haq, asked for the officer in charge of the police station handling the case to appear at the next hearing on Dec. 19. The lawyer, Usama Malik, told Reuters a neighbor had called police on the night of Dec. 2 to report that Khan was being kidnapped by unknown men. Khan s brother and police arrived to find Khan gone, along with his mobile telephones and computer, the lawyer said. Police were not available for comment on the court summons on Wednesday. Police said earlier they had no suspect in the case and they were investigating. On the day of his disappearance, Khan had spoken at a forum on militancy.  Everyone discussed their views and, of course, Raza was very critical,  said a friend, Rahim-ul-Haq. Khan had also posted comments on Facebook critical of the military and its suspected link to some Islamist hardliners who at the time were protesting against the civilian government.  Liberals in Pakistan have long criticized what they see as the military s use of some militant factions to further its political and security objectives. The army denies sponsoring militant factions. It regards security policy, especially towards neighbors India and Afghanistan, as its responsibility. ",1
12431,U.S. criticizes Poland for fining U.S.-owned broadcaster TVN,"WARSAW (Reuters) - The United States criticized a decision by Poland s media regulator to slap a $415,000 fine on TVN, a U.S.-owned private broadcaster, saying the ruling appeared to undermine media freedom. The broadcaster was fined by regulator KRRiT on Monday over its coverage of protests in parliament last year.  This decision appears to undermine media freedom in Poland, a close ally and fellow democracy. Free and independent media are essential to a strong democracy,  the U.S. Department of State said in a statement on Tuesday. It added that it remained confident in the ability of Polish authorities to ensure democratic institutions were fully functioning and respected. The regulator said it had fined the broadcaster s TVN24 channel for  promoting illegal activities and encouraging behavior that threatens security,  without giving details. TVN24 is the most widely watched independent channel in Poland, and critics on Monday interpreted the fine as an effort to mute its criticism of the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party amid speculation the state may take the broadcaster over.  Since taking office in late 2015, the PiS has been at loggerheads with the European Union over policy, including placing the country s media under increased state control. ",1
12432,Australian PM says government at risk if it loses Sydney by-election,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Wednesday his government s future was at risk if it lost a Sydney by-election this weekend and failed to regain its one-seat majority, forcing it to rely on independents to survive in power. Turnbull s conservative voter base in the harbourside seat of Bennelong, usually a safe blue-ribbon seat, has collapsed, according to an opinion poll on Tuesday. The Newspoll in The Australian newspaper said Turnbull s Liberal-National coalition and the opposition Labor each have a 50 percent chance of winning on a two-party preferred vote, with Liberal voters deserting to a newly formed conservative party.  It is a tight race. It is very high cost. If Labor were to win in Bennelong, then (Labor leader) Bill Shorten would be very close to becoming prime minister,  Turnbull told reporters in Sydney. If Turnbull loses Bennelong, it would only take the loss of support from key independents in a vote of no confidence to see his minority government topple. Centre-left Labor has not held power since 2013. Turnbull has led a minority government since October after his deputy prime minister was forced to quit parliament for holding dual citizenship. Under Australia s constitution, national politicians can only have Australian citizenship. The deputy prime minister was re-elected on Dec. 2 after renouncing his New Zealand citizenship, but Turnbull failed to regain his one-seat majority because Bennelong s Liberal incumbent, former tennis champion John Alexander, quit parliament because he believed he might hold dual Australian-British citizenship. Turnbull s future now rests on the voters of the affluent Bennelong electorate, where 13 percent of electors were born in either China or Hong Kong. But a strain in relations between Australia and China in the past week may cost Turnbull votes. Turnbull announced last week a ban on foreign political donations aimed at preventing external influence in domestic politics. He singled out China in announcing the ban, prompting a rebuke in China s People s Daily newspaper.  Australia must recognise China is now leading the world. The government s attitude towards China will cost them votes, said Cao Gui Dong, a candidate for the Christian Democrat Party in Bennelong. A loss in Bennelong would also see Turnbull s grip on the prime ministership again come under scrutiny, with one Liberal politician already calling for him to quit before Christmas. Turnbull has fought off leadership speculation for most of 2017, amid a slump in polls as voters flock to far-right parties, but has vowed to lead his government to the next election due in 2019. (This version of the story fixes typo paragraph six) ",1
12433,China says it welcomes all efforts to ease tension on Korean peninsula,BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Ministry on Wednesday said it welcomed all efforts to ease tension on the Korean peninsula after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions. Ministry spokesman Lu Kang made the comment at a daily news briefing in the Chinese capital.  ,1
12434,Judges consider HK double murder appeal by convicted former British banker,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Three judges in Hong Kong s Court of Appeal are set to decide the fate of a former British banker who was jailed for life last year for the murder of two Indonesian women he tortured and raped after his appeal hearing closed on Wednesday.    Rurik Jutting, 32, a former Bank of America employee, had denied murdering Sumarti Ningsih, 23, and Seneng Mujiasih, 26, in his luxury apartment in 2014 on the grounds of diminished responsibility due to alcohol and drug abuse and sexual disorders. The Cambridge-educated Jutting pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of manslaughter in a case that gripped the Asian financial hub. During the one and a half day appeal hearing in the former British colony, Jutting s lawyers said the judge who presided over the gruesome trial last year had misdirected the jury. Defence lawyer Gerard McCoy argued that the judge had narrowed down the scope of the defence case by conflating an abnormality of mind with a psychiatric disorder. Jutting s defence is that while a disorder can cause an abnormal mind, his mental state can be abnormal without a disorder. McCoy said Jutting showed severe traits of psychiatric disorders, far beyond the normal range and was therefore not in control of his actions, said McCoy.  Abnormality of mind is absolutely not confined to a disorder or a disease. Here the judge locks it down, reinforcing to the jury it is disorder,  he said. Jutting, dressed in a navy blue shirt and thick squared glasses, watched animatedly throughout the hearing and occasionally chuckled, particularly during the presentations by prosecutor John Reading. Reading stated that the previous judge had  exercised considerable care in crafting his directions on the law in consultation with both sides . Judges Michael Lunn, Andrew Macrae and Kevin Zervos are to return judgement on the appeal which may include granting Jutting the opportunity for a new trial, but they did not give a time frame.  Deputy High Court Judge Michael Stuart-Moore said in strongly worded closing remarks at the end of the trial last year that the case was one of the most horrifying the Chinese-ruled territory had known. He described Jutting as the  archetypal sexual predator  who represented an extreme danger to women, especially in the sex trade, and cautioned that it was possible he would murder again if freed. The jury unanimously found Jutting, the grandson of a British policeman in Hong Kong and a Chinese woman, guilty of murder and he was sentenced to life in prison in November 2016. Jutting s defence team had previously argued that cocaine and alcohol abuse, as well as personality disorders of sexual sadism and narcissism, had impaired his ability to control his behavior. The prosecution rejected this, stating Jutting was able to form judgments and exercise self-control before and after the killings, filming his torture of Ningsih on his mobile phone as well as hours of footage in which he discussed the murders, bingeing on cocaine and his graphic sexual fantasies. In previous high profile murder cases such as that of Nancy Kissel, an American woman serving a life sentence for the  milkshake  murder of her Merrill Lynch banker husband, retrials have been given.  Kissel lost her final appeal against her conviction in 2014.   ",1
12435,Turkish teachers linked to Erdogan foe detained in Afghanistan,"KABUL (Reuters) - One Afghan and three Turkish teachers linked to an organization regarded with suspicion by the Turkish government were detained by Afghan intelligence officials on Tuesday, the organization s head said. The move against Afghan Turk CAG Educational NGO (ATCE), the body that runs the schools, appeared to be part of a Turkish campaign against followers of Fethullah Gulen, a U.S.-based cleric it accuses of being behind a coup attempt in July 2016 aimed at ousting President Tayyip Erdogan. ATCE, which says it is an independent organization, runs schools in several cities including the capital, Kabul, Mazar-i-Sharif, Kandahar and Herat and has been in Afghanistan since 1995.  Around 7 a.m., four of our teachers traveling in two different cars were picked up by (Afghan intelligence),  said Human Erdogan, the chairman of ATCE. Other intelligence officials later went to the group s girls  school nearby looking for another teacher, he said. He said the men presented themselves as members of the National Directorate of of Security (NDS), Afghanistan s intelligence agency. Neither the NDS nor the Afghan government immediately responded to requests for comment. Afghan President Ashraf Ghani was on his way to Istanbul onTuesday to attend the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC)Summit. In March, Afghanistan ordered the schools to be transferred to a foundation approved by Ankara. Last year, shortly before a visit to Islamabad by the Turkish president, Pakistan ordered Turkish teachers at schools run by a body called PakTurk International Schools and Colleges to leave the country. Gulen, a former ally of Erdogan who now lives in self-imposed exile in the United States, promotes a moderate form of Islam, supporting inter-faith communication and Western-style education and inspiring schools in different parts of the world. He has denied any involvement in the 2016 failed coup attempt. (This version of the story fixes garbled wording in headline; text unchanged) ",1
12436,Russia defense ministry delegation arrives in Pyongyang: Interfax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian defense ministry delegation has arrived in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang, the Interfax news agency cited North Korea s embassy to Russia as saying on Wednesday. No details of the visit were immediately available. ",1
12437,Poland's new government wins vote of confidence in parliament,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s new government led by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki won a vote of confidence in parliament just before midnight on Tuesday, voting records showed, opening the way for the Cabinet to start functioning. Morawiecki, 49, was named prime minister last week in a government reshuffle, replacing Beata Szydlo as the ruling Law and Justice party gears up for elections over the next three years. He said Warsaw s economic policy - based on generous public spending and a growing focus on building domestic capital - should not change, but his government would aim to improve Poland s external relations. ",1
12438,Turkey chides Arabs for 'weak' reaction ahead of Jerusalem summit,"ANKARA/ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey criticized what it said was a feeble Arab reaction to the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, saying on the eve of Wednesday s Muslim summit in Istanbul that some Arab countries were scared of angering Washington. President Tayyip Erdogan, who has accused the United States of ignoring Palestinian claims to Israeli-occupied east Jerusalem and  trampling on international law , has invited leaders from more than 50 Muslim countries to agree a response.  Jerusalem, revered by Jews, Christians and Muslims alike, is home to Islam s third holiest site and has been at the heart of Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades.  U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement last week recognizing the city as Israel s capital angered many Muslim countries, but few governments have matched Turkey s warning that it would plunge the world  into a fire with no end .  Several countries had still not said who they would send to Istanbul, a Turkish minister said.  Some Arab countries have shown very weak responses (on Jerusalem),  Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said.  It seems some countries are very timid of the United States.  He said Egypt and the United Arab Emirates would send foreign ministers while Saudi Arabia had yet to say how it would participate. All three countries have delicate ties with Turkey, seeing links between the policies of Erdogan s Islamist-rooted ruling AK Party and regional Islamist movements they oppose. Other countries had also not said who they would send, Cavusoglu said, adding that the meeting of Organisation of Islamic Cooperation countries must stand up to what he called Washington s  I am a super power, I can do anything  mentality.  We will make a call for countries that have so far not recognized Palestine to do so now,  he said.  ...We want the United States to turn back from its mistake.  Trump s announcement triggered days of protests across the Muslim world and clashes between Palestinians and Israeli security forces in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed it, an action not recognized internationally.  On Monday, tens of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in Beirut to protest at a march backed by Hezbollah, the heavily armed Iran-backed Shi ite group whose leader called last week for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, who is expected to attend the Istanbul summit, said his country supported a new uprising against Israel to  safeguard the Palestinian people s rights . Rouhani said Muslim countries would  undoubtedly voice their protest to the world  at Wednesday s meeting. Iran supports several anti-Israel militant groups. The mainly Shi ite country is also competing for power and influence in the Middle East with predominantly Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia, a close U.S. ally. Iranian Defence Minister Amir Hatami said Trump s decision would strengthen Israel, and accused some Muslim states of cooperating covertly with the Israeli government.  We strongly believe that this decision is the result of interaction between Israel and some Muslim countries,  he told his Turkish counterpart in a telephone call on Tuesday, Iran s semi-official Tasnim news agency reported. Qassem Soleimani, head of the branch of the Revolutionary Guards that oversees operations outside Iran, pledged  complete support for Palestinian Islamic resistance movements  on Monday. The Trump administration says it remains committed to reaching peace between Israel and the Palestinians and its decision does not affect Jerusalem s future borders or status. It says any credible future peace deal will place the Israeli capital in Jerusalem, and ditching old policies is needed to revive a peace process frozen since 2014. ",1
12439,Philippine lawmakers approve one-yr extension of martial law in south,"MANILA (Reuters) - A joint session of the Philippine Congress on Wednesday approved a one-year extension of martial law on the southern island of Mindanao, backing a move by President Rodrigo Duterte to tackle Muslim extremists. Security officials had earlier told Congress militants loyal to Islamic State were regrouping and recruiting young fighters to launch attacks in the region of 22 million people, home to the country s Muslim minority. Opponents had said one year was excessive and the measure did not satisfy a constitutional requirement for a rebellion to be taking place.      ",1
12440,Latest fire in Chinese capital kills five despite safety blitz,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A fire in a southern neighbourhood of Beijing early on Wednesday killed five people, the Chinese government said, just weeks after another deadly blaze in the city prompted a crackdown against migrant workers sparking widespread anger. The fire in a house in Baiqiangzi, a migrant village in the Chinese capital, was caused by two electric bikes, a fireman who gave his family name as Qiu told Reuters at the scene. Eight people were injured and had been taken to hospital, the government said. Police detained the house owner who had rented it out, state news agency Xinhua said. A resident in his 30s, who declined to be identified, said he was in the building when the fire broke out just before 1 a.m. (1700 GMT Tuesday). He said that the room where electric bikes are charged was full of flames. He helped carry people out, some of whom were burnt  from head to toe , he said.  It was terrifying but I had to help,  he told Reuters. Fireman Qiu said the cause was still being investigated.  The fire itself was not very big but the plastic material on the outside of the ebikes created lots of poisonous smoke that led to deaths,  Qiu said. Beijing s municipal government launched a 40-day  special operation  targeting fire code and building safety violations last month after a Nov. 18 apartment fire in another southern part of the city killed 19 people, almost all of them migrants. The city-wide fire safety blitz has forced thousands of migrant workers out of their homes and businesses, igniting unusually direct criticism of city government measures seen by some people as unfairly targeting the vulnerable underclass. Beijing s Communist Party chief Cai Qi has visited migrant workers in an apparent effort to address those concerns, telling them the city cannot do without their hard work, the official Beijing Daily said on Wednesday.  Our city needs sanitation, cleaning, security, logistics, housekeeping, courier, catering and other ordinary workers,  the paper quoted Cai as saying.  Whether in city operations or normal daily life, we can t do without them.  Companies in all sectors in Beijing rely on migrant workers and they have used their sweat to contribute to the city s development, Cai said.  We need to give these workers full respect and show even more care and love for them, work hard to address their hardships and anxieties, to give them a sense of belonging,  he said. Xinhua said Cai had visited the site of the latest fire and also been to see the survivors in hospital. The government has come under increasing pressure in the wake of the crackdown on migrant workers, including sporadic protests and an open letter from more than 100 prominent academics, lawyers and intellectuals denouncing the steps. Such open criticism of government is increasingly rare as officials have clamped down on various aspects of civil society under President Xi Jinping. Some non-profit groups that sought to offer assistance said they had been obstructed by police, with their online advertisements blocked by censors. ",1
12441,Window falls from U.S. Marines helicopter onto school grounds in Japan's Okinawa,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A window fell from a U.S. helicopter onto a school sports field near a U.S. Marines air base on Okinawa on Wednesday, the Marines said, the latest in a series of accidents that have fanned safety concerns on Japan s southern island. Japan s central government and Okinawa authorities have been at odds for years over the Futenma base. Residents complain about what they see as the unfair burden they carry in supporting the U.S. military presence in Japan. A 10-year-old boy suffered a minor injury but the exact cause was unclear, an Okinawa prefecture official told Reuters. The boy was among about 50 children on the elementary school grounds when the window fell from a U.S. CH-53E transport helicopter. Japan s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said:  This sort of incident creates anxiety not only among those involved with the school but the people of Okinawa and should never happen.  Suga told a regular news conference that the government would respond appropriately after getting an explanation from U.S. officials. The U.S. Marines on Okinawa said in a statement the helicopter had immediately returned and reported the incident.   We take this report extremely seriously and are investigating the cause of this incident in close coordination with local authorities,  the statement said.  This is a regrettable incident and we apologize for any anxiety it has caused the community,  it said.   The Futenma base is surrounded by schools, hospitals and shops, and residents worry about air crashes. Crime committed by U.S. servicemen has also occasionally angered residents. Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga has led the campaign to get the base off the island, while the central government has proposed moving it to a less populated part of the island called Henoko. A U.S. Marines CH-53E helicopter made an emergency landing and burst into flames in a U.S. military training area in northern Okinawa in October. No one was injured. ",1
12442,"Human Rights Watch calls on Singapore to relax free speech, assembly laws","SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The Singapore government s laws limiting critical speech and peaceful assembly are overly broad and make the country a repressive place severely restricting what can be said and published, Human Rights Watch said on Wednesday. In its first wide-ranging report on Singapore in 12 years, the group called on the government to amend or repeal laws and rules that restrict speech and assembly and drop charges against individuals for peaceful speech and assembly. Singapore s Ministry of Communications and Information did not immediately have a comment on the report. The government has held the position that Singapore s laws and regulations were needed to maintain social order and harmony. The Singapore s attorney-general s office has started contempt of court proceedings against the prime minister s nephew and authorities are prosecuting a prominent human rights activist for organizing assemblies without permit.  Beneath the slick surface of gleaming high-rises, however, it is a repressive place, where the government severely restricts what can be said, published, performed, read, or watched,  the 133-page report said.  Singapore promotes itself as a modern nation and a good place to do business, but people in a country that calls itself a democracy shouldn t be afraid to criticize their government or speak out about political issues,  the group s Deputy Asia Director Phil Robertson said. Human Rights Watch called on the Singapore government to amend or repeal in entirety laws that it said were too broadly worded and used to  arrest, harass, and prosecute critical voices,  including the Sedition Act and the Public Order Act. The report is partly based on interviews with civil society activists, journalists, lawyers, academics and opposition politicians, many of whom declined to be identified  due to fear of possible repercussions,  the group said. Late in November, Singapore authorities charged human rights activist Jolovan Wham for organizing public assemblies without a police permit. In August, the Singapore attorney-general s office began court proceedings against Li Shengwu, the grandson of the country s founder, over a Facebook post in which he said the government is  very litigious and has a pliant court system.  ",1
12443,Japan says it and U.S. share stance pressure needed on North Korea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan and the United States are in  100 percent  agreement that  pressure should be maximized on North Korea over its weapons and nuclear program, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said on Wednesday. Suga, Japan s top government spokesman, said this was a stance they had previously affirmed.  He made the comment when asked about U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s remark that the United States was open to holding direct talks with the rogue state. Tillerson offered on Tuesday to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions, backing away from a key U.S. demand that Pyongyang must first accept that any negotiations would have to be about giving up its nuclear arsenal. ",1
12444,South Korean army says it conducted successful helicopter missile drill,"SEOUL (Reuters) - The South Korean army said on Wednesday it conducted a successful air-to-air missile firing drill from Apache helicopters which was designed to respond to  any provocation from the enemy . It was the first time the South Korean army test-fired Stinger missiles from Apache attack helicopters, which were introduced to the army in May last year, the South s army forces said in a statement. The statement did not mention whether the drill was conducted specifically to address North Korean provocations. ",1
12445,Japan's Constitutional Democrats: a little party with big ambition,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The leader of the small Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan, which out-performed expectations in an October vote, now hopes that by offering clear policy alternatives he can oust Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s coalition in the next election. One key to achieving that ambitious goal, said party founder Yukio Edano, is an economic platform that puts more weight on redistributing wealth, including by raising corporate taxes to push firms to use their cash reserves to raise wages.   Unless we have reasonable redistribution to achieve growth, domestic demand will not expand,  Edano, 53, told Reuters in an interview.   That is a clear difference from the LDP,  he said, referring to the ruling Liberal Democratic Party. The CDPJ was formed less than three weeks before the Oct. 22 election, after the then-main opposition Democratic Party s leader decided not to field candidates and encouraged them to run on Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike s novice conservative party s slate. It grabbed the top opposition spot in the lower house poll, although its 54 seats are dwarfed by the 283 won by Abe s conservative LDP.  Since we are the biggest opposition party, we must aim at a change in government in the next election, or else democracy is not functioning,  said Edano, who said he was surprised by his party s success.   That is our responsibility.  The next general election must be held by October 2021. The CDPJ opposes Abe s proposal to revise Article 9 of Japan s post-war constitution, which bans a standing military but has been interpreted to allow armed forces exclusively for self defence, and unlike the more authoritarian LDP, stresses civil rights rather than obligations to the state. The party appears to have a long way to go, given support at 7.9 percent against 38.1 percent for the LDP in a survey by NHK public broadcaster this week.  Edano s fighting words, however, mark a contrast from the failed Democratic Party s stance in recent polls, when it aimed only to keep Abe s coalition from winning a two-thirds  super majority  rather than ousting it. Edano said he would not repeat the mistakes of the Democrats, which from the start was an amalgam of conservatives, liberals and ex-socialists and ended up being plagued by infighting during its 2009-2012 term in office.  Our positions were clear,  he said, explaining why he thought the CDPJ outperformed opposition rivals.  We must not make our ideas and policies vague just to broaden (the party).  Edano said Abe s biggest defect was his apparent belief that a majority entitled him to do whatever he wanted. Abe, whose support was at 49 percent in the NHK poll, saw his ratings sink this year partly due to perceptions he had grown arrogant.  Democracy doesn t mean you get a blank cheque,  Edano said.    (This version of the story fixes typo in PM s name in first paragraph) ",1
12446,North Korea would not commit to peace talks but 'door ajar': U.N. envoy,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman said on Tuesday that senior North Korean officials did not offer any type of commitment to talks during his visit to Pyongyang last week, but he believes he left  the door ajar.  Feltman, the highest-level U.N. official to visit North Korea since 2011, met with Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho and Vice Minister Pak Myong Guk during a four-day visit that he described as  the most important mission I have ever undertaken.   Time will tell what was the impact of our discussions, but I think we have left the door ajar and I fervently hope that the door to a negotiated solution will now be opened wide,  Feltman told reporters after briefing the U.N. Security Council behind closed doors on his visit.   They need time to digest and consider how they will respond to our message,  he said, adding that he believed Ri would brief North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on their discussions. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered on Tuesday to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions, backing away from U.S. demands that Pyongyang must first accept that any negotiations would have to be about giving up its nuclear arsenal. Feltman said he asked North Korea to signal that it was prepared to consider engagement like possible  talks about talks  and to open  technical channels of communication, such as the military-to-military hotline, to reduce risks, to signal intentions, to prevent misunderstandings and manage any crisis.   They listened seriously to our arguments ... They did not offer any type of commitment to us at that point,  said Feltman.  They agreed it was important to prevent war ... How we do that was the topic of 15-plus hours of discussions.  He said the United Nations could act as a facilitator.  North Korea is pursuing nuclear and missile weapons programs in defiance of U.N. sanctions and international condemnation. On Nov. 29, it test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile which it said was its most advanced yet, capable of reaching the mainland United States.  Feltman described his visit as  constructive and productive  and said the North Koreans agreed to continue a dialogue.   The people who we met listened carefully to our arguments, they explored our thinking, they asked questions, they argued with us, but ultimately they have to take what we said and talk about it internally, talk about it with their leadership,  he said.  ",1
12447,Brazil appeals court schedules early decision on Lula appeal,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - A Brazilian appeals court on Tuesday said it would decide on Jan. 24 on an appeal by former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva against a corruption conviction that could bar him from running in the 2018 presidential race. Despite the conviction and four other charges of corruption, the leftist icon and former labor union leader remains Brazil s most popular politician and is leading early opinion polls ahead of next year s poll. Brazil s benchmark Bovespa stock index rallied on the news, first reported on the website of newspaper Folha de S.Paulo, to close 1.4 percent higher.  Investors had been wary that a delay in the appeals court decision until later next year would give Lula more time to consolidate himself as the front-runner in the campaign, making it harder for judges to bar his candidacy.  Lula s lawyers criticized the  record  speed at which the appeals process was being brought to a decision. If the TRF-4 regional appeals court in Porto Alegre upholds the conviction, Lula can appeal to higher courts, but he would be blacklisted and unable to run for office. A Datafolha survey published on Dec. 2 showed Lula gaining at least 34 percent of the votes if the election were held today, double the support for his nearest rival. It also showed him winning a runoff against likely contenders, Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin, far-right Congressman Jair Bolsonaro or environmentalist Marina Silva. Lula was Brazil s first working-class president and millions of Brazilians were lifted from poverty by social programs introduced during his two terms in office from 2003-2010. His handpicked successor Dilma Rousseff was impeached last year for breaking budget laws, ending 13 years of rule by Lula s Workers Party. Critics say his legacy was Brazil s worst economic recession and its biggest corruption scandal. Lula was sentenced in July to nearly 10 years in jail for accepting 3.7 million reais ($1.1 million) in bribes from an engineering firm in return for help winning public contracts. Prosecutors said the money was spent refurbishing a beach resort apartment for him. In recent months, Lula has toured Brazil as if he were already campaigning, rallying crowds of supporters in rural areas that benefited from his poverty relief programs. But in an interview in August he told Reuters that the conviction might mean his party will have to field a candidate other than him in the Oct. 7 election. ",1
12448,U.S. wary of Putin's declaration of military victory in Syria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is voicing skepticism about Russian President Vladimir Putin s announcement of a major withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria and is arguing that his declaration of victory against Islamic State was premature. Putin, during a surprise visit on Monday to Russia s Hmeymim air base in Syria, declared that the work of Russian forces was largely done in backing the Syrian government against militants in the country s war following the defeat of  the most battle-hardened group of international terrorists.   Still, U.S. officials are challenging the Russian and Syrian portrayal of Syria as a country poised for peace once the final enclaves of the Islamic State militant group, known as ISIS, are recaptured.  Syrian government forces, U.S. officials said, are too few, too poor and too weak to secure the country. Islamic State, and other militants in Syria, have ample opportunity to regroup, especially if the political grievances that drove the conflict remain unresolved, the officials said.  We think the Russian declarations of ISIS  defeat are premature,  a White House National Security Council spokeswoman said.  We have repeatedly seen in recent history that a premature declaration of victory was followed by a failure to consolidate military gains, stabilize the situation, and create the conditions that prevent terrorists from reemerging .   The U.S. military in Syria, which unlike the Russians are operating there without the blessing of Damascus, has long been skeptical of Moscow s announced drawdowns. Marine Major Adrian Rankine-Galloway, a Pentagon spokesman, said the United States had not observed any significant withdrawal since Putin s announcement.  Although he did not predict future moves, he said:  There have been no meaningful reductions in combat troops following Russia s previous announcements planned departures from Syria.  The Washington-based Institute for the Study of War said Moscow s past announcements of pullouts led to a recalibration of Russian forces.   Russia has previously used claims of partial withdrawals in order to rotate out select units for refit-and-repair, remove redundant capabilities, and reinsert alternative weapons systems better suited for the next phase of pro-regime operations,  it wrote in a research note on Tuesday. The U.S. military still has around 2,000 troops in Syria and has announced that any withdrawal will be conditions-based, arguing a longer-term presence of American forces would be needed to ensure Islamic State s lasting defeat.  Russia s announcement, however, suggested a different image of Syria in which foreign forces were becoming unnecessary. After turning the tide of the conflict in Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s favor, Putin wants to help broker a peace deal. A senior Trump administration official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that the United States believed Assad would fail if he attempts to impose  victor s peace.  The odds of Syria breaking into a civil war again would be high without meaningful political reconciliation, the official said. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday stressed the importance of a roadmap for peace, including elections that would allow voting by Syrians overseas who fled to the conflict.   And it is our belief that through that process, the Assad regime will no longer be part of that leadership,  Tillerson said. ",1
12449,Colombian ex-official sentenced to jail for Odebrecht bribes,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - A Colombian judge sentenced a former vice-minister of transport to five years and two months in prison on Tuesday after the ex-official admitted to taking millions of dollars in bribes from Brazilian construction giant Odebrecht. Gabriel Garcia Morales, who served under former President Alvaro Uribe, accepted $6.5 million in pay-offs to help Odebrecht [ODBES.UL] win a 2010 road construction contract valued at over $1 billion, the attorney general s press office told Reuters. Garcia Morales has promised to testify against other public officials who received bribes, the attorney general s office said on Twitter. The Brazilian firm is at the center of one of the largest corruption scandals in Latin America, and has admitted paying bribes from Peru to Panama. Ecuador jailed its vice president over the scandal and last year the company agreed to pay $3.5 billion in settlements in the United States, Brazil and Switzerland. Colombia s attorney general said Odebrecht paid more than $27 million in bribes in the Andean country. One former and one current lawmaker, the former director of the national infrastructure agency, and others have also been arrested in connection with the case. Morales, who was also fined $21,000, was originally sentenced to 10 years but the sentence was reduced because he accepted responsibility.  ",1
12450,"World is losing the battle against climate change, Macron says","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron delivered a bleak assessment on the global fight against climate change to dozens of world leaders and company executives on Tuesday, telling them:  We are losing the battle .  We re not moving quickly enough. We all need to act,  Macron said, seeking to breathe new life into a collective effort that was weakened this summer when President Donald Trump said he was pulling the United States out of an international accord brokered in the French capital two years ago.  Macron, who has worked to establish his role as a global leader since his sweeping election win in May, said modern-day science was revealing with each day the danger that global warming posed to the planet, he said.   We are losing the battle,  he said, urging a new phase in the fight against global warming. France announced a raft of 12 non-binding commitments, from a $300 million pledge to fight desertification to accelerating the transition toward a decarbonized economy. But there was no headline promise likely to reassure poor nations on the sharp end of climate change that they will be better able to cope.     Public and private financial institutions pledged to channel more funds to spur the transition to a green economy and investors said they would pressure corporate giants to shift toward more ecologically friendly strategies. Among the commitments, more than 200 institutional investors with $26 trillion in assets under management said on Tuesday they would step up pressure on the world s biggest corporate greenhouse gas emitters to combat climate change. That, they said, would be more effective than threatening to pull the plug on their investments in companies, which include Coal India (COAL.NS), Gazprom (GAZP.MM), Exxon Mobil (XOM.N) and China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (600028.SS). The European Commission, meanwhile, said it was  looking positively  at plans to reduce capital requirements for environmentally-friendly investments by banks in a bid to boost the green economy. Climate change is causing more frequent and severe flooding, droughts, storms and heatwaves as average global temperatures rise to new records, sea ice melts in the Arctic and sea levels rise.  Developing nations say the rich are lagging with a commitment dating back to 2009 to provide $100 billion a year by 2020 - from public and private sources alike - to help them switch from fossil fuels to greener energy sources and adapt to the effects of climate change. On Tuesday, the European Commission announced 9 billion euros worth of investments targeting sustainable cities, sustainable energy and sustainable agriculture for Africa and EU neighborhood countries. Yet the United Nations Environment Programme says the cost of adapting to climate change in developing countries could rise to between $280 billion and $500 billion per year by 2050.  Despite the hype, the One Planet summit is delivering little for the world s people who are the most vulnerable to climate change,  said Brandon Wu, director of policy and campaigns at ActionAid USA.  Rich countries continue to pretend that new schemes for businessmen to increase their profits will be the center of the solution for the poor.    Macron used the eve of the summit to award 18 grants to foreign climate scientists, most of whom are currently U.S.-based, to come and work in France.  ",1
12451,U.N. envoy told North Korea urgent need to open channels to cut conflict risk," ((This Dec. 9 story corrects year in 2nd paragraph to 2011 from 2012)) By Jane Chung and Michelle Nichols SEOUL/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations political affairs chief told senior North Korean officials during a visit to Pyongyang this week that there was an  urgent need to prevent miscalculations and open channels to reduce the risks of conflict,  the world body said. Jeffrey Feltman, the highest-level U.N. official to visit North Korea since 2011, met with Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho and Vice Minister Pak Myong Guk, the United Nations said in a statement on Saturday after Feltman arrived back in Beijing. Feltman emphasized the need for the full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions and that the international community was committed to achieving a peaceful solution.   He also said there can only be a diplomatic solution to the situation, achieved through a process of sincere dialogue. Time is of the essence,  the United Nations said.  They ... agreed that the current situation was the most tense and dangerous peace and security issue in the world today.  North Korea is pursuing nuclear and missile weapons programs in defiance of U.N. sanctions and international condemnation. On Nov. 29, it test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile which it said was its most advanced yet, capable of reaching the mainland United States. North Korea said in a statement carried by its official KCNA news agency that expressed willingness to ease tension on the Korean peninsula and acknowledged the negative impact of sanctions on humanitarian aid to North Korea.  The United Nations expressed concerns over the heightened situation on the Korean peninsula and expressed willingness to work on easing tensions on the Korean peninsula in accordance with the U.N. Charter which is based on international peace and security,  KCNA said. KCNA said North Korean officials and Feltman agreed that his visit helped deepen understanding and that they agreed to communicate regularly.  Feltman did not speak to reporters upon arriving back from Pyongyang at Beijing airport on Saturday morning after spending four days in North Korea.  Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said the situation on the Korean peninsula had entered a vicious circle of shows of strength and confrontation, and the outlook was not optimistic, China s Foreign Ministry said in a statement.  But at the same time it can be seen that hopes for peace have yet to extinguished. The prospects for negotiations still exist, and the option of resorting to force cannot be accepted,  Wang was quoted as saying.  The United States and South Korea conducted large-scale military drills this week, which the North said have made the outbreak of war  an established fact . Last month s missile test prompted a U.S. warning that North Korea s leadership would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out. The Pentagon has mounted repeated shows of force after North Korean tests.  North Korea regularly threatens to destroy South Korea and the United States and says its weapons programs are necessary to counter U.S. aggression. The United States stations 28,500 troops in the South, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War. ",1
12452,U.S. aid chief says no sign Yemen port blockade easing to allow aid in,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - There are no signs that a blockade of Yemen s ports by a Saudi-led military coalition has eased to allow aid to reach communities increasingly at risk of starvation, the head of the U.S. government s aid agency said on Tuesday. USAID administrator Mark Green called on the Saudi-led military coalition to open Yemen s ports and for Yemen s Houthis to cease firing to allow food and medical supplies to flow to tens of thousands of Yemenis caught in the fighting. Green was speaking after the U.S. announced another $130 million in emergency food aid for Yemen, bringing U.S. assistance to nearly $768 million since October 2016. The new funds includes nearly $84 million in U.S. food aid and $46 million in emergency disaster assistance.  Unfortunately I can t tell you there has been an easing of the blockade,  Green told Reuters.  We re trying to signal with this announcement that we re ready to respond to this humanitarian catastrophe.  Green said he was  deeply concerned on so many fronts  about the crisis in Yemen, but in particular the failure to get fuel into the country so people have access to clean water.  That means a number of communities are either without clean water or will be very shortly, and in both cases that is a terrible concern from the cholera perspective and the survival perspective,  he added. The U.N. s coordinator for Yemen, Jamie McGoldrick, said on Monday the blockade has been eased but the situation remained dire with some 8.4 million people  a step away from famine  in Yemen. A Saudi-led military coalition fighting the Iran-aligned Houthi movement blockaded ports last month after a missile was fired toward Riyadh. Washington last week warned Saudi Arabia that concern in Congress over the humanitarian situation in Yemen could affect U.S. assistance to allies in the Saudi-led coalition, including the U.S. refueling of coalition jets and some intelligence sharing. ",1
12453,U.N. official's visit to North Korea sparks hope of mediation role," ((This Dec. 5 story corrects year in 2nd paragraph to 2011 from 2012)) By Michelle Nichols and David Brunnstrom UNITED NATIONS/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - United Nations political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman arrived in North Korea on Tuesday for a rare visit that some analysts and diplomats hope could spark a U.N.-led effort to defuse rising tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs. The former senior U.S. State Department official is the highest-level U.N. official to visit North Korea since 2011. During a four-day visit he is due to meet Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho to discuss  issues of mutual interest and concern.   This is broadly a policy dialogue with (North Korea). I think we have to wait and see what comes out,  U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric told reporters on Tuesday.  All key member states ... were informed and briefed of the visit.   U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told Russia, Japan, the United States, China and North and South Korea in August he was available to help broker talks. So-called six-party talks on North Korea s nuclear program stalled in 2008. A U.N. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, described expectations for Feltman s visit as  modest and high at the same time, meaning that they depend on what our hosts are thinking as well.   We need to find a way to scale back tensions,  the official said.  I don t think we will have a major breakthrough being announced at the end of this trip. But the visit could serve as a step to build a framework for engagement.  Suzanne DiMaggio of the New America Foundation think tank, a participant in recent unofficial talks with North Korea, said Feltman could propose during his visit to Pyongyang that Guterres play a mediation role.  I do think that the Trump administration would like to explore talks about talks at this stage. I think the North Koreans are assessing the timing of when to do that,  she told a  seminar in Washington on North Korea.  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said Feltman was not traveling on behalf of the U.S. government.  And he s not traveling - I want to make this clear - with any kind of message from the U.S. government ... He s going on behalf of the U.N., not the U.S. government,  she told a regular news briefing. Nauert said Washington remained open to talks if North Korea showed it was serious about giving up its nuclear weapons, but added:  The activities they have been engaged in recently have shown that they are not interested, they are not serious about sitting down and having conversations.   North Korea has been working to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of reaching the United States in defiance of U.N. sanctions. It conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test in September and last week tested a missile capable of reaching anywhere in America.  Feltman told the 15-member Security Council last week that its unity  creates an opportunity for sustained diplomatic engagement   an opportunity that must be seized in these dangerous times to seek off-ramps and work to create conditions for negotiations.  In September, Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia urged a return to dialogue, including  by leveraging mediation efforts  by Guterres.  Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov said on Tuesday that Pyongyang was seeking dialogue with Washington on its nuclear program, according to RIA news agency. Morgulov, at a conference in Berlin, was quoted as saying Russia had communication channels with North Korea open and was ready to exert its influence on Pyongyang. Sweden s Deputy U.N. Ambassador Carl Skau told reporters he hoped Guterres could mediate in  probably the largest threat to international peace and security at the moment.  Britain s Deputy U.N. Ambassador Jonathan Allen said Feltman had  our backing and I think he goes to represent the U.N. family as a whole.  ",1
12454,Egyptian singer jailed over video inciting debauchery,"CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian court jailed a little-known singer for two years on Tuesday for inciting debauchery, judicial sources said, after she appeared in a music video in her underwear and suggestively eating a banana. Shyma s song, titled  I have issues , sparked controversy on social media in the conservative country.  The singer, who was fined 10,000 Egyptian pounds ($560), can appeal the verdict to a higher court.  The director of the video was also fined and sentenced to two years in prison, but in absentia. Both defendants were accused of inciting debauchery and producing a video harming public morality. Shyma, whose real name is Shaimaa Ahmed, was arrested on Nov. 18 before being referred to the prosecution for investigation. She denied the accusations, saying the director included the controversial scenes without her consent. Tens of young Egyptians were arrested in September for attending a concert in Cairo where a rainbow flag was raised. They were also accused of debauchery, harming public morality and other accusations. ",1
12455,"U.N. envoy urges Security Council to visit Myanmar, Bangladesh","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A top U.N. official recounted to the Security Council on Tuesday  heartbreaking and horrific accounts of sexual atrocities  by Myanmar soldiers against Rohingya Muslim women, urging the body to visit the region and demand an end to attacks on civilians.  Pramila Patten, special envoy of U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on sexual violence in conflict, said one woman told her she was held by Myanmar troops for 45 days and raped repeatedly, while another woman could no longer see out of one eye after it was bitten by a soldier during a sexual assault.  Some witnesses reported women and girls being tied to either a rock or a tree before multiple soldiers raped them to death,  Patten told the Security Council.   Some women recounted how soldiers drowned babies in the village well. A few women told me how their own babies were allegedly thrown in the fire as they were dragged away by soldiers and gang raped,  she said.  Patten said the 15-member Security Council should visit Myanmar - also known as Burma - and Cox s Bazar in Bangladesh, where more than 626,000 refugees have fled to since violence erupted in Myanmar s northern Rakhine State on Aug. 25.  She said that a Security Council resolution demanding an immediate end to violations against civilians in Rakhine state and outlining measures to hold the perpetrators accountable  would send an important signal.  Myanmar s army released a report last month denying all allegations of rapes and killings by security forces.  This is unacceptable,  said U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley.  Burma must allow an independent, transparent and credible investigation into what has happened.   While we are hearing promises from the government of Burma, we need to see action,  she said.     Myanmar has been stung by international criticism for the way its security forces responded to Aug. 25 attacks by Rohingya militants on 30 security posts. Last month the Security Council urged the Myanmar government to  ensure no further excessive use of military force in Rakhine state.  China s Deputy U.N. Ambassador Wu Haitao said the crisis had to be solved through an agreement between Myanmar and Bangladesh and warned that any solution  reached under strong pressure from outside may ease the situation temporarily but will leave negative after effects.   The two countries signed an agreement on voluntary repatriation Nov. 23. U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman pushed on Tuesday for the United Nations to be involved in any operation to return Rohingya.   Plans alone are not sufficient. We hope Myanmar will draw upon the wealth of expertise the U.N. can offer,  Feltman told the Security Council.  ",1
12456,Tillerson says U.S. willing to talk to North Korea without pre-condition,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Tuesday that the United States was willing to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions, appearing to back away from U.S. demands that Pyongyang first accept that any negotiations would have to be based on North Korean disarmament.  Let s just meet,  Tillerson said in a speech to a Washington think tank, offering a new diplomatic opening amid heightened tensions over North Korea s weapons advances.  We can talk about the weather if you want. We can talk about whether it s going to be a square table or a round table.  Then we can begin to lay out a map, a road map, of what we might be willing to work towards,  Tillerson said, suggesting that any initial contacts would be about setting the ground rules for formal negotiations. ",1
12457,"Mexico's presidential front-runner vows more welfare, formalizes bid","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican front-runner for next year s election, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, formalized his bid for the presidency on Tuesday and promised his government would spend on the young, elderly and farmers.  Left-winger Lopez Obrador, who had a 12-point lead in one recent poll, wants to significantly change Mexico s approach to the economy, security and education, vowing more support for the poorest but without new taxes or higher debt levels. He promised cheap fertilizer and fixed produce prices for farmers with a goal of making Mexico self-sufficient in food. He also offered paid apprenticeships for unemployed youth, grants for students and higher pensions for the elderly  - expanding on popular welfare programs introduced when he governed Mexico City.  A win by the 64-year-old self-declared nationalist on July 1 could reverse a Latin American trend toward right-leaning governments and set the stage for friction with U.S. President Donald Trump over his anti-migrant language and policies.  Lopez Obrador promised friendly ties with the U.S. government but said he would not accept  racist, hegemonic or arrogant attitudes.      He also proposed a shakeup of government, saying he would move more than a dozen ministries and federal bodies including state oil company Pemex from the capital to regional towns.  The federal government will be decentralized,  Lopez Obrador said, in a speech in the capital after registering his intention to run for his National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) party. He also promised not to increase fuel prices.   In the clearest language yet, he repeated his intention to consult with victims of drug crime about the possibility of offering amnesty to criminals who commit to rehabilitation.  The only aim, there is no other, is to explore all the possibilities to curb the violence and guarantee peace for the people of Mexico,  he said. A poll this week found that two-thirds of Mexicans rejected the idea of amnesty, in a country on track for its deadliest year in modern history with nearly 21,000 murders through October.  Lopez Obrador, who has unsuccessfully run for the presidency twice before, will likely face Jose Antonio Meade, running for the ruling party, and Ricardo Anaya, who heads a left-right coalition of opposition parties.  He did not say how he would finance his spending plans, but in the past has said all new spending would be funded by ending government corruption and waste.  (This story has been refiled to add Meade s full name, paragraph 11)  ",1
12458,New Polish PM: must defend national interest in debate on EU future,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland should defend its national identity and interests at a time when the European Union is debating its own future, the country s new Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki told parliament on Tuesday. Warsaw has grown increasingly isolated in the European Union since the Law and Justice party (PiS) won power two years ago. Critics say its efforts to assert control over the courts and public media have subverted democratic standards. Morawiecki, 49, was named prime minister last week in a government reshuffle, replacing Beata Szydlo as the PiS party gears up for elections over the next three years. Morawiecki said Warsaw s economic policy - based on generous public spending and a growing focus on domestic capital instead of foreign investment - should not change. Echoing the eurosceptic PiS s calls for more say in Brussels  policy-making for national governments, Morawiecki said Polish  sovereignty and tradition should be used in defending national interests .  The future of the European project is being decided now,  Morawiecki told deputies.  Poland fits perfectly into the European puzzle, but it cannot be forced in incorrectly. By doing so, you will destroy both the puzzle and the piece,  the former bank executive said. Britain s decision to leave the bloc has also meant that Poland lost an important ally in its calls to curb further EU integration, while the election of French President Emmanuel Macron has fanned new fears in Warsaw of losing influence. Morawiecki said Poland would oppose the idea of a multi-speed Europe, which Macron supports but which countries in the EU s east fear would mean deeper cooperation in the West at the expense of the bloc s single market.  We don t want further divisions ... we oppose splitting of Europe between those are who better and those who are inferior.  Morawiecki said he  wholeheartedly  supported PiS s overhaul of the judiciary, approved by the lower house of parliament on Friday despite the European Union s reservations. EU officials say the legislation, which gives lawmakers de facto control over the selection of judges, will threaten the impartiality of the courts. Addressing economic policy, Morawiecki said Poland should strive to find a  golden middle  between a lean state  which abandons its citizens and a bureaucracy. We don t want either.   Our national sovereignty and tradition are an advantage in efforts to modernise Poland, not a burden, as some are trying to tell us,  he said. PiS  has gained in popularity since becoming the first in post-communist Poland to govern without a coalition. It has benefited from fast economic growth, record low unemployment, generous welfare and an increased emphasis on traditional Catholic values in public life. However, private investment remains weak, with economists saying companies are reluctant to spend amid uncertainty over taxation and the government s influence over the economy. Morawiecki, who as finance minister was also responsible for economic development policy before his appointment as prime minister, has long called for a greater role for domestic capital in the economy. Parliament is due to hold a vote of confidence on Morawiecki and his cabinet overnight. ",1
12459,'We are one': Palestinian Christians and Muslims unite against Trump's Jerusalem call,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Less than an hour after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, Palestinians protested by turning off the lights on the Christmas tree outside Bethlehem s Church of the Nativity, the traditional birthplace of Jesus. It was a timely reminder that while headlines focused on Islamist calls for uprisings and Trump s references to Jewish historical ties, the president s words also stirred deep feelings among the Palestinians  small Christian community. Coming out of the Sunday service in his Assyrian Catholic church in Jerusalem, Fredrick Hazo accused Trump of  dragging all the world into trouble , and called on the U.S. leader to reverse his decision.  We are united - Christians, Muslims, we are one,  said the 59-year-old Palestinian musician, standing in an alley in the heart of the Old City, surrounded by shops selling religious trinkets. He was frustrated by the politics, but confident the delicate balance the three faiths kept in the holy city would prevail.  In this sacred place, God is protecting us all. We are guarded by his angels in Jerusalem,  Hazo added. Christians make up around just one percent of the Palestinian population in Gaza, the West Bank and East Jerusalem - though they punch above their weight in local and national politics.    Back in July, Hazo protested alongside Muslims against Israel s installation of security scanners at the nearby al-Aqsa mosque - Islam s third holiest site - after two Arab-Israeli gunmen shot dead two Israeli police officers at the site.  It removed the metal detectors after days of bloody clashes, scenes that have not been repeated in the city since Trump s declaration. The appeals to religious unity inside Jerusalem s walls stand in contrast to the more divided voices outside. In the hours running up to Trump s statement, Pope Francis called for the status quo in the city to be respected. The Episcopal Church of the United States said Trump s announcement  could have profound ramifications on the peace process and the future of a two-state solution . But Trump s decision found strong backing from another corner of the Christian community - many among his own country s politically powerful evangelicals who see God s hand in the modern-day return of Jews to a biblical homeland. Trump convened a circle of evangelical advisers during his presidential bid, and he was the overwhelming favorite of white evangelical voters in last year s U.S. election.   We are all bible-believers and we believe that this is the bible-land and that Jerusalem is the ancient capital of Israel back to the days of King David,  said Dallas-based Mike Evans, part of an evangelical group that met Trump on Monday.  So for our president to stand up and declare it makes us extremely proud and honored.  For Palestinian supermarket cashier Mohammed al-Hawa, however, Trump s words and the logic behind them ignored the more complex reality on the ground. People of all faith in Jerusalem were united in prayer, the 33-year-old said, even if they were divided over politics.  Christians, Jews and Muslims live in this city together. There is no problem between them. Only the politics. The governments want to make wars,  he said.  This is my city - my blood, my life,  added a 70-year-old Palestinian, walking through the pilgrim-packed courtyard of Jerusalem s Church of the Holy Sepulchre, revered by Christians as the site of Jesus s tomb. The church is packed into a small parcel of land that also holds the al-Aqsa compound and Judaism s Western Wall  I can go to the church, to anywhere in Jerusalem, not Trump nor Netanyahu can stop me,  added the man who identified himself only as a  Jerusalemite .  ",1
12460,U.S. to ease visa restrictions on Gambia from Dec. 12,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday that visa restrictions imposed on Gambia earlier this year will be lifted as of Dec. 12 after Banjul took steps to ensure its citizens ordered to leave the United States are re-admitted to the West African country. ,1
12461,Venezuela to start criminal probe into ex-oil czar Ramirez,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela said on Tuesday it would start a criminal investigation into powerful former oil czar Rafael Ramirez, in an escalation of a purge of alleged corruption that has resulted in the arrest of dozens of oil executives.  President Nicolas Maduro and Ramirez have long been rivals in the OPEC nation s ruling Socialist Party.  Insiders say tensions between the two politicians have spiked in recent weeks after Ramirez wrote articles criticizing the leftist leader s management of Venezuela s tanking economy and crumbling oil industry, home to the world s largest crude reserves.  Maduro, who is seeking to consolidate power ahead of next year s presidential election, last month stripped Ramirez of his most recent job as Venezuela s representative at the United Nations in New York. Ramirez, a former oil minister and head of state oil company PDVSA [PDVSA.UL], then left the United States for an undisclosed location last week.  On Tuesday, state prosecutor Tarek Saab accused Ramirez of being involved in the  brokering  of oil sales together with his cousin Diego Salazar, who was arrested this month in Caracas.  In one of the documents that was found, the citizen Diego Salazar, who is Rafael Ramirez  cousin, directly signals him, incriminates him directly as his direct partner,  Saab told journalists. He did not provide evidence.  It was unclear what Ramirez, who did not respond to a request for comment, would do next. He has denied involvement in corruption, and recently told Reuters that the government would make one of its  worst political moves  if investigators target him.     Opposition critics say the recent spate of arrests is arbitrary and motivated by internal divisions in the government. They insist that Maduro has turned a blind eye to corruption when it was politically expedient to do so.  Last year, the opposition-led Congress said $11 billion went missing at PDVSA between 2004 and 2014, when Ramirez was in charge of the company. Prosecutor Saab has refuted accusations that investigations are politically motivated. He pointed to the arrests of some 67 oil managers, including two former executives who had both served as oil minister and PDVSA president, as proof of the seriousness of the probe.       Last month, Maduro appointed a National Guard major general with no known significant experience of the oil industry to lead PDVSA, sparking fears by industry analysts that mismanagement would increase. ",1
12462,Lafarge paid 13 million euros to armed groups to keep operating in Syria: rights group,"PARIS (Reuters) - French cement group Lafarge paid close to 13 million euros ($15.2 million) to armed groups including Islamic State militants to keep operating in Syria from 2011-2015, human rights lawyers said on Tuesday. They were speaking at a news conference on the course of French prosecutors  preliminary inquiry into Lafarge s operations launched in June on suspicion of  financing of a terrorist enterprise . The lawyers for rights group Sherpa said a large part of the money went directly or indirectly into the pockets of Islamic State and that payments lasted until well after the closure of Lafarge s Jalabiya plant in September 2014. They were citing a figure pinpointed by prosecutors examining Lafarge s activities in Syria, in the throes of civil war since 2011, and drawn from an internal report by U.S. law firm Baker and McKenzie for Lafarge.  As part of the inquiry, the precise figure retained is 12,946,000 euros paid by Lafarge between 2011 and 2015 to terrorist organizations, including the Islamic State,  Sherpa lawyer Marie Dose said. Lafarge became LafargeHolcim, the world s largest cement maker, in 2015 after a takeover by Swiss Holcim.  Former LafargeHolcim CEO Eric Olsen resigned in April after the company admitted it had paid armed groups to keep a factory operating in Syria. His lawyer has said Olsen will appeal against being put under investigation. Sherpa and other human rights groups in France as well as the French Finance Ministry have filed suit against Lafarge. Sherpa wants the company to be placed under formal criminal investigation, like Olsen, and also accuses Lafarge of not cooperating with authorities and trying to hide important elements from the investigation. A LafargeHolcim spokeswoman on Tuesday rejected these accusations but would not comment on the 13-million-euro figure.  LafargeHolcim fully cooperates with the justice (authorities). Thousands of documents have been given by the group to magistrates or seized during a search,  she said.  We strongly contest that the company is trying in any way  to limit the right of its employees or former employees to defend themselves...or (limit) their capacity to cooperate in a judicial inquiry,  she added. Being placed under formal investigation in France means that prosecutors believe they have  serious or consistent evidence  that could result in prosecution. It is a step toward a possible trial, though the investigation can still be dropped. Last Friday the Paris prosecutor also placed Olsen s predecessor as CEO, Bruno Lafont, and his ex-deputy for operations under formal investigation as part of the inquiry into Lafarge activities in Syria, the two men s lawyers said. ",1
12463,Vietnam prosecutes former state rubber firm chairman amid corruption crackdown,"HANOI (Reuters) - A former chairman of state-run Vietnam Rubber Group (VRG) and four other officials from its units have been issued with prosecution and probation orders for alleged violations of state rules, Vietnamese police said on Tuesday. Communist Vietnam is in the middle of a sweeping corruption crackdown at state firms, banks and provinces, in a campaign that made global headlines this year when Germany accused the country of kidnapping a Vietnamese businessman in Berlin. Le Quang Thung, a former chairman of VRG, and four other officials including one current head accountant at VRG units were accused of deliberately acting against state regulations on economic management, police said on its website. Representatives from the company could not be reached for comment. Police said they are expanding investigations into alleged violations at VRG, two of its subsidiaries and related parties. Ho Chi Minh City-based VRG is the biggest state firm in the rubber industry. ",1
12464,"EU pushes to curb Africa migration more, still split on hosting refugees","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders will discuss how to further curb immigration from across the Mediterranean over dinner on Thursday, but are as divided as ever on how to take care of refugees who still make it to Europe. Their chairman, Donald Tusk, proposed creating a new financing tool in the bloc s next multi-year budget from 2021 to  stem illegal migration , replacing the ad hoc calls for money that EU states have seen since arrivals peaked in 2015. Despite heavy criticism by human rights groups that it is aggravating the suffering of refugees and migrants on the southern shore of the Mediterranean, the EU is sticking to its policy of providing various kinds of assistance to the governments and U.N. agencies in the Middle East and Africa in order to prevent people making the trek north. While implementing these plans in some places, notably the lawless Libya, is proving difficult, all EU states and institutions in Brussels agree on the approach. However, the question of how to handle refugees who have made it to the EU is as divisive now as it was two years ago. Italy, Greece and other frontline states on the Mediterranean, as well as the rich destination countries such as Germany, want all member states to be obliged to take in a set allocation of asylum-seekers. But several eastern ex-communist EU members reject mandatory quotas, saying accepting Muslim refugees would undermine their sovereignty and security, and the homogeneous makeup of their societies.  They want to help instead with money, equipment and personnel for controlling the bloc s frontiers. The Commission is already suing Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic for failing to take in their allotment of asylum-seekers from the peak of the EU s migrant crisis in 2015. Recent proposals for future solutions go in opposite directions, giving little hope of a deal by the target date of June. The bloc s current chair Estonia suggested sticking to the obligatory scheme when immigration is extremely high, but adding some flexibility by legislating that the receiving and sending states must agree on any relocation. That plan has been quickly dismissed as a non-starter by diplomats from several EU states. The bloc s executive, the European Commission, proposed that the bloc approve compulsory and automatic relocation for times of mass immigration, but rely on voluntary help in normal circumstances. The European Parliament wants mandatory relocation at all times, regardless of migratory pressures. But now Tusk himself has also come out against quotas, telling EU leaders in a note that they had proven  highly divisive  and  ineffective .  The Commission s migration chief, Dimitris Avramopoulos, told a news conference on Tuesday that Tusk s paper was  undermining one of the main pillars of the European project - the principle of solidarity . For now, immigration figures remain so low compared to the peak of 2015-2016 that the public pressure on EU leaders to come up with a quick fix has eased. That could yet change, however, with Italy s parliamentary election next spring, coinciding with the start of a new migration season. Germany, currently consumed with trying to form a new government, has long suggested that if no consensus can be reached, an asylum reform could be passed by majority vote - something that would inevitably deepen the divisions and mistrust between member states. ",1
12465,"Albania plans ambitious road revamp, energy market","TIRANA (Reuters) - Albania will upgrade its road network with one billion euros from private capital over the next four years, and it plans to open an energy exchange in early 2019, an official said. Economic projections show businesses can build the roads first and be repaid over 12 years, Damian Gjiknuri, the infrastructure and energy minister, told Reuters on Tuesday.  One of Europe s poorest countries, Albania has built highways to its major towns and ports, but clogged two-lane roads make up the rest of its system. Gjiknuri said the country wants to build high-speed roads of European standards linking areas with tourism or industrial potential, bringing closer its towns and its Balkan neighbors.  The financing will come from the budget revenue under a normal scenario of economic growth. We do not see big risks affecting the normal growth of Albania,  Gjiknuri said.  These investment will be spread over time, up to 12 years for the payments to be made, but the infrastructure will be ready in three years, four at the most,  he added. Albania s gross domestic product is forecast to grow around four percent in 2017. Its 2018 budget projects four percent growth in 2018 and a decline in public debt by 2.5 percentage points to 68.6 percent of GDP. Similar or higher growth rates are expected in the medium term. The International Monetary Fund has cautioned the government over the way it will account for the debt, spreading it over years rather than treating it as a lump sum at the time a contract is issued.         The other alternative would be to wait until we have all the money, but that means stagnation,  Gjiknuri said. Under the plan, businesses would build roads - those with a feasibility study would get a bonus - and pay the cost. The state would repay them in 10 to 12 years. Sitting between Montenegro and Greece, Albania hopes to build a Blue Highway, linking it to Croatia via Montenegro. A European Union grant is being used for a feasibility study.  A net importer of energy, Albania has written a draft law to create an energy market. Parliament is expected to approve the bill this year or early in 2018. Gjiknuri said Nord Pool Consulting is now advising Albania establishing the market. Neighboring Kosovo and possibly a foreign company may join it.   Our goal is to create a liquid private market in order to stimulate not just the trading but also the production of electrical power,  Gjiknuri said.  To be an optimist, I think it will start working early in 2019. That is our strategic objective,  Gjiknuri said. ",1
12466,Iran upholds death sentence for Iranian academic with Swedish residency,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s Supreme Court has upheld a death sentence against an Iranian academic with Swedish residency convicted of espionage, Amnesty International and his family said on Tuesday. Ahmadreza Djalali, a doctor and lecturer at the Karolinska Institute, a Stockholm medical university, was accused of providing information to Israel to help it assassinate several senior nuclear scientists. Djalali was arrested in Iran in April 2016 and later convicted of espionage. He denied the charges, Amnesty said.  At least four scientists were killed between 2010 and 2012 in what Tehran said was a program of assassinations meant to sabotage its efforts to develop nuclear energy. Western powers and Israel said Iran aimed to build a nuclear bomb. Tehran denied this. The Islamic Republic hanged a man in 2012 over the killings, saying he had links to Israel. Djalali s lawyers were told on Saturday that the Supreme Court had considered his case and upheld his Oct. 24 sentence in a secret process without allowing them to file defense submissions, London-based Amnesty said.  This is not only a shocking assault on the right to a fair trial but is also in utter disregard for Ahmadreza Djalali s right to life,  Magdalena Mughrabi, Amnesty s deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa, said in a statement. Vida Mehrannia, Djalali s wife, said the whole family were in shock at the decision and that they had informed the Swedish government about the latest development in the case.  The judicial process was not fair and legal from the beginning. None of the court sessions was held in public and the interrogators imposed their decision on the judges,  she told Reuters by telephone from Stockholm. The Iranian judiciary could not be reached for comment.  Amnesty said in October that the court verdict against Djalali stated he had worked with the Israeli government which then helped him obtain a Swedish residency permit. Djalali was on a business trip to Iran when he was arrested and sent to Evin prison. He was held in solitary confinement for three months of his detention and tortured, Amnesty said.  It said Djalali wrote a letter inside Evin last August stating he was being held for refusing to spy for Iran. Sweden condemned the sentence in October and said it had raised the matter with Iranian envoys in Stockholm and Tehran. Seventy-five Nobel prize laureates petitioned Iranian authorities last month to release Djalali so he could  continue his scholarly work for the benefit of mankind . They said Djalali has suggested it was his refusal to work for Iranian intelligence services that led to this  unfair, flawed trial . The United Nations and international human rights organizations regularly list Iran as a country with one of the world s highest execution rates. Rights groups have criticized Iran for its regular resort to capital punishment. ",1
12467,"Poland's new PM voices backing for nuclear, green energy in future","WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland will remain reliant on coal for power generation for now but in future should consider turning to nuclear energy and renewable sources, the new prime minister said on Tuesday in his first policy speech. Mateusz Morawiecki, a Western-educated former banker fluent in German and English, was sworn in on Monday, replacing Beata Szydlo, a coalminer s daughter, who had promised to keep mining jobs when the industry struggled to survive in 2015. Morawiecki s did not signal a major departure for now from the pro-coal policies of his ruling Law and Justice Party (PiS), but his comments did suggest the government could give a push to a much-delayed plan to build Poland s first nuclear power plant.  Today coal is the basis of our energy industry and we cannot and do not want to give it up,  Morawiecki said.  For our future generations, I would also like alternative energy sources to develop freely in Poland. Our task is to guarantee Poland the energy independence at low carbon emissions and this is why we look favorably at nuclear energy,  he said. He also said the nation should consider renewable power sources. A project to build a nuclear power plant was announced in 2009, but has been hit by several delays, with financing posing one of the main obstacles. Energy Minister Krzysztof Tchorzewski has been pushing to build the nuclear plant but needs cabinet approval for a renewed push. Morawiecki may have given those plans a boost. PiS has long championed Poland s use of coal, a fuel that is falling out of favor in a global push to cut greenhouse gases. But global pressures to shift away from coal and Poland s shrinking deposits are encouraging the country to consider its future plans for power generation, analysts say. ",1
12468,EU readies 'David Davis-proof' Brexit summit,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union plays down talk by Britain s Brexit minister that last week s interim accord is not binding and will launch new talks on Friday that are  David Davis-proof , a senior EU official said. The comment on Tuesday followed Brexit Secretary Davis s weekend remark that outline divorce terms were more a  statement of intent  than legally binding. The EU official told reporters that EU leaders meeting on Friday will ram home in guidelines to their negotiator that Britain must honor its agreements so far if it wants to discuss the future free trade treaty it wants. Davis himself pledged to convert last Friday s deal into  legal text  as soon as possible after he spoke to the European Parliament s Brexit point man. Guy Verhofstadt branded Davis s earlier comment  unhelpful  and said that what the EU executive calls a gentleman s agreement must be made legal. British and EU officials said that would mean agreeing the formal withdrawal treaty within the coming year so that it can be ratified by their parliaments before Brexit in March 2019. Davis s EU counterpart, Michel Barnier, said he aimed in the new year to present a draft of a withdrawal treaty that would reflect the accords struck with Prime Minister Theresa May last week on settling financial obligations, the rights of expatriate citizens and ensuring no  hard  EU border with Northern Ireland. Adding to the debate over how far London is bound by May s deal, Barnier insisted there should be  no backtracking  if London is to have the trade negotiations it so much wants.  That is spelled out in legal language in the negotiating guidelines which leaders are expected to approve on Friday after May has left the summit:  Negotiations in the second phase can only progress as long as all commitments undertaken during the first phase are respected in full and translated faithfully into legal terms as quickly as possible,  the draft guidelines read. That, the senior EU official said, made clear there could be no going back, as Davis had implied might be possible:  The guidelines are David Davis-proof,  the official said. Guidelines were sent by summit chair Donald Tusk to the 27 other national leaders on Friday. They were little changed when their aides met on Monday to prepare the meeting, principally to spell out more clearly the timing of the next steps in the process and to emphasize continuing obligations on London. An intention to start negotiating a transition period from Brexit to a future trade pact early in 2018 now includes a plan to be able to launch talks in January. The new draft makes clearer that talks on what happens after transition will start only after further guidelines are agreed in March. Tusk, in his formal letter on Tuesday inviting leaders to the summit, warned there was no time to lose and highlighted a gnawing concern in Brussels that keeping divergent interests among the 27 in check may be much harder when it comes to a free trade treaty than it has been in settling Britain s divorce.  This will be a furious race against time, where again our unity will be key,  Tusk wrote.  And the experience so far has shown that unity is a sine qua non of an orderly Brexit.  EU officials expect relatively straightforward talks on the transition period, given British desire for a quick deal and EU insistence that it be as simple as possible; essentially Britain will retain all its obligations as an EU member, as well as many of its rights   except, crucially, any say over EU decisions. Starting trade talks will require, first, more information from May on what future deal she wants. Davis spoke at the weekend of a free trade pact similar to but better than one the EU concluded last year with Canada    Canada Plus Plus Plus . But it will also require hard bargaining among the 27, who have very different relationships and interests with Britain. ",1
12469,'Fierce and formidable' Dlamini-Zuma eyes South Africa's presidency,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma is a fierce campaigner against racial inequality whose hostility to big business has rattled investors in South Africa. She is also one of two front runners to be the country s next president. The 68-year-old is vying to succeed her ex-husband, President Jacob Zuma, as leader of the ruling African National Congress at a party vote this weekend, an outcome that would make her favourite for the presidency after a parliamentary election due in 2019. A medical doctor and former chair of the Commission of the African Union, a pan-continental grouping, Dlamini-Zuma has pledged during her campaign to  radically  tackle the racial inequality that persists in South Africa 23 years after the end of white minority rule. Backers of her main rival, Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, say she is peddling populist rhetoric and would rule in the mould of her former husband, whose decade in power has been plagued by corruption scandals. Dlamini-Zuma declined to be interviewed for this story. The choice between Dlamini-Zuma and Ramaphosa will influence South Africa s economic policy trajectory, as well the country s role in Africa and beyond. Investors are worried by Dlamini-Zuma s hostility towards international companies, which she says form part of a  white monopoly capital  cabal dominating South Africa s wealth.  A Dlamini-Zuma victory would signal a sharp rhetorical shift towards more leftist economic policy,  said John Ashbourne, an Africa-focused economist at Capital Economics.  A further credit ratings downgrade would be almost inevitable.  Yet Dlamini-Zuma s supporters point to a commitment to changing the lives of South Africa s black majority. Lynne Jones, a psychiatrist and author who lived with Dlamini-Zuma when they were students together in the English city of Bristol in the 1970s, says her determination to fight injustice is rooted in her own personal story. Jones remembers a day four decades ago when Dlamini-Zuma lay on her bed and wept after being forced to miss her brother s funeral because the apartheid-era security services had hounded her out of South Africa.  She was fiercely intelligent and determined,  said Jones.  Here was someone who had put their whole life on the line and given up home and family for what they believed. It was eye-opening.  The race between Ramaphosa, a unionist-turned-millionaire businessman, and Dlamini-Zuma is too close to call, political analysts say. Her campaign team told Reuters in written comments it was confident she would be elected ANC leader. Ramaphosa, who is popular among swathes of the ANC disillusioned with Zuma, is promising to end corruption, boost a flatlining economy and deliver jobs to the poor in a country where more than a quarter of the population is unemployed. Dlamini-Zuma, by contrast, is an African nationalist and has the support of the influential ANC youth and women s leagues, which both tend to support socialist policies. Known for her fierce temper and hostility towards the West, she was described in one 2001 U.S. diplomatic cable on WikiLeaks as a  truculent and petulant foreign minister . Another cable to Washington suggested she could be charming.  Belying her reputation as fierce and formidable, the Minister was soft spoken and smiling in this meeting - articulate but gentle, candid but warm,  Donald Gips, then U.S. ambassador to South Africa, wrote in 2010.     The most common criticism of Dlamini-Zuma is that she is beholden to Zuma and his powerful patronage network. Zuma has publicly endorsed her.  She is bold and you can t fool her. She is someone you can trust,  Zuma told a rally recently.     The couple met in Swaziland in the 1980s, when they were both in the ANC underground. They were married for more than a decade and have four children together. In a rare interview last month, Dlamini-Zuma challenged her opponents to find any evidence of corruption in her long political career.  I don t loot government coffers. I ve never done so, and I will not do so,  she told ANN7 television. But for some senior figures in the ANC, she has not done enough to distance herself from the corruption scandals that have dogged President Zuma.  She has not said anything on  state capture ,  ANC chief whip Jackson Mthembu told Reuters, using a South African term to describe private interests unduly controlling government funds. Dlamini-Zuma says accusations that she is piggy-backing off Zuma are  insulting  given her career, first as a doctor to ANC leaders fighting apartheid and then as a cabinet minister under every South African president since 1994. As health minister in Nelson Mandela s cabinet, she laid the foundations for free public healthcare for the poor, took a hard line on smoking and made medicines more accessible. As foreign minister she fostered friendships with African countries and emerging economies like China, even when this angered the West. But she also made errors of judgment. In 1996, Dlamini-Zuma awarded a contract for more than $3 million to a friend for a play, Sarafina II, to raise awareness about AIDS and was later found to have ignored tender rules.  Political analyst Ralph Mathekga said that paled in comparison to recent government malpractice. He said:  14 million rand in the Sarafina scandal now seems like peanuts when compared with the looting under Zuma.  (For a graphic on 'ANC election in South Africa' click here) (For a graphic on 'South African economy' click here) ",1
12470,France's Le Drian says 'no' to Iran Mediterranean axis,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign minister criticized Iran s regional ambitions, saying Paris could not accept Tehran s military expansion to the Mediterranean, and accused Russia of failing to use its influence to push U.N.-led Syrian peace talks and curb violence. Speaking in an interview with France 2 television to be broadcast later on Tuesday as part of a documentary on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Jean-Yves Le Drian said it was time for Moscow and Tehran to work with the U.N. Security Council to end the six-year-old conflict in Syria.  The Iranian presence and the desire to make an axis from the Mediterranean to Tehran, (I say) no!  Le Drian said in the interview.  There is a Syria that needs to exist.  Many Arab leaders argue that by fighting Islamic State and supporting Assad militarily, Iran is projecting its power across Iraq and Syria to Lebanon, creating an arc of regional influence stretching from the Afghan border to the Mediterranean.  Tensions between Iran and France have increased in recent weeks after French President Emmanuel Macron said that Tehran should be less aggressive in the region and clarify its ballistic missile program. Le Drian also denounced Tehran s  hegemonic temptations  during a visit to Saudi Arabia last month. Iran s foreign minister on Monday urged European countries not to be influenced by U.S. President Donald Trump s confrontational policy towards Tehran. Under Macron s instruction, Le Drian has sought not take sides in the Middle East and attempted to improve ties with Russia after the previous French administration s relationship with Moscow suffered especially over Syria, where Russia and Iran are staunch allies of Assad.  In Syria  Iran brings its militias, supports (heavily-armed Lebanese Shi ite group) Hezbollah,  Le Drian said.  Syria must become a sovereign state again and that means (a country) independent of the pressure and presence of other countries.  With Assad by his side Russian President Vladimir Putin flew into Syria on Monday and ordered  a significant part  of Moscow s military contingent there to start withdrawing. The two met last week in the Russian city of Sochi.  If you can summon Assad to Sochi, you can also tell him to stop (bombing) and allow aid to everyone,  he said referring to the besieged rebel-held region of Eastern Ghouta.  Paris has nuanced its approach to U.N.-led peace talks in Geneva, saying that Assad s departure from power should not be a pre-condition for negotiations. However, Le Drian made it clear that Russia was not doing enough.  The main actors in this affair are Russia and Iran. They need to use their weight to lead a political solution with the other members of the Security Council,  Le Drian said, repeating that Assad was not the solution.  He is barbaric, but he is there, so we have to a start the process that leads to a (new) constitution and elections under the U.N.  he said.  I struggle to imagine that populations who have suffered so much consider him part of the solution.  ",1
12471,NATO chief Stoltenberg wins extended term to late 2020,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO allies extended Jens Stoltenberg s term as secretary-general of the Western military alliance until late 2020 on Tuesday, giving the former Norwegian prime minister a rare six-year mandate in the top job. Stoltenberg, who took up the post on Oct. 1 2014, will now step down two years later than planned on Sept. 30 2020, after strong support from Germany and the United States, NATO s dominant power, which has welcomed his efforts to increase defense spending in Europe. French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Theresa May both congratulated Stoltenberg on Tuesday. If he completes his term as the alliance s top civilian, Stoltenberg would be the first NATO chief to serve a six-year term since Germany s Manfred Worner, who died in office in 1994. The post has always gone to a European and at a time when the Trump administration is at odds with many of its allies on a host of foreign policy issues, Stoltenberg is seen by many as a skilful operator and consensus-builder.  Stoltenberg, 58, who visited Donald Trump at the White House in April and hosted the U.S. president in Brussels in May, said transatlantic ties would be a priority for the remainder of his term.    My main task is to maintain that unity,  he told reporters, referring to relations between North America and Europe.   Stoltenberg has also struck a more conciliatory tone towards Moscow than his Danish predecessor Anders Fogh Rasmussen, even as he has overseen NATO s biggest military build-up since the end of the Cold War, prompted by Russia s 2014 seizure of Crimea and its support for separatists in eastern Ukraine.  I believe in dialogue with Russia but I am also here to ensure security in Europe,  he said. NATO, seen by some as a Cold War relic until the Crimea annexation, has gained new relevance as the West confronts a resurgent Russia, state-sponsored computer hackers, security threats on its borders and militant attacks on European cities. Stoltenberg has also thrown his weight behind diplomatic efforts to contain the North Korea nuclear crisis, visiting U.S. allies Japan and South Korea in October. ",1
12472,Make EU gentleman's agreement with Britain binding: EU lawmakers,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Parliament will insist on quickly making the deal reached between the European Union and Britain on divorce terms legally binding, worried London may not honor a gentleman s agreement, the parliament s chief Brexit coordinator said. The EU and Britain, which is will leave the EU in March 2019, agreed last Friday on the divorce terms in three key areas   a financial settlement, citizens  rights and how to avoid a hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland. The European Commission said on Monday the deal was not legally binding yet, but it regarded it  as a deal between gentlemen  with  the clear understanding that it is fully backed and endorsed by the UK government . But Britain s Brexit minister David Davis said on Sunday that the deal, which allows both sides to start talks on a future trade agreement crucial for Britain, was more of a  statement of intent  than a legally binding measure. This caused concern among EU officials that London may want to go back on the agreement.   Remarks by David Davis that Phase One deal last week not binding were unhelpful and undermines trust. European Parliament text will now reflect this and insist agreement translated into legal text as soon as possible,  Guy Verhofstadt, who leads the European Parliament Brexit coordination team, tweeted. He said that after Davis s  unacceptable remarks , the European Parliament will ask EU leaders meeting on Brexit on Friday to formally make negotiations on a future trade agreement with London conditional on including the agreement so far in full in the treaty on Britain leaving the EU. A draft text which leaders are set to adopt on Friday already states that  negotiations in the second phase can only progress as long as all commitments undertaken during the first phase are respected in full and translated faithfully in legal terms as quickly as possible . ",1
12473,May nudges UK towards a friendly EU divorce,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May s divorce deal with the European Union is the strongest signal since the shock 2016 Brexit referendum that the United Kingdom is heading towards an orderly departure that preserves very close trade ties. May rushed to Brussels before dawn on Friday to secure the European Commission s agreement that  sufficient progress  had been made to begin talks about trade and a two-year Brexit transition period that will start when Britain leaves the EU on March 29, 2019. Below are some scenarios for Brexit. An orderly Brexit, with a clear transition and the hope of a trade deal to keep the UK and EU economies as close as possible, would cheer investors and business chiefs.  Friday s deal appeared to put Britain on course for an orderly Brexit.  May largely conceded to the EU on the structure, timetable and substance of the negotiations. At least for now, she has convinced her divided party and the Northern Irish lawmakers who prop up her minority government that she can deliver a deal that is acceptable to them. If all sides stay happy enough to keep the talks on track May is aiming to strike a transition deal early in 2018 and a free trade deal to be signed shortly after exit day.  The EU says any transition deal in the next few months will be interim in the sense that nothing is definite until the Withdrawal Treaty is ratified in 2019. The EU thinks a free trade deal would be negotiated during the transition. May is committed to the UK leaving the single market and customs union. But she agreed with the EU that the rules between Northern Ireland and Ireland would stay if they could not work out another way to avoid a hard border on the island.      That indicates that the UK will keep significant alignment with EU rules, at least for the first few years after the transition. Brexit negotiator David Davis has said his preferred deal would be similar to Canada s CETA deal with the EU but  Canada plus plus plus .[L8N1NL26Q] May has said she wants a bespoke British deal.   The Canadian deal focuses on access to goods but services is more important for Britain as it accounts for about 4/5 of the economy.  Brexit does look more benign if you think there will be a transition and a trade deal,  said Mark Essex, director of Brexit at KPMG.  At the very least, Canada, or CETA, plus banking seems a smart move.   Such a benign Brexit assumes that May can stay in power long enough to deliver one. The talks came close to collapse in Brussels on Dec. 4 when the Northern Irish party which props up May s government vetoed a draft deal already agreed with Ireland.   Many companies fear that events in either Britain or the EU could still derail a final deal.  Cliff edge Brexit is still a possibility,  said Essex  After what we saw in Brussels last week, you have to have a lot of faith to assume it will be plain sailing all the way to next March.   The shock Brexit vote on June 23 2016 thrust Britain into its deepest political crisis since the Suez crisis of 1956. May, who pitched her premiership as a way to calm the turmoil, increased uncertainty when she lost her party its majority in a June snap election which strengthened Jeremy Corbyn s position as opposition Labour Party leader. With her authority weakened and her minority government dependent on 10 lawmakers from the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party, May has to constantly gauge how far she can bring her party and her allies with her on Brexit.  May is like fatigued metal: she is going to break but you just don t know when the collapse will come,  said one former British diplomat.  The Conservatives will never allow her to fight another general election so the question is whether she lasts until Brexit, if we do indeed (do) Brexit.  Foreign diplomats in London are already trying to figure out which candidates could win the top job when she is gone. So far May s survival has been dependent on the absence of a clear successor and fear in her party that if she is toppled then opposition leader Corbyn could win a national election. Betting markets indicate a 29 percent probability of a UK election in 2018. Corbyn has the lowest odds on being the next prime minister after May, followed by Conservative lawmaker Jacob Rees-Mogg and Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson.  A YouGov poll showed May s Conservatives were ahead of Labour in the first time since the June election. A Labour government is now seen as such a real possibility that some major financial services companies are trying to gauge just how radical Corbyn, a lifelong socialist, and his finance chief, John McDonnell, will be. While Labour s official policy is to leave the EU, Corbyn has barely detailed the party s Brexit position. Many of his lawmakers want to stay in the EU but many traditional Labour supporters voted to leave. Labour s Brexit chief Keir Starmer has said Britain should keep the closest possible trading ties with the EU.  Brexit doesn t happen: The $2.6 trillion economy stalls, prompting calls for a second EU referendum that - if held during a deep recession - could produce a vote to remain in the EU. Ever since the referendum, Brexit opponents  - from French President Emmanuel Macron and former British prime minister Tony Blair to billionaire investor George Soros - have suggested Britain could change its mind and avoid what they say will be disastrous economic consequences. Reversing Brexit assumes the fall of May, who triggered Article 50 of the treaty on March 29. The legalities of reversing Brexit are unclear as the EU s treaties do not cover such an eventuality. John Kerr, a former British ambassador to the EU, who drafted Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty said Britain could unilaterally scrap its divorce plans. In Brussels, there is no single view on how a reverse Brexit might work. While the EU would be likely to welcome a Brexit reversal, it might require the agreement of all 27 other members and some of Britain s special favors, such as the rebate on its payments could come under attack. Supporters of Brexit have repeatedly said that any attempt to have another referendum, or to undermine Brexit, would catapult the world s sixth largest economy into crisis. ",1
12474,Liberia to hold run-off vote on December 26: electoral commission,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberia will hold a delayed presidential run-off vote on Dec. 26, the electoral commission chief said on Tuesday. Former soccer star George Weah faces Vice-President Joseph Boakai in the poll that was held up for several weeks by a court challenge by the candidate who came third in round one.  The winner replaces Ellen Johnson Sirleaf as president in what will be, if it goes smoothly, Liberia s first peaceful handover of power in 70 years.  The Supreme Court last week dismissed a complaint from third-place finisher Charles Brumskine s Liberty Party, which had said fraud had undermined the first round in October. Electoral Commission chairman Jerome Korkoya said campaigning could start immediately but must end by December 24. Liberians are eager for change after Nobel Peace Prize winning Sirleaf s 12-year rule, which sealed a lasting peace in a country that for decades had only known war, but which has failed to tackle corruption or much improve the lot of the poorest.  ",1
12475,"Two dead in Gaza blast, Israeli military denies it carried out an attack","GAZA (Reuters) - Two Palestinian Islamic Jihad militants riding on a motorcycle in Gaza were killed in an explosion on Tuesday which the group implied was caused by an accidental detonation during preparations for an attack. Israel s military denied accounts by local residents that the militants were killed in an air strike. Violence along the Israel-Gaza border has flared since U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition last week of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and the Israeli military s demolition on Sunday of a cross-border tunnel it said was dug by Hamas, the Islamist group that controls the small coastal enclave. On Monday, Israel s Iron Dome anti-missile system intercepted a rocket fired by militants in Gaza. Shortly afterward, Israel responded with tank fire and air strikes targeting positions of Hamas. In a statement after Tuesday s explosion, Islamic Jihad said:  We mourn the men -  martyrs of preparation . The group usually employs the term to refer to casualties caused by the accidental detonation of weapons or explosives used in attacks against Israel. ",1
12476,U.N. warns of new Syrian refugee wave to Europe if aid dries up,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Syrian refugees could again seek to reach Europe in droves if aid programs are not sustained in five neighboring countries hosting the bulk of them, the United Nations said on Tuesday. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) was giving details of the $4.4 billion appeal to support 5.3 million Syrian refugees in surrounding countries as well as to host communities in Turkey, Lebanon, Iraq, Jordan and Egypt that have taken them in. The agency, which has received only 53 percent of its $4.63 billion appeal for 2017, needs international support, Amin Awad, director of UNHCR s Middle East and North Africa bureau, told a news briefing. He listed  many reasons , including:  The vast number of refugees that we have in the region, the geopolitical status of that region, the risk that a population of 5.3 million people can bring to an area, a small region already volatile as it is, if there is no assistance.  We had the experience of 2015, we don t want to repeat that,  he said. The lack of funding led to an acute shortage of services that year, when one million refugees fled to Europe, he added. About half were Syrians, UNHCR figures show. An EU-Turkey deal has largely halted the flow, but a UNHCR funding shortfall has led to fresh cutbacks in vital programs providing food, health care, education and shelter to Syrian refugees, Awad said.  That means we re not able to provide stoves, we are not able to deliver kerosene, we are not able to deliver enough thermal blankets, we are not able to winterise tents, we are not able to drain water and snow from camps, we are not able to do engineering work to insulate some of the buildings. People are sitting in cold, open buildings,  he said. Turkey currently hosts 3.3 million Syrian refugees, the largest number, followed by Lebanon with one million.  These are the biggest donors, these are the real donors. They provided space, international protection,  Awad said.   Now the material assistance is left to the donors and international community... And that s not coming through. So we have to be prepared for consequences,  he said. Awad, asked about countries in the region closing their borders to Syrian refugees, replied:  Borders are managed, in some instance are closed.  Host countries have cited concerns over security, economic crises, and xenophobia, but Syrians continue to arrive, he said.  Lebanon is still accepting vulnerable cases, medical cases, so is Turkey,  Awad said. There have been cases of  refoulement , returning refugees to places where they could face war or persecution, in violation of law, he said.  We are seeing expulsion, we are seeing people sent back.  UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards declined to provide specifics on Syrian refugees being expelled. ",1
12477,Amnesty says EU is complicit in violations of migrant rights in Libya,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European governments are complicit in grave human rights violations in Libya through their support for authorities there who often work with people smugglers and torture refugees and migrants, Amnesty International said on Tuesday. Amnesty said up to 20,000 people are now held in Libyan detention centers for migrants and are subject to  torture, forced labor, extortion, and unlawful killings . Other human rights organizations have said similar things in recent months. The European support for Libyan authorities is part of a plan to cut African immigration across the Mediterranean. It aims to lower the number of people who drown during the crossing and curb the scale of a political problem high arrivals cause to EU governments. Italy has spearheaded the plan, in particular by training and equipping the coastguard and by spending millions to back U.N. agencies working on relief efforts in Libya.  European governments have not just been fully aware of these abuses; by actively supporting the Libyan authorities in stopping sea crossings and containing people in Libya, they are complicit in these crimes,  said John Dalhuisen, Amnesty International s head for Europe. On Tuesday, Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni defended the EU s policy in a speech to parliament ahead of this week s meeting of the bloc s leaders in Brussels and said sea arrivals had dropped by two-thirds since last July.  It s thanks to us that a light is being shone on human rights in Libya,  he said, referring to million of euros Italy and the EU spent on improving conditions for people stuck there. A spokesperson for the bloc s executive European Commission said:  We are aware of the inhumane and terrible conditions some face. We share the same objective as Amnesty: saving lives.  It said the bloc s funding helped the U.N. agency for migration, the IOM, send more than 15,000 people in Libya to their home countries in Africa. At the same time, it said the bloc has also been slowly taking in  genuine refugees . Libya is the main gateway for migrants trying to cross to Europe by sea, though numbers have dropped sharply since July as Libyan factions and authorities have begun to block departures under pressure from Italy, the main landing point. More than 600,000 have made the journey over the past four years.   The EU backs Libya s coastguards in its efforts to intercept people heading to Europe but they work closely with people smugglers who torture people for money, Amnesty said.  By supporting Libyan authorities in trapping people in Libya ... European governments have shown where their true priorities lie: namely the closure of the central Mediterranean route, with scant regard to the suffering caused,  said Dalhuisen. Some EU officials and diplomats chafe at the bloc s reliance on militias that have emerged since the fall of Libya s leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.      But EU leaders will recommit at their meeting in Brussels on Dec. 14-15 to a strategy they say is bearing fruit in the form of fewer sea crossings.  The presidency of Libya s U.N.-backed government said last month it was a victim of illegal migration, not a source of it, and appealed to foreign powers to help stop flows from migrants  countries of origin. ",1
12478,'Furious race against time' to complete Brexit treaty: EU's Tusk,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk warned on Tuesday that completing a Brexit treaty and agreeing on future relations with Britain would be a  furious race against time  where EU states would have to stick together to avoid economic disruption. Writing to national leaders ahead of a summit he will chair in Brussels on Thursday and Friday, Tusk noted his plan to seek their approval to launch a second phase of negotiations, on transition and future ties, after achieving  sufficient progress  last week and agreeing an outline of the divorce.  The conclusion of the first phase of negotiations is moderate progress, since we only have 10 months left to determine the transition period and our future relations with the UK,  Tusk wrote.  This will be a furious race against time, where again our unity will be key. And the experience so far has shown that unity is a sine qua non of an orderly Brexit.  ",1
12479,Bulgaria freezes assets of independent media publisher,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Bulgaria has frozen assets and property and bank accounts belonging to businessman and media owner Ivo Prokopiev, who said the state was trying to silence the country s independent media.     The Commission for Illegal Assets Forfeiture is preparing to file a claim against Prokopiev and his businesses to seize assets and property worth 199 million levs ($119 million), which it believed were derived from a rogue privatization of a plant 17 years ago, said the commission s chairman, Plamen Georgiev. Bulgaria, one of the European Union s poorest and, according to Transparency International, its most corrupt country, set up the commission in the 2000s to confiscate the  illegally obtained assets of corrupt businessmen and officials and organized crime bosses. Prokopiev, 46, denied any wrongdoing. He said the commission has been used to intimidate the journalists at the influential financial newspaper Capital and the news website Dnevnik. He is the majority owner of both.  He also said a Bulgarian court had ruled in 2004 that nothing was wrong with the privatization of mineral maker Kaolin, the basis of the accusations against him.       We are witnessing how a state institution with very wide powers is being used as a bat and an instrument for repression,  Prokopiev told a news conference.   We do not have any doubt about the ultimate goal of this .... to subdue the editorial position of two of the few independent media in Bulgaria.  Georgiev told a news conference a regional court in Bulgaria had frozen shares and stakes of Prokopiev in over 40 companies on commission s request, but said the actions would not impede the work of the news organizations. Five right-wing political parties that are not represented in the parliament protested against the commission s move. Some political analysts also saw it as an attempt to silence the independent newspapers in the country.   This act really seems to be directed against people who are representatives of free media in Bulgaria, said Daniel Smilov, an analyst with Sofia-based Center for Liberal Strategies. Bulgaria ranked 109th out of 180 countries, lower than any EU member, in the 2017 World Press Freedom Index compiled by the Paris-based organization Reporters Without Borders. Bulgaria ranked 51st in 2007, when it joined the EU. ",1
12480,Poland's new prime minister says opposes multi-speed Europe,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s new prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, said on Tuesday in his first policy speech that he was opposed to a multi-speed Europe and that Warsaw wants to have a say in forming the future of the bloc. Deeper euro zone integration is sometimes called a  multi-speed  Europe because it would lead to different rates of convergence within the 28-member bloc. ",1
12481,"German soldier accused of planning to kill politicians, frame refugees","BERLIN (Reuters) - A German soldier was charged on Tuesday with plotting to kill senior politicians because of their support for refugees and trying to make it look like asylum seekers carried out the murders. The officer, named only as Franco Hans A., was arrested in April in a case that shocked Germans and stirred a debate about the depth of right-wing radicalism in the Bundeswehr military.   Motivated by a nationalist attitude, he planned to carry out an attack at an unknown time on high-ranking politicians and public figures who stood up for what the accused regarded as an especially refugee-friendly policy,  the federal prosecutor s office said.  He wanted people to believe that his attacks were related to radical Islamist terrorism committed by somebody who had been granted asylum,  it added. The statement did not say whether the soldier had denied the charges or include any statement from his lawyer. Among the targets were Justice Minister Heiko Maas, a senior Social Democrat, Greens politician Claudia Roth as well as human rights activists and journalists, the prosecutor s office added. Prosecutors suspect that Franco Hans A., along with two accomplices, wanted to implicate refugees in their planned attack by posing as an asylum seeker. The case had put pressure on centre-right Chancellor Angela Merkel s government - with her close ally Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen facing criticism for first failing to deal with right-wing extremism in the army and then implying that most soldiers were right-wing radicals. The federal prosecutor s office said the soldier was accused of committing a serious act of violent subversion and violating the military weapons control law, as well as gun and explosives laws. Franco Hans A., who served with an army battalion stationed in France, had used a fake identity to register as a Syrian refugee and moved into a shelter for migrants in Bavaria even though he speaks no Arabic, the prosecutors said. The soldier had previously been detained in late January by Austrian authorities on suspicion of having hidden an illegal gun in a bathroom at Vienna s main airport, they added. ",1
12482,EU's Barnier rules out full EU-UK trade pact in time for Brexit,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - There is  no possibility  that Britain and the European Union can conclude a free trade agreement by the time Britain leaves in March 2019, EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barner said on Tuesday. Asked about suggestions in London that a trade deal could be ready for signature shortly after Britain is no longer an EU member, Barnier reiterated the EU s official line that only a  political declaration  outlining future trading relations would be ready at the time of Britain s withdrawal. He told reporters after he had briefed EU ministers ahead of a leaders  summit on Friday that negotiating a free trade pact would take longer.  He also stressed that there must be  no backtracking  by Britain on an outline divorce package agreed last week if it wants to negotiate the future relationship. He said that after the summit he hoped he would be able to present draft language early in the new year on the withdrawal treaty, elements of which were agreed last Friday. ",1
12483,France's Macron says world is losing battle against climate change,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday told dozens of world leaders and company bosses gathered at a climate summit in Paris that  we are losing the battle  against climate change.  We re not moving quick enough. We all need to act,  Macron said, seeking to breath new life into efforts to combat global warming after President Donald Trump pulled the United States out of an international accord brokered in the French capital two years ago.    ",1
12484,Tight race as South Africa's ANC prepares to elect Zuma successor,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress holds an election this weekend to replace Jacob Zuma as party leader in a closely fought contest whose winner is likely to emerge as the nation s next president.  The front runners are Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, a former trade union leader and one of South Africa s richest people, and Zuma s preferred candidate, his ex-wife Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, a former minister and chairwoman of the African Union Commission. In a race seen as too close to call, seven candidates are seeking to succeed Zuma, who has been at the helm of the party for a decade. The stakes are high because the ANC s electoral dominance means whoever wins the party s top job is likely become the next president of South Africa after a national election in 2019. The party holds its conference in Johannesburg between Dec. 16-20. All seven ANC leadership hopefuls pledged to Zuma at a meeting last month that they would accept the outcome of the leadership vote in the interests of keeping the 105-year-old organization intact and avoid splits that could weaken its strength at the national elections in 2019. Ramaphosa edged Dlamini-Zuma by getting the majority of nominations to become leader of the party, but the complexity of the leadership race means it is far from certain he will become the next party leader and therefore the likely next president. Adding another level of complexity, delegates are not bound to vote for the candidate their ANC branch nominated. Zuma said last week he was  very happy  to be stepping down as ANC president. He can remain as head of state until 2019. Political uncertainty over the ANC race is a major threat to the country s credit rating. S&P Global Ratings and Fitch rate South Africa s debt as  junk .  Analysts have said South Africa s business and consumer confidence has been dented in recent years by allegations of corruption in Zuma s government and influence-peddling by the Gupta family - businessmen who are close friends of the president. Zuma and the Guptas have denied the allegations. Ramaphosa is viewed as more investor friendly and has pledged to fight the corruption that has plagued Zuma s tenure. Dlamini-Zuma has said she is not tainted by graft and it is fine if the country s white business community will not endorse her. She has said her priority is to improve the prospects for the black majority. ",1
12485,South Africa's Zuma rejects reports his office is drafting emergency laws,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma has rejected local news reports that his office has started drafting regulations for a state of emergency, the president s office said on Tuesday. Emergency laws were last deployed in parts of Africa s most industrialized economy in 1985 under former president P.W. Botha, the face of white South Africa as president at the height of the anti-apartheid struggle.   The Presidency rejects the media reports alleging that The Presidency has started composing draft regulations for a state of emergency and that President Jacob Zuma has appointed a team to draw up such regulations,  Zuma s office said in a statement.  The Presidency is not working on regulations for a state of emergency.    Emergency powers have not been used in South Africa since the country s 1994 transition to multi-racial democracy after decades of white apartheid rule. The Rapport newspaper had reported that Zuma had ordered that regulations for a state of emergency be prepared to be part of the State of Emergency Act passed in 1997. The newspaper said the detailed regulations that would outline what should happen during a state of emergency were never passed into law when the main legislation was enacted. It cited documents showing that Zuma had set up a team to make the draft regulations. According to Rapport  the draft regulations would ban anyone from writing  publishing or broadcasting threatening material and give security forces power to use as much force as necessary to restore law and order. ",1
12486,South Africa's nearly man Ramaphosa may lead country at last,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The nearly man of South African politics, Cyril Ramaphosa, is at last in with a chance of becoming president after being overlooked for years. Ramaphosa s political abilities have been apparent for decades. Whenever Nelson Mandela needed a breakthrough in talks to end apartheid, he would turn to the then trade union leader with a reputation as a tenacious negotiator. Using skills honed in pay disputes with mining bosses, Ramaphosa steered those talks to a successful conclusion, allowing Mandela to sweep to power in 1994 as head of the African National Congress. Mandela wanted Ramaphosa to be his heir but was pressured into picking Thabo Mbeki by a group of ANC leaders who had fought apartheid from exile. It has taken more than two decades for Ramaphosa, now deputy president, to get another chance to run the country. The 65-year-old is one of the two favorites to become ANC leader at a party vote this weekend. Whoever wins the ANC race will probably be the country s next president because of the ruling party s electoral dominance.  Ramaphosa s ambition for the presidency has been clear through his whole adult life. He was quite clearly wounded by his marginalization in the Mbeki period,  said Anthony Butler, a politics professor who has written a biography of Ramaphosa. The choice between Ramaphosa and his main rival for the ANC s top job, former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, will help determine the pace of reform in South Africa and affect how the country gets on with with foreign powers. A trained lawyer with an easygoing manner, Ramaphosa has vowed to fight corruption and revitalise an economy which has slowed to a near-standstill under President Jacob Zuma. That message has gone down well with foreign investors and ANC members who think Zuma s handling of the economy could cost the party dearly in 2019 parliamentary elections. Dlamini-Zuma, who clashed with Western countries while foreign minister, has promised a radical brand of wealth redistribution which is popular with poorer ANC voters who are angry at racial inequality.  While Ramaphosa, who declined to be interviewed for this story, has backed  radical economic transformation , an ANC plan to tackle inequality, he tends to couch his policy pronouncements in more cautious terms. Analysts say the race between Ramaphosa and Dlamini-Zuma, who was previously married to President Zuma, is too close to call. Unlike Zuma or Dlamini-Zuma, Ramaphosa was not driven into exile for opposing apartheid, which some of the party s more hardline members hold against him. He fought the injustices of white minority rule from within South Africa, most prominently by defending the rights of black miners as leader of the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM). A member of the relatively small Venda ethnic group, Ramaphosa was able to overcome divisions that sometimes constrained members of the larger Zulu and Xhosa groups. A massive miners  strike led by Ramaphosa s NUM in 1987 taught business that  Cyril was a force to be reckoned with,  said Michael Spicer, a former executive at Anglo American.  He has a shrewd understanding of men and power and knows how to get what he wants from a situation,  Spicer said. The importance of Ramaphosa s contribution to the talks to end apartheid is such that commentators have referred to them in two distinct stages: BC and AC, Before Cyril and After Cyril.  Ramaphosa also played an important role in the drafting of South Africa s post-apartheid constitution.  After missing out on becoming Mandela s deputy, Ramaphosa withdrew from active political life, switching focus to business. His investment vehicle Shanduka - Venda for  change  - grew rapidly and acquired stakes in mining firms, mobile operator MTN and McDonald s South African franchise. Phuti Mahanyele, a former chief executive at Shanduka, recalled that Ramaphosa was a passionate leader who required staff to contribute to charitable projects aimed at improving access to education for the underprivileged. By the time Ramaphosa sold out of Shanduka in 2014, the firm was worth more than 8 billion rand ($584 million in today s money), making Ramaphosa one of South Africa s 20 richest people. To his supporters, Ramaphosa s business success makes him well-suited to the task of turning around an economy grappling with 28 percent unemployment and credit rating downgrades. In the Johannesburg township of Soweto last month, Ramaphosa called for a  new deal  between business and government to spur economic growth. Pravin Gordhan, a respected former finance minister, told Reuters that if Ramaphosa was elected ANC leader,  the whole narrative about South Africa s economy would change for the better within three months . Signs that Ramaphosa has done well in the nominations by ANC branches that precede the leadership vote have driven a rally in the rand in recent weeks. But Ramaphosa has his detractors too. He was a non-executive director at Lonmin when negotiations to halt a violent wildcat strike at its Marikana platinum mine in 2012 ended in police shooting 34 strikers dead.    An inquiry subsequently absolved Ramaphosa of guilt. But some families of the victims still blame him for urging the authorities to intervene.   My conscience is that I participated in trying to stop further deaths from happening,  Ramaphosa said recently about the Marikana deaths.    Others are unconvinced that Ramaphosa, who has been deputy president since 2014, will be as tough on corruption as his campaign rhetoric suggests. Bantu Holomisa, an opposition politician and former ANC member who worked closely with Ramaphosa in the 1990s, said he was by nature cautious.  Cyril has been part of the machinery and has not acted on corruption so far,  Holomisa said.  It is not clear whether he will if he gets elected.  (For a graphic on 'ANC election in South Africa' click here) (For a graphic on 'South African economy' click here) ",1
12487,Botswana court orders government to recognize transgender woman as female,"GABORONE (Reuters) - A transgender woman has won a legal battle against Botswana s government to be recognized as female in a landmark victory for the rights of the lesbian, gay and transgender community. A conservative southern African nation of 2 million people, Botswana has been reluctant to fully acknowledge the rights of the LGBT community. Tshepo Ricki Kgositau, the executive director of South African-based Gender Dynamix, an organization that advocates for the human rights of transgender and gender-variant people, had sued Botswana for refusing to change the gender on her identity document from male to female. On Tuesday, Justice Leatile Dambe ordered that Kgositau s gender be changed to female in the national registry within seven days.  The director of the National Registration is ordered to issue the applicant with a new Identity Card identifying her as a female within 21 days of this court order,  Dambe ordered. In court papers, Kgositau argued that she had since an early age identified as a woman and that the different gender on her identity document was causing her emotional distress and increased her vulnerability to abuse and violence. The application included supporting evidence from her mother, siblings and relatives, as well as psychological and medical evidence to the effect that her  innate gender identity is, and has since an early age, always been female and that her family has embraced her and loved her as a woman . In 2014, a judge overturned a government ban on a gay rights lobbying group, ruling that Lesbians, Gays and Bisexuals of Botswana be allowed to register and campaign for changes to legislation. However, it reiterated that it was still illegal to engage in homosexual acts. ",1
12488,"Partial power-share can end German political dilemma, some in SPD say","BERLIN (Reuters) - Wary of renewing a coalition with conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel, Germany s Social Democrats are instead contemplating a so-called  cooperation  arrangement that would see them agree on a minimal program but leave contested matters up for debate. With talks on a new government starting on Wednesday, the  cooperation  suggestion is seen by some in the party as an answer to the dilemma of a centre-left party that fears sharing power with conservatives blurs its identity in voters  minds. Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz said he would lead the SPD into opposition after a disastrous showing in September s national election, but was forced to reconsider after Merkel s attempts at forming a three-way government collapsed, leaving Europe s economic powerhouse without a new government. But SPD members and lawmakers are reluctant to sign up for a simple repeat of the four-year Merkel-led grand coalition, after which voters rewarded the junior partner with its worst-ever post-war election result. In a paper seen by Reuters on Tuesday, lawmaker Matthias Miersch, leader of the SPD s parliamentary left caucus, suggested the two parties agree to cooperate on a minimal program while leaving other matters open. The idea, under which the SPD would contribute ministers to a Merkel-led cabinet, would allow the party to support Merkel s conservatives in areas where both parties were in agreement but leave other areas subject to ad hoc haggling between parliamentary parties.  All options were discussed,  said an SPD spokesman of an SPD parliamentary caucus meeting on Monday.  No single model was settled on.  Under Miersch s proposal, the two blocs would agree a common program in areas of broad agreement like house-building, a European investment program and climate policy. They would also agree which party provided which ministry. In some areas, including passing a budget and European and foreign affairs, the parties would agree always to seek a consensus, while in others they would agree to disagree, potentially seeking ad hoc majorities for their own measures from other parliamentary parties. The proposal could help win over party faithful, who must give their blessing to any SPD participation in a future government. But it is far from a done deal, with some of the SPD s own leadership believing early elections were better, party officials said. Merkel s own bloc has been clearer.  I have no interest in half-agreements with the SPD,  said Julia Kloeckner, vice-chair of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU).  Either you want to govern or you don t.   Having all the ministerial jobs but no full government responsibilty is cherry picking. You can t be a little bit pregnant,  she tweeted. ",1
12489,Factbox: Key players in South Africa's ANC leadership race,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress elects a new party leader to succeed President Jacob Zuma at a conference starting on Saturday. The winner will be favorite to become president of the country after a 2019 national election. Below are the main ANC leadership hopefuls. Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma and Cyril Ramaphosa are the two front runners. NKOSAZANA DLAMINI-ZUMA The former minister and chairwoman of the African Union Commission has served in the cabinets of every South African president in the post-apartheid era. Dlamini-Zuma was married to President Zuma for over a decade and has four children with him. She is backed by the ANC s influential women s and youth leagues, as well as by Zuma and provincial party leaders close to him. For a profile of Dlamini-Zuma, see. The deputy president and former trade union leader is one of South Africa s richest people. Ramaphosa played an important role in the negotiations to end apartheid and in the drafting of South Africa s progressive 1996 constitution. He is supported by a diverse group of labor unions, communists and ANC members disillusioned with Zuma. For a profile of Ramaphosa, see. The ANC s treasurer general is one of the ruling party s  top six  senior leaders. A medical doctor by training, Mkhize also served as a party boss in the KwaZulu-Natal province, from where Zuma and Dlamini-Zuma hail. Some analysts see Mkhize as a compromise candidate for ANC leader who could reconcile the opposing factions supporting Dlamini-Zuma and Ramaphosa.  For a Reuters interview with Mkhize, see:. The human settlements minister is the daughter of anti-apartheid activist Walter Sisulu, a close friend of Nelson Mandela. Sisulu says Ramaphosa approached her to be his running mate but she turned down the offer. The minister in the presidency has also held senior cabinet positions including public enterprises minister. He served in underground structures of the ANC during white minority rule and was imprisoned on Robben Island, where the apartheid government kept political prisoners. The former premier of the Mpumalanga province has also worked as the ANC s treasurer general. Phosa has demanded that nominations for ANC leader in Mpumalanga be re-run, as he says he has proof that party members were told how to vote. Mpumalanga s current premier is a Zuma loyalist, David Mabuza, who is viewed by some as a kingmaker in the ANC race. The speaker of South Africa s lower house of parliament also briefly served as deputy president. She has said she has held talks with other leadership hopefuls to discuss the possibility of working together. ",1
12490,Zimbabwe voters need more time to register after turmoil: parties,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s political parties want to give voters another two months to sign up for next year s election after political turmoil disrupted the registration process, an opposition official said. The ruling party and opposition groups will ask electoral authorities on Wednesday to extend next week s voter registration deadline into February, said Douglas Mwonzora, the secretary general of the Movement for Democratic Change. The army forced former president Robert Mugabe out of office last month, ousting the only leader the country has known since independence.  The military coup disturbed a lot of things. During that period, many potential voters did not go out to register because there was serious political uncertainty in the country,  said Mwonzora, who also co-chairs an inter-party group monitoring voter registration.  So after taking all this into account we realized that we need to extend the registration exercise. If we don t we will see voter apathy next year,  he added. Zimbabwe started registering voters in September. But its Electoral Commision said on Tuesday just over 4 million voters out of a target of 7 million had signed up, eight days before the deadline to end the process. Part of the problem, said Mwonzora, was that thousands of potential voters - who are classified as aliens because their parents are from other countries in southern Africa - have only been able to register since last week, after a court ruling. Emmerson Mnangagwa, who took over from Mugabe, will be running to keep the job in the presidential and parliamentary elections due to take place by July. ",1
12491,"Russia suspends diplomatic presence in Yemen, moves envoy to Riyadh: agencies","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has suspended its diplomatic presence in Yemen and all its staff have left the country due to the situation in the capital Sanaa, the RIA news agency cited Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova as saying on Tuesday. The Russian ambassador to Yemen and some diplomatic staff will be working temporarily out of the Saudi capital Riyadh, the Interfax news agency cited the ministry as saying. Yemen s conflict, pitting the Houthi movement against a Saudi-led military alliance which backs a government based in the south, has unleashed what the United Nations calls the world s worst humanitarian crisis. A Russian plane evacuated embassy staff and some Russian nationals from Sanaa earlier on Tuesday, Saudi state news agency SPA said, citing the Saudi-led military coalition fighting against the Houthi movement that controls the Yemeni capital. The agency quoted an official source in the coalition as saying it had received a request for permission for a Russian plane to evacuate the personnel, and that the plane had left Sanaa airport. ",1
12492,Austria ex-finance minister goes on trial accused of corruption,"VIENNA (Reuters) - An Austrian former finance minister went on trial on Tuesday accused of bribery and embezzlement in one of the biggest corruption cases in the country s recent history. Karl-Heinz Grasser and 15 former high-ranking politicians, managers and bankers are charged in connection with the privatization of state housing company Buwog in 2004. Grasser, 48, was one of Austria s most popular politicians and became the country s youngest finance minister in 2000 when he was appointed aged 31 to serve in a coalition between the conservatives and the far right Freedom Party. He is accused of embezzling part of a commission for the sale of 60,000 federal apartments. He denies the accusations and said in a television interview on Monday he was glad the trial was starting so he could prove his innocence. Defense lawyers say the case is politically motivated at a time when conservatives and the far-right are working to form a government to replace a coalition led by social democrats. Investigators spent eight years gathering evidence and working on an indictment that runs for more than 800 pages. It says he under-priced the biggest ever sale of state-owned flats. The tender came down to two bidders and the contract was awarded to a financial consortium that offered just 1 million euros ($1.2 million) more than its competitor.  After the sale, millions of euros in commissions flowed to two Grasser associates suggesting insider dealing, according to prosecutors. Grasser, who is married to socialite Fiona Swarovski, the heir of the Swarovski crystal manufacturers, says he is a victim of prejudice from the media and the judiciary. The trial is the latest to stem from the tenure of Chancellor Wolfgang Schuessel who took power in 2000. Others have concerned the telecoms and real estate sectors. The court rejected a petition by Grasser s defense lawyer Manfred Ainedter to remove the chief of the four judges, Marion Hohenecker, due to conflict of interest because of tweets critical of Grasser sent by her husband who is also a judge. ",1
12493,"Tillerson to back North Korea diplomacy, reject Syria's Assad: U.S. official","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, in remarks later on Tuesday, plans to say that he is optimistic about North Korea denuclearization talks and that there is no role for President Bashar al-Assad in Syria s future, a U.S. official said.  The secretary is very optimistic that we can achieve denuclearization through negotiation. We are in the middle of that path and that continues,  the official told reporters ahead of two planned speeches by Tillerson. ",1
12494,Factbox: One Planet summit turns to private sector for climate action,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting dozens of world leaders along with global companies and movie superstars at a summit in Paris to accelerate efforts to combat climate change.    The  One Planet  summit will not announce internationally binding commitments, but is counting on mobilizing money from public and private financial institutions and from corporations. Below are some key pledges made around the summit. * More than 200 institutional investors with $26 trillion in assets under management said they would step up pressure on the world s biggest corporate greenhouse gas emitters to fight climate change.  They said that would be more effective than threatening to pull the plug on their investments in such firms. Divestment would only be a last resort. If big emitters refuse to cooperate, shareholders could ratchet up pressure with public statements, resolutions and votes. * The European Commission is  looking positively  at plans to lower capital requirements for environmentally friendly investments by banks in a bid to boost the green economy and counter climate change.  The move could be part of a broader set of measures the European Union plans to present in March to meet the target of cutting carbon emissions by 40 percent by 2030, for which it estimates around 180 billion euros ($212.2 billion) in additional low-carbon investments are needed per year.  * The World Bank said it will no longer finance upstream oil and gas projects after 2019, apart from certain gas projects in the poorest countries in exceptional circumstances. As a global multilateral development institution, the World Bank said it is continuing to transform its own operations in recognition of a rapidly changing world.  * Belgium will issue its first bond for use in financing projects to reduce the country s carbon emissions, following a number of countries that have sold or plan to sell  green bonds . Poland became the first a year ago, followed by France with a 7 billion euro issue in January.  Belgium plans to sell 3 to 5 billion euros ($3.5-6 billion) in the first quarter of 2018. * Dutch bank ING (INGA.AS) said that by end 2025 it will stop funding any utility that relies on coal for more than 5 percent of its energy.  It will support new clients whose reliance on coal is less than 10 percent as long as they have a strategy in place to cut that to close to zero by 2025. ING also will phase out lending to individual coal-fired power plants by then. * French insurer AXA (AXAF.PA) will quadruple investments in environmentally friendly projects, adding 9 billion euros ($10.6 billion) by 2020, and divest further from the coal industry. Axa will target firms deriving more than 30 percent of their revenue from coal. It also will not insure any new coal mines or oil sands projects, including associated pipeline businesses. * French state-owned power utility EDF (EDF.PA) plans a big push into solar energy in France that is likely to cost around 25 billion euros. EDF aims to build 30 gigawatt of solar capacity by 2035 in response to a government drive for a massive deployment of renewables. * French gas and power utility Engie (ENGIE.PA) is prepared to invest 1 billion euros ($1.2 billion) to improve energy efficiency in France over the next five years, its CEO said ahead of the Paris summit.  Engie says energy efficiency contracts already make up 700 million euros of its operating income and that this is likely to increase fourfold by 2026. ",1
12495,Cuba tells U.S. suspension of visas is hurting families," (Corrects paragraph 7 to show Trump issued a warning on travel to Cuba, not a ban on travel to Cuba) HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba told senior U.S. officials during talks on migration in Havana on Monday that the U.S. decision to suspend visa processing at its embassy on the island was  seriously hampering  family relations and other people exchanges. Relations between the former Cold War foes became strained after Donald Trump became the U.S. President, partially reversing the thaw seen during Barack Obama s presidency.  In September, after allegations of incidents affecting the health of its diplomats in Havana, the U.S. administration reduced its embassy to a skeleton staff, resulting in the suspension of almost all visa processing.  The Cuban delegation expressed deep concern over the negative impact that the unilateral, unfounded and politically motivated decisions adopted by the U.S. government ... have on migration relations between both countries,  the Cuban foreign ministry said in a statement. The statement was issued after delegations led by Cuba s Foreign Ministry chief for U.S. Affairs Josefina Vidal and U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs John Creamer met to discuss migration issues. Many Cubans said they were heartbroken because they could not visit, or be with, their loved ones. While Cuba has a population of 11.2 million people, there are an estimated 2 million Cuban Americans in the United States.    The Trump administration also issued a warning on travel to Cuba and in October expelled 15 Cuban diplomats from Washington.  The Cuban foreign ministry said this had  seriously affected the functioning of the diplomatic mission, particularly the Consulate and the services it offers to Cubans residing in the United States . The U.S. decision to cancel the visits of official  delegations to Cuba was also having a  counterproductive effect  on cooperation in fields like migration, the ministry said. On the positive side, both the U.S. and Cuban delegations commented on the drop in illegal Cuban migration to the United States during the talks as a result of past moves towards normalizing relations. Obama, who announced the detente with Cuba nearly three years ago, eliminated a policy granting automatic residency to virtually all Cubans who arrived on U.S. turf in January, just before leaving office. Cuba had asked for the change for years, saying that policy encouraged dangerous journeys and people trafficking.  Apprehensions of Cuban migrants at U.S. ports of entry decreased by 64 percent from fiscal year 2016 to 2017, and maritime interdictions of Cuban migrants decreased by 71 percent,  the U.S. State Department said in a statement. Trump said in June he was canceling Obama s  terrible and misguided deal  with Havana, returning to Cold War rhetoric, and his administration has tightened trade and travel restrictions. He has however in practise left in place many of Obama s changes including restored diplomatic relations and resumed direct U.S.-Cuba commercial flights and cruise-ship travel. ",1
12496,France expects slow but massive impact from labor reforms: minister,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron s labor reforms will be slow to bear fruit but eventually have a massive impact on France s stubbornly high unemployment, his labor minister said Tuesday after data showed a slowdown in new job creation. Though business and consumer confidence has been soaring, France s strengthening economy has so far only translated into limited labor market gains. Job creation was the slowest in two years in the third quarter, when the economy added 44,500 new jobs, the fewest since the third quarter of 2015 and down from 88,300 in the previous three months, statistics agency INSEE said on Tuesday. In his first major reform as president, Macron overhauled France s labor rules in September to give companies more freedom to set working conditions, a move aimed at encouraging them to hire more workers.  We can t expect a massive effect in the very short term. It will only come in the medium term. However it will be robust and more massive,  Labour Minister Muriel Penicaud told journalists in a quarterly update on the jobs market. Despite the improving economy, the unemployment rate ticked up to 9.7 percent in the third quarter from 9.5 percent in the previous three months. Economists say this was probably caused by the end of a hiring premium for small firms and a reduction in the number of government-subsidised job contracts. Only two percent of 1,000 French employers surveyed by staffing firm ManpowerGroup expect to expand their hiring plans in the first quarter of 2018, down from four percent expected for the final three months of this year. However, the outlook varies widely by firm size, with 19 percent of companies employing more than 250 people expecting a net increase in hiring in the first quarter, according to ManpowerGroup s survey. After the labor reform, the government next wants to overhaul the professional training system, which currently receives 32 billion euros annually in public and private funds  ($37.67 billion) but has little impact on unemployment.  Companies cannot find skilled labor even though their order books are full. I hear that every day,  said Penicaud, who is a former human resources director at Danone. ",1
12497,Brexit minister says agrees with EU negotiator Verhofstadt on last week's deal,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Brexit minister David Davis said on Tuesday that he and the European Parliament s negotiator Guy Verohfstadt agreed about the importance of last week s deal between Britain and the EU to move divorce talks to the next phase. Earlier Verhofstadt had said it will insist on quickly making the deal reached between the European Union and Britain on divorce terms legally binding, worried London may not honor a gentleman s agreement.  Pleasure, as ever, to speak to my friend @guyverhofstadt - we both agreed on the importance of the Joint Report. Let s work together to get it converted into legal text as soon as possible,  Davis said on Twitter. ",1
12498,Denmark's government at risk in row with nationalists over Syrian refugees,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Demands from the nationalist Danish People s Party (DF) that  Syrian refugees be sent home as soon as possible are threatening to bring down the country s centre-right minority government. The government depends on the right-wing DF to pass budget and tax legislation, although it is not a part of the ruling coalition.  DF is seeking tighter immigration rules in return for tax cuts. It wants to make it easier for authorities to revoke residence permits for refugees who fled from war once there is peace in their home countries. Such a move, however, could violate international human rights guarantees, posing a problem for the government.  On Friday DF gave its backing to the 2018 fiscal budget, leaving broader negotiations on tax reforms and stricter immigration policies to be resumed after the New Year.  However, junior government partner Liberal Alliance said it wants to pass tax reforms along with the budget and would not support the budget in parliament unless a deal to cut taxes was agreed. If LA does not vote to give the budget final approval, Rasmussen could be forced either to hand power to the Social Democrat-led opposition or to call a snap election. The final vote on the budget is on December 22.  The government can bring itself down before Christmas if it actively works for it, it is possible,  DF leader Kristian Thulesen Dahl told reporters on Tuesday.  Of course it will have consequences if a government can t even vote for its own budget in parliament. The prime minister has to relate to that. It s his responsibility,  Dahl said. Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen, who was in Paris on Tuesday for a climate conference hosted by French President Emmanuel Macron, has expressed confidence that his government will vote in favor of the budget. DF s proposal would impact the more than 10,000 Syrians that have sought asylum in Denmark since the beginning of 2015 under rules to protect people fleeing from war and not just refugees that are personally persecuted. The proposed tightening comes on top of already strict policies for people with temporary residence permit that are not allowed to seek family reunification until after three years. Refugees should be able to work or go to school while in Denmark, but those activities should not be targeted at integrating them into the Danish society or qualify them for permanent citizenship, DF said. ",1
12499,French government dampens Corsican nationalists' autonomy hopes,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s government on Tuesday ruled out major concessions towards autonomy sought by Corsica s nationalists after they won a regional election, but said it was open to talks that took account of the island s distinctive character. The nationalists on Sunday won two thirds of the seats in the new regional council that takes office on Jan. 1. Their ambitions are relatively modest among the wave of secessionist movements that have sprung up in parts of Europe as its traditional political forces have lost traction.  Unlike Catalonia s nationalists, they do not target outright independence, but they do seek official status for the Corsican language and a greater say on fiscal issues.  Government spokesman Benjamin Griveaux said there were Corsican  specifics  to be taken into account in the discussions that Paris holds with all new regional authorities.  (But) let s be clear ... this was not a referendum or a vote on autonomy or independence,  he told France 2 TV. The Corsican nationalists also want to be able to decide who can buy properties and they seek liberty for those they call political prisoners, who have been condemned for attacks or are awaiting judgment. The sun-drenched island, the birthplace of Napoleon and known as much over recent decades for its sometimes violent independence movements as for its stunning landscapes, has long been a thorn in the side of French governments. Clandestine group the National Front for the Liberation of Corsica (FLNC) laid down its weapons in 2014 after a near four-decade long rebellion, in a major shift that helped boost the popularity of the moderate nationalists who won Sunday s election.  Asked about prisoners, Griveaux said:  The law must be respected. When there have been crimes and a court ruling, when people have been condemned, the sentence should be carried out.  Asked about Corsican becoming an official language on the island alongside French, Griveaux said provision had already been made in various regions to allow the use of a local language, for instance in some schools. But  the language of the Republic is French,  he added.  Political analyst Andre Fazi, a lecturer at the University of Corsica, said it would be hard for the nationalists to get what they wanted.  But with Sunday s election win, it would also be risky for the government to not do anything,  he said.  Shutting the door completely could boost calls for outright independence, as was the case in Catalonia.  In a sign that the government might be taking this into account, Prime Minister Edouard Philippe on Sunday called nationalist leader Gilles Simeoni to congratulate him on his win and told him he was willing to see him soon in Paris.  ",1
12500,Return of defeated IS fighters 'real threat' to Russia: RIA cites FSB chief,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Former militants from  bandit units  in Syria are now a real threat after the defeat of Islamic State, as many of them may be now planning to return to Russia, the RIA news agency cited the head of Russia s FSB security service as saying on Tuesday. The FSB head, Alexander Bortnikov, also told a meeting of Russia s National Anti-Terrorism Committee the security service had uncovered an underground cell of extremists from Central Asia planning to carry out  terrorist acts  during the New Year and Russia s 2018 presidential campaign in the Moscow region. ",1
12501,"Be careful, murdered Iranian activist's daughter tells European exiles","THE HAGUE (Reuters) - The daughter of an Iranian Arab activist killed in the Netherlands last month linked his death to political conflict in the Middle East, and warned other exiles in Europe to be on their guard. Ahmad Mola Nissi, 52, was gunned down by an unidentified assailant in front of his home in The Hague on Nov. 8 in a suspected political killing. Hawra Ahmad Nissi said her father s death was reminiscent of a string of murders of Iranian dissidents in Europe in the 1990s.  Europe seems safe, but be careful,  she told Reuters in an interview.  The conflict between Saudi Arabia and Iran is not confined to the Middle East. It is spreading into Europe.  Relations between Shi ite Muslim Iran and Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia have soured in recent months, with the struggle for influence between the two long-standing regional rivals played out through increasingly bitter proxy confrontations, notably in Syria, Yemen and Lebanon. Mola Nissi established the Arab Struggle Movement for the Liberation of Ahwaz (ASMLA), which seeks a separate state in Iran s oil-rich southwestern Khuzestan province, in 1999. Since his murder, his family have been under Dutch police protection at a safe house.   We came here to be safe but we don t feel safe. European governments should do more to secure the safety of activists,  Hawra Nissi, 25, said. Ahvazi Arabs are a minority in mainly ethnic Persian Iran, and some see themselves as victims of occupation and want independence or autonomy.  Tehran, which has condemned Mola Nissi s killing and promised to investigate it, accuses Riyadh of funding separatist groups active in Iran, a charge the Saudis deny. A source close to Mola Nissi s family, who asked not to be named due to security concerns, said he had accepted Saudi financial support but did not want the Ahvazi cause to be used as a pawn in the proxy war. This attitude could have made him an obstacle to efforts to bring the ASMLA movement under Saudi influence, the source said.  The family is open to all scenarios. Iran is a prime suspect, but not the only suspect,  Hawra Nissi said. Police are exploring a possible link between Mola Nissi s killing and the unsolved murder of another Iranian near Amsterdam in December 2015, a spokeswoman said. They are looking for two suspects believed to have gunned down Ali Motamed. The police declined to comment on the circumstances of Motamed s death or a motive, but Iranian media have linked him to exiled Iranian opposition Shi ite group the People s Mujahideen Organisation of Iran (PMOI), which would have made him a potential target. A man detained in relation to Mola Nissi s death has since been released, the spokeswoman added. The most prominent among a string of killings and disappearances of Iranian dissidents in the 1980s and 1990s was the shooting of three Iranian Kurdish opposition leaders in Berlin in 1992, which a German court ruled had been ordered by the government in Tehran. ",1
12502,Hundreds of thousands in Israel mourn 104-year-old ultra-Orthodox rabbi,"BNEI BRAK, Israel (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of ultra-Orthodox Jews crammed into the streets of a Tel Aviv suburb on Tuesday to mourn a 104-year-old rabbi who had significantly influenced a succession of Israeli coalition governments. Rabbi Aharon Yehuda Leib Shteinman led a council of sages that controlled the small Degel Hatorah lawmakers  faction, part of the United Torah Judaism party, which has often held the balance of power in Israel. In particular, Shteinman broke with tradition by giving tacit consent to the enlistment of religious soldiers in the first ultra-Orthodox unit set up by the Israeli military. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, whose government includes ultra-Orthodox political parties, said the Jewish people had  lost a central beacon of spirit, heritage and morality . Special buses and trains ferried mourners to Bnei Brak, a religious town on the outskirts of Tel Aviv. Police estimated that several hundred thousand people gathered for the funeral procession, dressed in traditional black ultra-Orthodox garb. Shteinman, born in what is now Belarus, had led his community of Lithuanian-rooted ultra-Orthodox Jews since 2012. ",1
12503,"Bomb kills bomb disposal expert in Somalia's Puntland, al Shabaab suspected","BOSASO, Somalia (Reuters) - An army colonel in the semi-autonomous Puntland region who also headed the region s bomb disposal unit was killed on Tuesday after a roadside bomb he was defusing exploded, a military official said. The incident occurred on a road that links Bosaso, Puntland s second biggest city, with Galgala Hills which is controlled by al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab group. Colonel Osman Abshir Omar was killed after he started dismantling the bomb on Tuesday, one of his colleagues said.  We were with the Colonel. He stopped the car, got down and started dismantling a bomb but it suddenly went off and killed him on the spot,  Major Abdirizak Mohamed, who was among thesoldiers accompanying Omar, told Reuters. Al Shabaab claimed responsibility.  We targeted the Colonel. We exploded the bomb,  Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab s spokesman for military operations, said. Militant attacks in Puntland are rare compared to the rest of Somalia mainly because its security forces are relatively regularly paid and receive substantial U.S. assistance. Al Shabaab, which aims to topple Somalia s government and impose its strict version of Islam on the Horn of Africa state, has become more active in Puntland after being pushed out of its stronghold further south by African Union peacekeepers and the Somali army, officials say. This year there has been rise in violence in Puntland by a  splinter group linked to Islamic State have attacked government troops. ",1
12504,War-scarred neighborhoods in Ukraine's rebel-held Donetsk,"DONETSK, Ukraine (Reuters) - Ruined houses, shell craters and deserted streets - this is a typical scene in the Oktyabrsky district of Donetsk, the largest city of Ukraine s pro-Russian rebel region that bears the same name. The self-styled Donetsk and next-door Luhansk  people s republics  broke away from central rule in 2014 after months of violent street protests in Kiev toppled Ukraine s Moscow-leaning president and propelled pro-Western nationalists to power. In this calm suburb of Donetsk, many people stood aloof of politics. But then fierce clashes broke out between Ukrainian government troops and pro-Russian separatists for control over the nearby Donetsk Airport. A glistening air hub of steel and glass, specially built for the UEFA Euro 2012 of which Donetsk was a venue, the local airport was leveled to the ground, and many of the buildings in Oktyabrsky shared its fate.  A Reuters photo essay (reut.rs/2jONmoo ) captures images of hardship and despair of the dwellers of this district on the frontline of many battles. Restored water and electricity supplies to local homes, with some households enjoying even gas supplies and heating, give a slight relief to some of the lucky locals as winter cold starts to bite.  I try to keep away from politics, I only care about my family,  said Marina, aged 30. The woman, her husband and three children, one of whom is seriously ill, lost their house in 2014 when an artillery shell hit it.  With no money, we were left in the street, with absolutely nothing. Everything burned, nothing was left ... even spoons and forks were gone,  she said. Her family changed several apartments, moving from one friend to another, before deciding that they would restore their  house, using the bricks that had remained intact to build new walls. But they fast ran out of cash to buy construction materials. The fragile ceasefire agreed in 2015 is often shattered by outbursts of gunfire and explosions of shells.    More than 8,000 private homes and more than 2,000 apartment houses were badly damaged in Donetsk, according to data provided by its administration. Most of these homes are uninhabitable and cannot be rebuilt. A total of 64 temporary shelters for those who lost their homes in the war have been organized in various parts of Donetsk, a city of around one million residents. Sometimes, student hostels accommodate the homeless. They include Alexandra Nikolayevna, 68, who survives with her several grandchildren at  University Hostel No.4  mainly due to handouts of humanitarian aid. The fourth year of this ordeal has failed to shatter her political views.  We must be only with Russia, we only hope for (Russian President Vladimir) Putin to take us under his wing,  she repeats.  Anyway, everyone says it s Russian land.  The feeling of relative normalcy which prevails in most parts of Donetsk, dissipates when you realise the city center is just slightly more than 10 km (6.3 miles) from the frontline. The war is felt in the volatile rates of several currencies circulating in the city, in low wages and poor quality of local food. And it is felt in the families which lost loved ones in the war that has claimed a total of more than 10,000 lives so far. ",1
12505,China warns against livestreaming after 'rooftopper' falls to death,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A young Chinese climbing enthusiast s fatal fall from a skyscraper while making a selfie video on a $15,000  rooftopping  dare has spurred warnings by state media against the perils of livestreaming.  Wu Yongning plunged to his death from a 62-storey building in central China on Nov. 8, the day he stopped posting videos of his skyscraper exploits on Weibo, China s equivalent of Twitter. A month later, his girlfriend confirmed the death of the 26-year old in a Weibo post.  Wu, who had more than 60,000 followers of his Weibo account, was looking to win a prize of 100,000 yuan ($15,110) for a filmed stunt atop Huayuan Hua Center in Changsha, capital of Hunan province, media said over the weekend.  His death was a reminder of the need for stronger supervision of livestreaming apps, the official China Daily said on Tuesday.  Some of them try to hype things up with obscene and dangerous things, and their purpose is to attract more eyeballs and make a profit,  it said in a commentary.  Tens of thousands of Chinese post videos of themselves in a bid for stardom on the livestreaming scene, whose popularity has grown rapidly, particularly in the e-commerce, social networking and gaming sectors. Wu, who used to post videos of himself scaling tall buildings with no safety equipment, hoped to use the prize to pay his mother s medical bills, the Changsha Evening News said.  It was unclear which livestreaming platform Wu intended to post on.   There should be a bottom line for livestreaming platforms, and supervision should leave no loopholes,  ran a comment in the online edition of the People s Daily.  Wu s videos on his Weibo microblog had attracted several million views each.  ",1
12506,EU suspends funding for Cambodian election,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - The European Union has suspended funding for Cambodia s 2018 general election because the vote cannot be credible after the dissolution of the main opposition party, according to a letter sent to the national election committee on Tuesday. The Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) was dissolved by the country s highest court last month at the request of the government of Prime Minister Hun Sen after the arrest of opposition leader Kem Sokha for alleged treason.  An electoral process from which the main opposition party has been arbitrarily excluded cannot be seen as legitimate,  the letter said.  Under these circumstances, the European Union does not believe there is a possibility of a credible electoral process.  Some Western donors have condemned the CNRP dissolution as the most serious blow to democracy since an international peace deal and U.N.-run elections in the early 1990s ended decades of war and the Khmer Rouge genocide that killed at least 1.8 million Cambodians in the 1970s. A government spokesman said the EU decision would not affect the election, in which Hun Sen is expected to extend more than three decades in office that make him the world s longest serving prime minister.  This is their will,  spokesman Phay Siphan told Reuters on Tuesday.  We have our own money.   The European Union and Japan are the biggest donors to Cambodia s election commission, which is in theory independent. Asked if Japan would also suspend aid for the election, the Japanese embassy said it would continue to give assistance for electoral reform and would monitor the situation closely.  It is of utmost importance to have next year s national election reflect the will of the Cambodian people,  Hironori Suzuki, a counselor at the embassy, told Reuters by email. The United States last month said it would suspend funding for the election. It later said it would impose visa sanctions on those involved in the government s actions to undermine democracy.  Kem Sokha, leader of the CNRP, was arrested for allegedly plotting to overthrow the government with U.S. help. He has rejected the accusation as a political ploy. The European Union in October warned Cambodia it could face EU action over duty-free access it enjoys under a deal for some of the world s poorest countries if the nation s human rights situation deteriorates further. Cambodia s biggest donor and investor is now China, which has voiced support for the opposition crackdown, saying it supports government efforts to ensure stability and economic development. ",1
12507,Russian credit to cover part of S-400 missile deal with Turkey: agency,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will offer Turkey partial financing for Ankara s purchase of S-400 surface-to-air missile systems, the Interfax news agency reported on Tuesday, citing a Russian presidential aide. Turkey has been in talks to buy the system for more than a year. Washington and some of its NATO allies see the move as a snub because the weapons cannot be integrated into the alliance s defenses. Turkish and Russian officials would meet to finalize the deal next week, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday.  Russian President Vladimir Putin said in Ankara that credit for the defense industry would be signed with Turkey in the near future. When asked by Interfax whether the Russian financing would cover the full cost of the deal, Russian presidential aide Vladimir Kozhin said:  Not the whole, partially.   Technical questions are being discussed, the interest rate. Everything is in the Finance Ministry,  he said of the deal. Turkey expects to receive the first missile system in 2019, Turkish Defence Minister Nurettin Canikli said in November. The deal included two S-400 systems and a third optional one. ",1
12508,Kremlin: We see Trump's tweets as official statements,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Tweets by U.S. President Donald Trump are viewed in Moscow as his official position and read by his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin, the Kremlin said on Tuesday. A prolific user of Twitter before he was elected late last year, Trump has continued to use the social media platform to voice his views on policy and world affairs since moving into the White House. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday it was not his place to comment on Trump s actions, but added:  In any case, everything which is published from his authorised Twitter account is perceived by Moscow as his official statement.  Naturally, it is reported to Putin along with other information about official statements by  politicians,  Peskov said, adding that Putin was not a Twitter user himself. Trump s activity on Twitter have previously cause controversy. His tweets sparked outrage in Britain last month and a sharp rebuke of Prime Minister Theresa May when he retweeted anti Islam videos from a British far-right group. ",1
12509,"Turkey, Russia will meet to finalize S-400 defense deal in coming week","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish and Russian officials will meet to finalize Turkey s S-400 surface-to-air missile systems deal in the coming week, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday. Turkey has been negotiating with Russia to buy the system for more than a year. Washington and some of its NATO allies see the decision as a snub because the weapons cannot be integrated into the alliance s defenses. Turkey expects to receive its first such system in 2019, defense Minister Nurettin Canikli said in November adding that the deal includes two S-400 systems while one was optional.  Our officials will come together in the coming week to finalize the S-400 issue,  Erdogan said during a joint news conference with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin. Turkey has been working to develop its own defense systems and equipment and has lined up several projects for the coming years including combat helicopters, tanks, drones and more. Erdogan also said Ankara and Moscow were on the same page regarding the U.S. move on Jerusalem and added that two leaders would keep in contact on the issue. ",1
12510,U.S. citizen on the run after busting out of Bali prison,"DENPASAR, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesian police are hunting for a U.S. citizen who escaped on Monday from an overcrowded prison on the holiday island of Bali by cutting through steel bars in a ceiling, the jail s second breakout of foreign inmates this year.  The Kerobokan prison, about 10 km (six miles) from the main tourist beaches in the Kuta area, often holds foreigners facing drug-related charges. Cristian Beasley, who was a suspect in crimes related to narcotics but had not been sentenced, escaped at 4.10 a.m. (2010 GMT Sunday), said Badung Police chief Yudith Satria Hananta.  It is thought that the prisoner escaped ... by cutting through the steel bars above the ceiling,  he said in a statement, without giving details of how Beasley escaped without being detected. Beasley, 32, from California, is believed to have then used a rope to climb down a wall before getting over a perimeter wall in an area being refurbished. Police had questioned witnesses and guards and were hunting for Beasley, Hananta said. Another American, Paul Anthony Hoffman, 57, was captured while also trying to escape, Hananta said. Representatives of Beasley and Hoffman could not immediately be reached for comment. In June, an Australian, a Bulgarian, an Indian and a Malaysian tunneled to freedom about 12 meters (13 yards) under the prison s walls. The Indian and the Bulgarian were caught soon after in neighboring East Timor, but Australian Shaun Edward Davidson and Malaysian Tee Kok King remain at large. Davidson has taunted authorities by saying he was enjoying life in various parts of the world, in purported posts on Facebook.  Kerobokan has housed a number of well-known foreign drug convicts, including Australian Schappelle Corby, whose 12-1/2-year sentence for marijuana smuggling got huge media attention. Indonesia has executed several foreign drug convicts in recent years. Indonesian prisons are often overcrowded, partly because a war on drugs led by the government of President Joko Widodo has led to a surge in the number of people locked up. As of June, Kerobokan housed 1,378 inmates, more than four times its planned capacity of 323, government data show. Prison escapes are fairly common in Indonesia, which launched an investigation this year after about 350 inmates broke out of a prison on the island of Sumatra. ",1
12511,Judges consider HK double murder appeal by convicted former British banker,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Three judges in Hong Kong s Court of Appeal are set to decide the fate of a former British banker who was jailed for life last year for the murder of two Indonesian women he tortured and raped after his appeal hearing closed on Wednesday.    Rurik Jutting, 32, a former Bank of America employee, had denied murdering Sumarti Ningsih, 23, and Seneng Mujiasih, 26, in his luxury apartment in 2014 on the grounds of diminished responsibility due to alcohol and drug abuse and sexual disorders. The Cambridge-educated Jutting pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of manslaughter in a case that gripped the Asian financial hub. During the one and a half day appeal hearing in the former British colony, Jutting s lawyers said the judge who presided over the gruesome trial last year had misdirected the jury. Defence lawyer Gerard McCoy argued that the judge had narrowed down the scope of the defence case by conflating an abnormality of mind with a psychiatric disorder. Jutting s defence is that while a disorder can cause an abnormal mind, his mental state can be abnormal without a disorder. McCoy said Jutting showed severe traits of psychiatric disorders, far beyond the normal range and was therefore not in control of his actions, said McCoy.  Abnormality of mind is absolutely not confined to a disorder or a disease. Here the judge locks it down, reinforcing to the jury it is disorder,  he said. Jutting, dressed in a navy blue shirt and thick squared glasses, watched animatedly throughout the hearing and occasionally chuckled, particularly during the presentations by prosecutor John Reading. Reading stated that the previous judge had  exercised considerable care in crafting his directions on the law in consultation with both sides . Judges Michael Lunn, Andrew Macrae and Kevin Zervos are to return judgement on the appeal which may include granting Jutting the opportunity for a new trial, but they did not give a time frame.  Deputy High Court Judge Michael Stuart-Moore said in strongly worded closing remarks at the end of the trial last year that the case was one of the most horrifying the Chinese-ruled territory had known. He described Jutting as the  archetypal sexual predator  who represented an extreme danger to women, especially in the sex trade, and cautioned that it was possible he would murder again if freed. The jury unanimously found Jutting, the grandson of a British policeman in Hong Kong and a Chinese woman, guilty of murder and he was sentenced to life in prison in November 2016. Jutting s defence team had previously argued that cocaine and alcohol abuse, as well as personality disorders of sexual sadism and narcissism, had impaired his ability to control his behavior. The prosecution rejected this, stating Jutting was able to form judgments and exercise self-control before and after the killings, filming his torture of Ningsih on his mobile phone as well as hours of footage in which he discussed the murders, bingeing on cocaine and his graphic sexual fantasies. In previous high profile murder cases such as that of Nancy Kissel, an American woman serving a life sentence for the  milkshake  murder of her Merrill Lynch banker husband, retrials have been given.  Kissel lost her final appeal against her conviction in 2014.   ",1
12512,Prominent Australian opposition lawmaker quits over claims of China links,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A prominent Australian opposition senator, Sam Dastyari, said on Tuesday he would resign from parliament after a series of allegations emerged about his links with Chinese-aligned interests in Australia. Relations between Australia and China have become strained since Australia announced last week it would ban foreign political donations as part of a crackdown aimed at preventing external influence in domestic politics. In announcing the ban, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull specifically singled out China, citing  disturbing reports about Chinese influence . China hit back, with the ruling Communist Party s official People s Daily describing media reports about its interference as  racist  and  paranoid . Dastyari, widely viewed as a rising star of the center-left Labor opposition party, has been under fire since domestic media reported he had sought to encourage the party s deputy leader not to meet a Chinese pro-democracy activist opposed to Beijing s rule in Hong Kong in 2015.  Today, after much reflection, I ve decided that the best service I can render to the federal parliamentary Labor Party is to not return to the Senate in 2018,  Dastyari told reporters in Sydney. Asked about Dastyari s resignation, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said it was an internal affair for Australia and China did not comment on other countries  affairs. The latest allegations came just days after Turnbull on Monday told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation Dastyari had warned Chinese political donor Huang Xiangmo that his telephone might be tapped. Dastyari had already quit some senior Labor positions after a tape surfaced of him appearing to endorse China s contentious expansion in disputed areas of the South China Sea, against his party s platform. The tape showed him standing next to Huang. Turnbull accused the Labor Party of  failing to put Australia first , rhetoric that analysts said could widen divisions between Canberra and Beijing.  The row has erupted and it has claimed a political scalp,  said Euan Graham, director, international security program at the Lowy Institute, an Australian think-tank.   China could retaliate through non-official sanctions such as reduced tourist numbers or through buying of goods elsewhere.  China, which is easily Australia s biggest trading partner, bought A$93 billion ($70 billion) worth of Australian goods and services last year. But growing trade ties are only one side of a delicate balancing act for Australia, whose unshakeable security relationship with the United States has limited how cosy it gets with China. The recent political focus on Dastyari s China links has been a welcome distraction for Turnbull, who is suffering a slump in popularity in a country where three prime ministers have been ousted by their own parties since 2010. The fragility of his center-right government will be tested on Saturday when a by-election in the blue-ribbon conservative constituency of Bennelong in Sydney could see Turnbull again lose his majority in parliament, should Labour win. ",1
12513,"Japan air force drills with U.S. bombers, stealth fighters near Korean peninsula","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese F-15 fighters on Tuesday held drills with U.S. B1-B bombers, F-35 stealth aircraft and F-18 multirole combat jets  above the East China Sea, south of the Korean peninsula, Japan s Air Self Defence Force (ASDF) said. The exercise was the largest in a series aimed at pressuring North Korea following its ballistic missile tests. The latest launch, on Nov. 29, featured a new missile type the North said could hit targets in the United States, such as Washington D.C.  The drill was meant to bolster joint operations and raise combat skills,  the ASDF said in a statement. Two U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers flew from Andersen Air Force Base on the U.S. Pacific island territory of Guam, joined by six F-35s four F-18s and a tanker aircraft from U.S. bases in Japan.  The Japanese air force dispatched four F-15 jet fighters and a patrol aircraft. ",1
12514,Death toll from fighting in South Sudan's Great Lakes rises to 170,"JUBA (Reuters) - The death toll from inter-clan fighting in South Sudan s Great Lakes region last week - a new source of violence in a country devastated by a four-year civil war - has reached at least 170, officials said on Tuesday. The clashes in the province s Malek county broke out after a group of young men from the Ruop ethnic group attacked rival youth from the Pakam group on Wednesday and Thursday. Revenge attacks have since taken place. Dharuai Mabor Teny, a member of parliament from the region, updated an earlier death toll of 45.  Right now, from both sides, we have 170 plus people who lost their lives. 342 houses have been burnt and almost 1,800 people displaced,  Teny told Reuters. The violence prompted the government to declare a three-month state of emergency in the region and surrounding areas on Monday. The military has also been ordered to deploy troops to quell the unrest. Shadrack Bol Maachok, the regional government s spokesman, said the widespread availability of arms complicated efforts to control the conflict.  Those arms in the hands of the civilians are going to be taken away and heavy forces are going to be brought here,  he told Reuters. The UN mission in South Sudan UNMISS said its troops were helping remove roadblocks mounted by the clashing groups in a bid to open up routes for movement and trade. South Sudan was plunged into war in 2013 after a political disagreement between President Salva Kiir and his former vice president Riek Machar escalated into a military confrontation. The fighting has killed tens of thousands, uprooted about a quarter of the population of 12 million people and left its small, oil-dependent economy moribund. Violence between rival communities is common in parts of South Sudan, often triggered by quarrels over scarce grazing land and cultural and political grievance ",1
12515,"Thai PM says no trade with North Korea, ahead of U.S. envoy's visit","BANGKOK (Reuters) - No trade takes place between Thailand and North Korea, Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said on Tuesday, ahead of an expected visit by a U.S. envoy seeking to step up pressure on  North Korea over its weapons programs. The United States has been urging Southeast Asian countries to do more to cut funding streams for North Korea as tension mounts over its development of nuclear weapons and missiles to carry them as far as the United States.  Thailand guarantees ... that we have abided by the United Nations resolutions,  Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha told reporters at his official Government House offices.  There have been reports about North Korean boats in our waters ... I prohibited them a long time ago. There is no trade ... there is no commerce,  he said. Joseph Yun, the U.S. special representative for North Korea policy, is due in Bangkok this week to discuss stepping up pressure on North Korea which has been pressing ahead with its weapons tests in defiance of U.N. resolutions and sanctions.  During a visit to Bangkok in August, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson pressed Thailand, the United States  oldest ally in Asia, for more action on North Korea.  At the time, the United States said it believed North Korean companies were active in Thailand and said it was encouraging the Thailand to close them. Following Tillerson s visit, Thailand s foreign ministry said trade with North Korea had dropped by as much as 94 percent over the previous year. It did not give any more detail. North Korea tested its most powerful intercontinental ballistic missile late last month. The U.N. Security Council is due to hold a ministerial meeting on North Korea s nuclear and missiles programs on Friday. ",1
12516,"Zimbabwe's Mugabe flies to Singapore, first trip since ouster","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s former president Robert Mugabe has left the country for medical checks in Singapore, his first foreign travel since the army forced him from office last month, a state security official said on Tuesday. The 93-year-old, who ruled the southern African nation for 37 years, resigned after the army and his ruling ZANU-PF party turned against him when it became clear that his 52-year-old wife, Grace, was being groomed as his successor. Until recently the world s oldest head of state, Mugabe had a reputation for extensive and expensive international travel, including regular medical trips to Singapore - a source of public anger among his impoverished citizens. He left Harare with Grace and aides on Monday evening, the official said. He is expected to make a stop-over in Malaysia, where his daughter, Bona, is expecting a second child.  He has gone for a routine medical trip to Singapore,  said the official, who has organized Mugabe s security protection but who is not authorized to speak to the media.  He was due for a check-up but events of the last few weeks made it impossible for him to travel.  The trip means Mugabe will not be in Zimbabwe when ZANU-PF endorses President Emmerson Mnangagwa as its leader and presidential candidate for next year s elections during a one-day special congress on Friday. The security official would not say how Mugabe was traveling although the privately owned NewsDay newspaper said he was on a state-owned Air Zimbabwe plane. Mugabe was granted immunity from prosecution and assured of his safety under his resignation deal, a source of frustration to many Zimbabweans who accused him of looting state coffers and destroying the economy during his time in power.  Another government official told Reuters last month Mugabe had been due to travel to Singapore on Nov. 16 but was unable to leave because the military had confined him to his private home the previous day. George Charamba, a senior information ministry official, declined to comment. Under Zimbabwe s Presidential Pension and Retirement Benefits Act, a former head of state is entitled to perks including limited foreign travel and medical insurance.  These are very standard features of a retired president,  another government official said, trying to head off any controversy.  You are making a storm out of nothing.  ",1
12517,"South Korea's Moon, China's Xi to talk North Korea, trade in Beijing summit","SEOUL/BEIJING (Reuters) - Curbing North Korea s nuclear ambitions will top South Korean President Moon Jae-in s agenda in Beijing during a visit this week aimed at breaking the ice after a furious row over Seoul s deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system. While both South Korea and China share the goal of getting North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons and stop testing increasingly sophisticated long-range missiles, the two have not seen eye-to-eye on how to achieve this. China has been particularly angered at the deployment of U.S.-made Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) anti-missile system in South Korea, saying its powerful radar can see far into China and will do nothing to ease tension with North Korea. At his third meeting this year with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday in Beijing, Moon is expected to reaffirm South Korea s agreement with China in late October that they would normalise exchanges and move past the dispute over THAAD, which froze trade and business exchanges between the two. The THAAD disagreement had dented South Korea s economic growth, especially its tourism industry, as group tours from China came to a halt while charter flights from South Korea were cancelled. While China still objects to THAAD, it has said it understands South Korea s decision to deploy it. In an interview with Chinese state television shown late on Monday, Moon said THAAD s presence was inevitable due to the looming North Korean threat but assured it would not be used against China.  South Korea will be extremely careful from here on out that the THAAD system is not invasive of China s security. South Korea has received promises from the United States multiple times regarding this,  Moon said. Joint efforts by China and South Korea could have  good results  if they work together to bring North Korea to the negotiating table, he added. North Korea has shown little sign it wants to engage in formal talks, with its state media citing leader Kim Jong Un as saying on Tuesday North Korea should develop and manufacture more diverse weapons to  completely overpower the enemy . Kim was addressing a rare munitions conference on Monday to laud the North s latest intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). North Korea last month test-launched what it called its most advanced ICBM in defiance of international sanctions and condemnation as it presses on with its mission to create a nuclear-tipped missile that can hit the United States.  Speaking over the weekend, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said Moon had chosen to have  friendly cooperation  with China, and China was willing to work with South Korea to bring peace and stability to the Korean peninsula. During his first visit to China since taking office in May this year, Moon is expected to get bilateral economic exchanges back on track. According to South Korean media, Moon will be accompanied by the biggest business entourage ever with more than 220 businesses taking part in the four-day visit. ",1
12518,China conducts 'island encirclement' patrols near Taiwan,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s air force has conducted more  island encirclement patrols  near Taiwan, its military said on Tuesday, after a senior Chinese diplomat threatened that China would invade the self-ruled island if any U.S. warships made port visits there. China considers Taiwan to be a wayward province and has never renounced the use of force to bring it under its control.  Numerous Chinese fighter jets, bombers and surveillance aircraft conducted  routine  and  planned  distant sea patrols on Monday to safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity, Air Force spokesman Shen Jinke said on the military branch s microblog. H-6K bombers, Su-30 and J-11 fighter jets, and surveillance, alert and refueling aircraft flew over the Miyako Strait in Japan s south and the Bashi Channel between Taiwan and the Philippines to  test real combat capabilities , Shen said. Taiwan Defence Minister Feng Shih-kuan said in a statement they had dispatched aircraft and ships to monitor the activity of the Chinese military and that the drills were not unusual and people should not be alarmed. China has conducted numerous similar patrols near Taiwan this year, saying such practices have been normalized as it presses ahead with a military modernization program that includes building aircraft carriers and stealth fighters to give it the ability to project power far from its shores. Beijing regularly calls Taiwan the most sensitive and important issue between it and the United States. Taiwan is well armed, mostly with U.S. weaponry, but has been pressing Washington to sell it more high-tech equipment to better deter China. In September, the U.S. Congress passed the National Defense Authorization Act for the 2018 fiscal year, which authorizes mutual visits by navy vessels between Taiwan and the United States. That prompted a senior U.S.-based Chinese diplomat to say last week that China would invade Taiwan the instant any U.S. navy vessel visited Taiwan. China suspects Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, who leads the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, wants to declare the island s formal independence. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s security. ",1
12519,Wife of disgraced Mexican governor taking 'refuge' in UK: report,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The wife of a detained former Mexican governor is living in Britain and has demanded back artwork, golf clubs and crystal that were seized by the government, according to a letter obtained by news site Animal Politico. Karime Macias is the wife of former ruling party Veracruz Governor Javier Duarte, who is awaiting trial on charges of embezzlement and organized crime, in a case that public auditors said was the worst they had ever seen in Mexico. In the letter, which the news site posted online, Macias said she was forced to leave the country and shelter in the UK because of  persecution  at home. Reuters did not obtain the letter and could not verify its authenticity. Macias  lawyers did not respond to a request for comment. Macias has not been charged with any crime. Neither the attorney general s office nor the Veracruz government responded to requests for comment.  Macias confirmed in the letter that diaries in which she had reportedly written  I deserve abundance  repeatedly were hers, and said that her phrases were of a spiritual nature. Macias said she wanted back personal items including paintings, luxury pens, golf clubs and books that she said were seized by prosecutors without a warrant, adding that she feared other items found were planted there. In April, Duarte was arrested in a Guatemala hotel where he had been with his wife after fleeing the country. He has denied any wrongdoing, and Macias was not detained. Top Mexican auditor ASF said in 2016 that the irregularities in public funds under Duarte were the highest amount it had ever seen. Prosecutors say Duarte headed an organization consisting of at least nine other people, whose criminal operations were carried out in Veracruz, the eastern Gulf state of Campeche and Mexico City between 2011 and 2016. At a hearing in July, a judge gave prosecutors six months to proceed with the investigation against Duarte. He is one of four ex-governors detained this year from President Enrique Pena Nieto s Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI. Corruption is one of the central issues in Mexico s July 2018 election, with public discontent widespread over a spate of conflict-of-interest rows that have dogged the Cabinet and Pena Nieto himself. ",1
12520,"Buoyed by mayoral votes, Venezuela socialists eye presidency race","CARACAS (Reuters) - President Nicolas Maduro has set his sights on Venezuela s 2018 presidential election after the ruling Socialist Party dominated mayoral polls with the help of a partial boycott by a divided opposition. Enjoying a political breather after a year of ferocious domestic protests and damaging foreign sanctions, the 55-year-old successor to Hugo Chavez said the government had won at least 90 percent of the 335 mayorships in Sunday s election. Latest official results gave him 21 of 23 state capitals as well as Caracas  main district, with full results due later on Monday. The landslide win for the socialists was no surprise, given three of the biggest opposition parties did not field candidates.  The elections left Maduro favorite to be the socialist candidate in next year s presidential race, despite the ambitions of rivals within government and an economic crisis that has pummeled the OPEC nation since his 2013 election.  Let s get ready for 2018!  he told cheering supporters in a Caracas square shortly before midnight on Sunday, next to a statue of Venezuela s independence hero Simon Bolivar.  Maduro also declared fixing Venezuela s broken economy a priority. But opponents and even some government dissenters say it is his stubborn adherence to Chavez-era economic policies, such as currency controls, that is to blame for the crisis. Venezuela s 30 million people are enduring one of the worst economic meltdowns in recent Latin American history. Millions are skipping meals, missing medicines, and lining up for hours at shops during acute shortages and crippling inflation. Opposition parties said Sunday s vote was full of irregularities and meaningless, and reiterated demands for changes to the electoral system for the 2018 vote.   What we saw yesterday was an electoral farce that in no way represents the will of the people,  said Popular Will party leader Juan Andres Mejia, citing abuse of state resources and coercion of government employees to vote. MADURO  WELL-POSITIONED  FOR RE-ELECTION Three of the opposition coalition s main parties - Popular Will, Justice First and Democratic Action - boycotted Sunday s polls, saying the election board was a pawn of the government. But other opposition parties did put up candidates, adding to confusion and acrimony within opposition ranks.  Maduro said the three abstaining parties should be banned from participating in future elections. That brought a rebuke from the U.S. State Department, which called his remarks  another extreme measure to close democratic space in Venezuela and consolidate power in his authoritarian dictatorship.  Venezuela s presidential election has traditionally been held in December, but there is speculation in political circles that it will be brought forward to the first half of 2018 so the socialists can take advantage of the opposition s disarray.  Despite the regime s economic incompetence and the inherent weaknesses of Maduro s authoritarianism, he is well positioned to achieve re-election next year,  said Nicholas Watson, of the Teneo Intelligence consultancy. With its most popular leaders barred - Leopoldo Lopez is under arrest and Henrique Capriles is prohibited from office - the opposition may struggle to find a flagbearer. Uniting parties and reigniting enthusiasm among despondent grassroots supporters will also be huge challenges. Street protests earlier in 2017 put pressure on Maduro and left 125 people dead. Foreign pressure hardened too, with U.S. President Donald Trump imposing sanctions on Venezuela for alleged government rights abuses and corruption. Yet after facing down demonstrators, pushing through a controversial legislative superbody in a July vote also boycotted by the opposition, and notching a majority in October gubernatorial polls, Maduro has ridden out the storm for now.   I think the current government can fix things if they are allowed to get on with it,  said mechanic Melix Jordan, 56, voting for the government in a rural part of Paraguana. Social discontent is running deep, however. There is no sign so far of an alternative presidential candidate, despite calls in some quarters for popular billionaire businessman Lorenzo Mendoza to run.  My vote maybe doesn t change anything,  said gardener Hector Machado, 64, who voted for the opposition in Tachira state.  But I still have hope for something better next year.  ",1
12521,U.S. condemns threat to ban Venezuela opposition from elections,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department on Monday condemned Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro s threat to ban opposition parties from participating in next year s presidential elections.  The Venezuelan people deserve the right to express their views and consent to governance through a free and fair democratic process that is open to all candidates, the department said in a statement.  After three opposition parties boycotted mayoral elections on Sunday, Maduro said on Monday they should be banned from participating in future elections. ",1
12522,Tories lead for the first time since June election: Times,"(Reuters) - UK Prime Minister Theresa May s conservative party is leading in polls for the first time since the June election, according to a YouGov poll for the Times. Theresa May s advantage over Labour party s Jeremy Corbyn has doubled, the newspaper said. The YouGov poll, conducted on Sunday and Monday among 1,680 adults, suggested that May s Brexit deal appears to have improved her public standing and pushed the Tories ahead on 42 per cent with Labour at 41 per cent of the vote.  Liberal Democrats were at 7 per cent and the rest on 10 per cent, Times said. The public still does not think that the government is doing a good job on Brexit, but, Theresa May was the preferred choice for  best prime minister  with 37 percent of the votes. Only 28 percent voted for Jeremy Corbyn. The paper added that public did not shift its view on the referendum with 44 percent saying that Britain was right to vote to leave, and, 45 per cent said it was the wrong choice. ",1
12523,"PM May's deputy to keep job after pornography claims, ITV says","LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May s senior minister will not have to resign over claims that police found pornography on a work computer and that he made an inappropriate sexual advance against a young woman, ITV political editor Robert Peston said on Monday. First Secretary of State Damian Green will be told on Wednesday that the Cabinet Office and the prime minister will inform him that he can keep his job, Peston said on his Facebook page. May s office declined to comment on the report. Peston said no other women came forward to present evidence against Green and that police testimony does not prove he watched the porn on the parliamentary computer. Two retired police officers alleged the pornography was discovered on Green s computer by officers during an inquiry into government leaks in 2008. Earlier on Monday, a spokesman for the prime minister said there are procedures to go through in the investigation and once they are complete the government will publish the findings.  Green, who is a close ally of May, has denied the allegations. If Green is cleared it would be a boost to the prime minister after she lost two ministers last month: one was forced to quit in a sexual harassment scandal and another over undisclosed meetings with Israeli officials. ",1
12524,Leading French conservative quits party after right winger wins leadership,"PARIS (Reuters) - Right-wing heavyweight Xavier Bertrand quit France s main conservative party, The Republicans, on Monday, highlighting the challenges its new chief will face in trying to keep the party together.  The move comes a day after party members overwhelmingly elected Laurent Wauquiez as a their new boss, following a campaign during which he said President Emmanuel Macron was too weak on security and immigration.  I don t recognize my political family, so I decided to leave it,  Bertrand, a former health minister and current head of Hauts-de-France, a region in northern France, said on France 2 TV station.  Bertrand s move underlines growing concern among moderate members of The Republicans about the party s direction, after a disastrous presidential campaign that saw its candidate eliminated in the first round.   Some have said Wauquiez was hauling the party too far to the right and running after the National Front, whose leader Marine Le Pen made it to the second round of the presidential election last May.   Xavier Bertrand obviously considers that he has no place (in the party). It s his choice. I respect it,  Wauquiez said on TF1 TV station, in reaction to the news.  I move forward, I look to the future and what I want is to make a new generation emerge, this new right that live to its ideas,  he said.  ",1
