id,title,text,label
9519,Former Trump girlfriend rebuts NY Times story on history with women,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A woman at the center of a New York Times piece detailing Republican Donald Trump’s history with women took issue with the story on Monday, saying she never had a negative experience with the billionaire and does not believe he ever mistreated women. Rowanne Brewer Lane, a former model who dated Trump for several months starting in the late 1990s, said her words were mischaracterized in the Times article, which used dozens of interviews to show what it said was a pattern of unsettling personal behavior by the presidential candidate with women. The Times story said Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 election, asked Lane to change into a bikini shortly after meeting her at a pool party at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. According to the article, he then introduced her to the crowd outside, saying, “That is a stunning Trump girl, isn’t it?” On Monday, Lane told the same story in a series of television interviews but said she had been flattered by his comment. “They spun it to where it appeared negative,” Lane said on Fox News. “I did not have a negative experience with Donald Trump.” Lane said that during the time she and Trump were dating, he “never made me feel like I was being demeaned in any way.” She also said she supports Trump’s presidential run. The New York Times responded to Lane’s accusations by saying she was quoted “fairly, accurately and at length.” “The story provides context for the reader including that the swimsuit scene was the ‘start of a whirlwind romance’ between Ms. Brewer Lane and Mr. Trump,” Times spokeswoman Danielle Rhoades Ha said in a statement. Trump has deflected criticism about his attitude toward women throughout his campaign. On Monday, he called the New York Times “so dishonest.” “Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!” Trump posted on Twitter.     Times reporters Michael Barbaro and Megan Twohey defended their story in several television interviews on Monday, saying it showed how Trump behaved privately with women and revealed common themes including unwelcome advances, aggression and commentary on their appearance. “People can evaluate the story ... on its own merits,” Barbaro said on CBS “This Morning.” ",1
9520,House 2017 defense bill would face Obama veto: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s White House set up one last fight with the Republican-controlled Congress over defense spending on Monday, threatening to veto a 2017 defense authorization bill over its use of special war funds for day-to-day military programs. The House of Representatives draft of the $602 billion National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, which sets spending policy for the Department of Defense, would shift $18 billion of wartime Overseas Contingency Operations, or OCO, funds to avoid automatic budget cuts to military programs. The Obama administration objects to the use of that money, saying it threatens U.S. security and unfairly spares the Pentagon from cuts faced by important civilian programs such as medical research and education. “By gambling with warfighting funds, the bill risks the safety of our men and women fighting to keep America safe, undercuts stable planning and efficient use of taxpayer dollars, dispirits troops and their families, baffles our allies, and emboldens our enemies,” the White House said in a statement. House Republicans say the spending plan is essential to ensure that the military has the resources it needs, as it wages wars in Afghanistan and against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria. The Obama administration also objected to a long list of policy provisions in the bill, including measures making it more difficult to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba and cuts in funding for programs to train and equip local fighters in Iraq and Syria. Obama vetoed one version of the 2016 NDAA over its use of OCO funding and the Guantanamo restrictions. He later signed a modified version that addressed his budget concerns but left the Guantanamo measures in place. It will be months before the legislation passes Congress and arrives on Obama’s desk. The House draft has passed the House Armed Services Committee, and Republican leaders would like a vote by the full House as soon as Wednesday. However, lawmakers have offered 375 amendments on a huge range of issues. The Rules Committee was meeting late on Monday to decide which of those amendments might come up for a vote. The Senate is also drafting its version of the NDAA, which must be reconciled with the House’s before being subject to vote in both chambers. If passed, that version would be sent to the White House for Obama’s signature, or veto. ",1
9521,Cuba and United States draw up roadmap for talks to deepen detente,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba and the United States aim to reach new agreements on cooperation in law enforcement, health and agriculture over the coming months, a senior Cuban official said on Monday, as part of the former Cold War foes’ drive to normalize ties. The Communist-ruled island and its northern neighbor reestablished diplomatic relations a year ago after decades of hostility and have since signed deals on the environment, postal services and direct flights. A bilateral commission met on Monday in Havana to establish a roadmap for talks over the rest of this year, which would include more high-ranking official visits, said Josefina Vidal, head of the Cuban delegation. In March, Barack Obama became the first sitting U.S. president in 88 years to visit Cuba. “The agenda is quite ambitious,” Vidal told a news conference, adding that talks about intellectual property rights were also in the cards. The two sides had discussed holding dialogues on human rights and claims, the U.S. embassy in Cuba said in a statement. They already outlined their respective claims late last year, with the U.S. seeking upwards of $10 billion in compensation for nationalized properties and Cuba demanding at least $121 billion in reparations for the U.S. trade embargo and other acts it described as aggression. “The United States looks forward to holding these meetings in the near future,” the embassy said. “Tomorrow (we) will discuss specific steps related to bilateral security during the law enforcement dialogue.” Vidal, who is the Cuban Foreign Ministry’s chief of U.S. affairs, said the island was hopeful that whomever became next the U.S. president would continue to deepen the detente. The United States will hold a general election on Nov.8. “When you look at the polls, the majority of the American population and the Cuban American community are in favor of the normalization of relations,” she said. “So I expect their opinion will be taken into account.” ",1
9522,Divided lawmakers battle over Puerto Rico debt bill  ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A congressional committee on Monday put off plans to debate legislation on how to address Puerto Rico’s economic crisis, the latest sign of ongoing struggle by lawmakers to find a solution for the American territory’s crippling $70 billion debt. For months the Natural Resources Committee of the Republican-controlled House of Representatives has been weighing whether and how to rescue Puerto Rico from a crippling debt without spending any U.S. taxpayer money. A committee spokesman said the panel will unveil a new draft proposal soon and then consider that plan in a work session next week. House Speaker Paul Ryan has rejected any bailout of creditors and instead has been mulling the creation of an oversight board that would reschedule the U.S. territory’s debt payments. The committee repeatedly has had to hold off on such a work session because of a lack of agreement. Some of the panel’s 26 Republicans oppose any debt restructuring, while some of its 18 Democrats want limitations on the oversight board, and object to some side issues included in the bill, such as one having to do with the Caribbean island’s minimum wage law. On May 1, Puerto Rico, which is suffering from a 45 percent poverty rate, defaulted on some of its debt when it missed paying the Government Development Bank around $400 million. It faces another debt payment, of nearly $2 billion, on July 1. The Republican-led U.S. Senate has been awaiting action by the House before debating a Puerto Rico debt bill. ",1
9523,Obama administration releases rules on wellness programs,"(Reuters) - A federal agency on Monday released final rules on how employers can offer workers financial incentives of up to 30 percent of the cost of their cheapest health insurance plans to participate in wellness programs without violating federal laws protecting the confidentiality of medical information. The move from the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission aims to clear up confusion over the way two federal laws protecting employees’ medical privacy apply to the popular programs, which are designed to control medical spending by reducing obesity, smoking and other risk factors.  The rules, which were first proposed in November, mark a compromise with U.S. businesses that opposed the EEOC’s previous stance that providing incentives for voluntary wellness programs rendered them involuntary, and thus illegal. The 2010 Affordable Care Act allowed U.S. employers to increase the rewards they offer to employees who participate in wellness programs. But in a series of 2013 lawsuits against companies, including Honeywell International Inc, the EEOC said requests for medical information related to incentive-based wellness programs violated the Americans with Disabilities Act or the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act.  Under the new rules, incentives for wellness programs are open only to employees, not their families, and are capped at 30 percent of the cheapest individual health insurance premium offered through the employer. The new rules are more restrictive than those passed under the ACA, which allowed incentives of up to 30 percent of the actual cost of an employee’s insurance plan and 50 percent for programs approved by the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor and the Department of Health and Human Services. Only smoking-cessation programs received that approval. Senator Lamar Alexander (R.-Tennessee), chair of the Senate’s Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, said he would push legislation, along with House Republicans, to reverse the rules. The National Business Group on Health, a non-profit organization advocating for large healthcare employers, said that although it would have “hoped for some additional flexibility... the rules do what the EEOC was asked to do.” Some health and workers’ rights groups say the rules, which take effect next year, penalize employees who decline to join wellness programs and hand over private medical information. Maxwell Mehlman, a professor at Case Western Reserve University School of Law, said lower-income employees could be unduly pressured to join wellness programs. “It’s hard to say that that’s a voluntary program for a lot of people,” he said. ",1
9524,U.S. House to weigh $622.1 million in new Zika funding,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives will try to pass legislation this week providing $622.1 million in funds to fight the spreading Zika virus, far less than the Obama administration has been seeking. House Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers introduced the measure on Monday, according to a statement. The bill would offset the new spending by taking $352.1 million from an Ebola fund and another $270 million from a Department of Health and Human Services administrative account. The bill “will make dollars available to fight the disease now, prioritizing critical activities that must begin immediately, such as vaccine development and mosquito control,” Rogers said. The mosquito-borne Zika virus has been linked to severe birth defects and other neurological disorders and is beginning to show up in warm climates in U.S. southern states such as Florida. The Obama administration in February called for $1.9 billion in emergency funds that would not result in any government spending cuts elsewhere. The White House and health officials have expressed concerns in the past with taking money from Ebola programs to pay for Zika virus efforts. But in April, after the Republican-led Congress did not act, it found a temporary fix to fund the fight against Zika by redirecting $589 million, mostly from Ebola funds.   White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters on Monday that congressional inaction on supplemental funding meant that health officials are forced to resort to the equivalent of “digging through the sofa cushions to try to come up with the necessary money.” The House bill is also at odds with legislation being debated in the Senate. Competing proposals there would either give Obama the full $1.9 billion or at least $1.1 billion. The Senate is expected to cast initial votes on the alternatives on Tuesday. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid accused Republicans of being “beyond reckless” by being slow to send money to combat a “raging virus.” If the House and Senate approve competing versions they would have to reconcile their differences and pass one uniform bill before sending it to Obama for signing into law. Of the $622.1 million proposed by House Republicans, $230 million would go to the National Institutes of Health to help support the development of vaccines to stop the spread of Zika.  Other funds would be contributed to global health programs, through the State Department and U.S. Agency for International Development, and for the development of rapid diagnostic tests. ",1
9525,Appeals court revives challenge to California county's gun law,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Monday revived a lawsuit by prospective gun shop owners who were banned by Alameda County, California, from opening within 500 feet of a residential district, ruling that local officials had failed to justify their law in the face of a constitutional right to bear arms. A three-member panel of the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals did not strike down the local ordinance, but voted 2-1 to overturn a federal judge who threw the gun store owners’ lawsuit out of court. Gun rights groups quickly hailed the decision as an important protection of the Second Amendment. “We’re very happy to see the Court take a very principled and reasoned approach to protecting the fundamental, individual right to keep and bear arms,” Brandon Combs, executive director of the Calguns Foundation, said in a written statement.  The Ninth Circuit panel ordered that judge to take up the case again and said that if Alameda County wanted to enforce the gun-control ordinance, officials there would have to prove that there was a basis for the restrictions. “Alameda County’s ordinance may very well be permissible. Thus far, however, the county has failed to justify the burden it has placed on the right of law-abiding citizens to purchase guns,” Judge Diarmuid O’Scannlain wrote in a 34-page opinion for the majority.  “The Second Amendment (of the U.S. Constitution) requires something more rigorous than the unsubstantiated assertions offered to the district court,” O’Scannlain wrote. Representatives for the Alameda County Board of Supervisors could not immediately be reached for comment. In tossing the lawsuit out of court, the lower-court judge found that Alameda County’s gun restrictions were permissible to achieve such “important governmental objectives” as protecting public safety, preserving the character of residential areas and guarding against “secondary effects” of gun stores. But the Ninth Circuit majority said that Alameda County had not provided any evidence that such objectives would be achieved. The plaintiffs also asserted that no parcels in Alameda County would fit within the regulations, which meant that gun sales were effectively banned there. In dissenting from the majority, Judge Barry Silverman said that the ordinance did not infringe upon anyone’s right to bear arms and that “what we’re dealing with here is a mundane zoning dispute dressed up as a Second Amendment challenge.”     ",1
9526,Betting on a Trump win or a North Korea H-bomb: a predictions site gains traction,"NEW YORK/WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Erik Duhaime is a passive stock market investor, but he isn’t afraid to short Donald Trump or go long on Hillary Clinton. The 28-year-old from Cambridge, Massachusetts, trades on PredictIt, an online political stock market that allows users to wager small amounts of money on “yes” or “no” predictions about whether an event will occur. That includes who will win the U.S. presidential election in November. “This is probably one of the ways I restrain myself from being active in the stock market,” said Duhaime, a PhD student at Massachusetts Institute of Technology Sloan School of Management, who checks the site a few times a week for fun. PredictIt, which was launched in 2014, now has more than 30,000 traders registered, up from 19,000 at the end of 2015, and has received shout-outs from pundits and presidential campaign advisors alike. Users must be U.S. residents and registered voters. PredictIt says it is not like an online gambling site because it mainly exists to supply its data to universities for academic research, one of the main reasons the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission allows it to operate legally, according to a letter issued by the regulator in 2014. It is jointly run by Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand, and a Washington-based political consulting firm Aristotle International Inc.  Unlike mainstream financial markets, bets are not big: The CFTC caps each participant’s position at $850 per market, and the average deposit when people sign up is just $100. The regulator hasn’t been as friendly to such betting sites in the past. In 2012, the CFTC filed a civil complaint against the now defunct Intrade for violating a ban on off-exchange options trading. The Ireland-based market also allowed people to wager money on “yes” or “no” questions, but it wasn’t tied to an academic institution and didn’t have a cap on the maximum amount that could be traded.  Predictions markets like PredictIt and a similar venue run by the University of Iowa have emerged as an alternative to polling for election forecasters. PredictIt is bigger than the Iowa Electronic Markets, which has only about 2,000 active traders with access to its political markets. “Polling is very expensive,” said David Rothschild, an economist at Microsoft Research who runs a predictions-market aggregator called PredictWise, which draws heavily from PredictIt. “It’s a slow process. It’s not very flexible.” Knowledge of polls does also feed into betting decisions on PredictIt. “Predictions markets translate this and other information into probability,” said Rajiv Sethi, professor of economics at Barnard College. “The basic intuition is that it’s a ‘wisdom of crowds’ effect.”     For example, Trump’s chances of securing the Republican nomination for the presidential election swung dramatically on the site over the past three months as the primary season progressed. A Trump share shot from 30 cents in early February when he lost to rival Ted Cruz in the Iowa primary to 80 cents a month later when Trump dominated on Super Tuesday. They then lost half their value by early April as Cruz appeared to regain momentum with a big win in Wisconsin. With Cruz and another rival, John Kasich, now out of the race, Trump had risen to 94 cents by Monday. For graphic showing Trump's ascendancy on PredictIt during primary season, see tmsnrt.rs/1WmRq For November’s election, though, Trump is trailing on PredictIt with 40 cents against Clinton’s 59 cents.  While PredictIt’s precision has yet to be closely examined by academics, other predictions markets such as the Iowa Electronic Markets, have proven to be just as accurate as polls, experts who have studied them said. PredictIt markets go beyond topics related to U.S. elections. Users also put the probability of a North Korea hydrogen bomb test this year at only 29 cents, and a British exit from the European Union by 2017 at just 30 cents. The idea for PredictIt was first thought up in the mid-1990s by Lew Evans, professor of economics at the University of Victoria. It took until 2008, for the market, called “iPredict” in New Zealand, to get up and running.  Early on, it focused primarily on New Zealand politics, and research showed iPredict out-performed the majority of polls in predicting the results in two of New Zealand’s last three general elections. However, new anti-money laundering laws in New Zealand put an end to iPredict last year after the cost of verifying users’ identities to comply with the rules threatened to blow through iPredict’s shoe-string budget.   PredictIt attracts everyone from campaign volunteers to political junkies. In mid-April, about 30 PredictIt traders gathered at a bar in New York to watch the state’s primary results roll in. “I think it’s a good source of collective wisdom,” said Brian Hegarty, who was at the event. Hegarty, who worked for Kasich’s campaign, reads political news, but also relied on picking up information through his campaign experience. That didn’t always translate to a bet in favor of Kasich. He said he put money on Republican candidate Marco Rubio to win the Minnesota caucus because he had overheard someone who was working for the Florida senator express confidence about Rubio’s chances. It turned out to be one of the few states Rubio won before dropping out in mid-March. Duhaime, the MIT student, said he usually bets against candidates he believes are likely to flame out.  “For me, Trump was one of those people,” he said. “I shorted Trump way back in July, and it hasn’t been fun watching.”  After Trump’s win in Indiana in early May, Duhaime was down nearly $1,000, about a third of the money he put into PredictIt.  “I still think it was a one in a hundred thing,” Duhaime, who doesn’t identify as a Democrat but is a fan of President Barack Obama, said of the Trump phenomenon. “Obviously I’m bummed, but I’m sort of more concerned for other reasons.” (This version of the story corrects the spelling of Lew Evans) ",1
9527,National security adviser will not testify at House panel: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House confirmed on Monday that Ben Rhodes, the deputy national security adviser, would not testify at a House oversight panel on Iran on Tuesday. The panel had asked Rhodes to appear after a New York Times article had suggested that he had manipulated the public debate over the Iran deal.  ",1
9528,Obama says transgender rule is important aid to schools: BuzzFeed,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Monday that his administration’s guidance on transgender issues is needed to help schools grapple with the sensitive topic and ensure that all children are treated fairly. Obama, in an interview with BuzzFeed news website broadcast live on Facebook and YouTube, said schools had been asking the Department of Education how they should handle questions they were facing with transgender youths. “We think it was important for schools who want to go ahead and, in a very practical way, try to deal with the school year - What are they going to be doing next year? How should we approach this? - that we give them our best judgment about how to approach it,” Obama said. The Obama administration told U.S. public schools on Friday that transgender students must be allowed to use the bathroom of their choice, upsetting Republicans and raising the likelihood of fights over federal funding and legal authority. The Education and Justice Departments told school districts nationwide that while the guidance carries no legal weight, they must not discriminate against students, including based on their gender identity. Obama, who has two teenaged daughters, elaborated on the decision. “We’re talking about kids. And anybody who’s been in school, been in high school, who’s been a parent, I think, should realize that kids who are sometimes in the minority, kids who have a different sexual orientation or are transgender are subject to a lot of bullying, potentially,” Obama said. “They are vulnerable. And I think that it’s part of our obligation as a society to make sure that everybody is treated fairly and our kids are all loved and that they’re protected and that their dignity is affirmed,” he said. ",1
9529,'The Wire' actor Pierce arrested after scuffle over Democratic politics,"ATLANTA (Reuters) - Actor Wendell Pierce, who starred in HBO’s “The Wire,” was arrested in Atlanta over the weekend and charged with battery after an altercation sparked by differences in opinion about the U.S. presidential race, police said on Monday. The incident occurred early Saturday morning after Pierce, a Hillary Clinton backer, got into a political debate with a couple at the Loews Atlanta Hotel, according to an Atlanta Police Department arrest report. Media reports said the couple supported Clinton rival Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination. The police report said Pierce followed the couple through the hotel and tried to force his way into their room, and also that he pulled the woman’s hoodie off and hit her in the head. Pierce denied the allegations, police said, and no one needed medical attention. Pierce’s representatives could not be reached for comment. On Monday, Rutgers University-Newark said Pierce had withdrawn as the speaker for the school’s commencement this week, citing the incident. Pierce declined to give the address “in order to assure that commencement 2016 will be a celebration of the accomplishments of our students, free from distractions,” the school said in a statement, adding that journalist Soledad O’Brien would replace him as speaker. “In addition to his role as Baltimore police detective Bunk Moreland on HBO’s critically acclaimed ‘The Wire,’ Pierce, 52, is also known for roles on television shows including “Treme” and “The Odd Couple” as well as the film “Selma.”  He was arrested early on Saturday and released after posting a $1,000 bond, according to police and jail records. Media reports said Pierce, whose residence was listed as Pasadena, California, was staying at the Atlanta hotel while shooting a film.  ",1
9530,Treasury's Lew urges China to ensure fairness for U.S. exporters,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Monday urged China to implement economic reforms that will help ensure fairness for U.S. exporters. In a call with Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang, Lew called on Bejing to liberalize its investment environment, reduce excess industrial capacity in its metals sector, and establish a new set of official export credit disciplines to “create a level playing field” for U.S. exporters, Treasury said in a statement. ",1
9531,Philadelphia congressman orchestrated series of frauds: prosecutor,"(Reuters) - Representative Chaka Fattah of Pennsylvania and several associates orchestrated a series of fraudulent schemes to enrich the congressman and preserve his political career, federal prosecutors said at the start of his corruption trial on Monday. “The congressman stole from federal agencies, from taxpayers, from nonprofit educational groups he created,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul Gray told a Philadelphia jury. “He even stole from his own political campaigns.” But defense lawyers said the government’s case relied almost entirely on the word of two convicted felons who received favorable plea deals. “Congressman Fattah had nothing to do with any of it,” said Mark Lee, a lawyer for Fattah. The 59-year-old Fattah, an 11-term congressman who represents parts of Philadelphia, lost the Democratic primary in April under the cloud of a wide-ranging indictment charging him with racketeering, bribery and fraud. Some of the alleged schemes stemmed from Fattah’s unsuccessful 2007 mayoral campaign, when prosecutors say he accepted a secret and illegal $1 million loan from Al Lord, former chief executive officer of student loan servicer SLM Corp, known as Sallie Mae. Following the race, Fattah convinced Karen Nicholas, who ran his nonprofit educational organization, to transfer charitable and federal grant money to pay Lord back, Gray said. Separately, Fattah owed consultant Thomas Lindenfeld more than $100,000. With no funds to repay him, Fattah encouraged Lindenfeld to apply for federal money for a nonprofit that didn’t exist, prosecutors said. In a third scheme, Fattah funneled campaign money through another consultant, Gregory Naylor, to pay off his son’s student debt, prosecutors said. The son, Chaka Fattah Jr., was convicted in an unrelated fraud case and sentenced earlier this year to five years in prison. Both Lindenfeld and Naylor have pleaded guilty in exchange for testifying against Fattah. Prosecutors also said Fattah accepted bribes from a close friend, retired businessman Herb Vederman, who was seeking a U.S. ambassadorship. Fattah personally appealed to President Barack Obama to appoint Vederman to an international post. “Congressman Fattah used Herb Vederman as a human ATM machine whenever he needed a little money,” Gray said. But lawyers for Fattah and Vederman said prosecutors had “cherry-picked” evidence to suggest a bribery scheme when the two men simply acted out of friendship. Nicholas, Vederman and two other Fattah associates, consultant Robert Brand and campaign treasurer Bonnie Bowser, are co-defendants in the trial, which is expected to last eight weeks. ",1
9532,Trump says unlikely to have good relationship with UK's Cameron,"LONDON (Reuters) - Donald Trump said he was unlikely to have a good relationship with David Cameron because the British prime minister cast the U.S. presidential candidate as “divisive, stupid and wrong” for proposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. Cameron criticised Trump in the British parliament over his call for the ban on Muslims and suggested that the New York billionaire, who is now the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, would unite Britain against him if he visited. “It looks like we’re not going to have a very good relationship, who knows?” Trump told Britain’s ITV television station in an interview aired on Monday when asked how ties would fare if he won the U.S. presidential election on Nov. 8. “Well number one, I’m not stupid, okay. I can tell you that right now. Just the opposite. Number Two, in terms of divisive: I don’t think I’m a divisive person. I’m a unifier, unlike our president right now,” Trump said, referring to Barack Obama. Cameron’s spokesman said the prime minister stood by his original comments. The United States is Britain’s closest ally. U.S. companies are the biggest foreign direct investors in Britain and the so- called ‘special relationship’ with Washington has been the cornerstone of British diplomacy since World War Two. Trump’s often controversial comments on everything from Muslims and women to the future of NATO and relations with Russia have drawn criticism from Berlin, Paris and other European capitals. But neither Germany’s Angela Merkel nor France’s Francois Hollande have gone as far as Cameron in chiding Trump who, if he wins in November, would be in charge of the world’s most powerful nation and largest economy from January 20 next year. Cameron will work with whoever is elected U.S. president and is committed to maintaining the special relationship, the prime minister’s spokesman said. “The PM has made his views on Donald Trump’s comments very clear. He disagrees with them,” the spokesman said. “He continues to believe that preventing Muslims from entering the U.S. is divisive, stupid and wrong. He stands by his comments.” The spokesman refused to answer questions on who Cameron would like to see win in November but said there was no telephone call or meeting planned with Trump, adding: “If one is proposed we will consider it.” On a more conciliatory note, Cameron has said Trump deserves respect for making it through the gruelling Republican primary process. The Times newspaper also reported last month Cameron had ordered diplomats to attempt to repair relations with Trump. “I hope to have a good relationship with him but it sounds like he’s not willing to address the problem either,” Trump told ITV. Trump also criticised London’s newly elected Muslim mayor Sadiq Khan for making “very rude statements”. Trump had initially welcomed Khan’s election and said he would make an exception in the event of a ban on Muslims for him entering the United States, drawing a sharp reply from Khan. “Donald Trump’s ignorant view of Islam could make both our countries less safe - it risks alienating mainstream Muslims around the world and plays into the hands of the extremists,” Khan said. Responding to this criticism in the ITV interview, Trump said: “He doesn’t know me, never met me, doesn’t know what I am all about. I think they are very rude statements. Frankly, tell him I will remember those statements. They are very nasty statements. It is ignorant for him to say that.” ",1
9533,Democrats use Trump as bogeyman to get people to vote,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic Party activists in some U.S. states are using Donald Trump, the Republican presidential candidate who has stirred controversy with his comments about illegal immigrants and women, as the centerpiece of their “get out the vote” campaign for the November elections. In California, canvassers from the Orange County Democrats carry pictures of Trump when they knock on doors ahead of the June 7 California primary. They ask if people will vote in the primary, and warn that if they don’t help pick the strongest possible Democrat, “this guy will win,” said Henry Vandermeir, the local party chairman in Orange County, a traditionally Republican island in the state.  Democrats in New Hampshire have unveiled Trump/Sununu lawn signs, looking to tie Republican gubernatorial candidate Chris Sununu to the presumptive Republican presidential nominee on issues such as climate change (Trump is a skeptic) and healthcare. One sign reads: “Trump/Sununu. Because Health Care Is For Losers,” a swipe at Trump’s vow to repeal the Affordable Care Act, President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. “Every state party is trying to maximize what they can get out of this difference (between candidates) and to tie Trump to the Republicans in the state,” said Holly Shulman, a spokeswoman for the New Hampshire Democratic Party.  The Trump campaign did not respond to a request for comment. To be sure, Republicans appear likely to use Hillary Clinton, the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination who is also a polarizing figure, in a similar fashion.  “There is no better volunteer recruitment tool, fundraising pitch, or unifier for the Republican Party than the prospect of a Hillary Clinton presidency that will surely take us further backwards,” the Republican National Committee said in a statement. Democrats are also looking to tie Trump to Republican Senate candidates on the Nov. 8 ballot as they seek to regain control of the chamber they lost in the 2014 congressional elections. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee last week released so-called “Trump cards” online, equating several Republican senators’ policy positions with those of the New York developer.     For Pennsylvania Republican Pat Toomey and New Hampshire’s Kelly Ayotte, for example, the DSCC highlighted how they and Trump oppose a federal minimum wage hike.  The DSCC also launched a website in March, partyoftrump.com, which labeled some senators “Retrumplicans” and asked for donations to help fight senators who support Trump. Recent polls suggest that a Trump/Clinton matchup could be a tight race. The two candidates were in a dead heat in the three key swing states of Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania in a Quinnipiac University poll earlier in May. And a Reuters poll this month showed that much of the backing for Clinton and Trump comes from people whose primary motivation is to stop the other side from winning, rather than any love for either of the two candidates or their policies.     The strategy of highlighting opposing candidates is not without risks, according to Bruce Newman, the author of “The Marketing Revolution in Politics: What Recent U.S. Presidential Campaigns Can Teach Us About Effective Marketing.” If Trump - who shocked pundits by beating 16 other Republican hopefuls for the nomination - proves more attractive to the general electorate than Hillary Clinton, then tying him to other Republicans could hurt Democrats “We don’t know how popular this guy is going to get,” Newman said. “This is just the beginning.” (This version of the story has been refiled to add dropped “to” in final paragraph) ",1
9534,"British PM Cameron stands by 'divisive, stupid and wrong' comment on Trump: spokesman","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister David Cameron stands by his description of Donald Trump’s proposal for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States as “divisive, stupid and wrong”, a spokesman said on Monday. Trump, when asked about Cameron’s criticism, said such comments indicate he is unlikely to have a good relationship with the British prime minister. “The prime minister has made his views on Donald Trump’s comments very clear. He disagrees with them,” the spokesman said. “He continues to believe that preventing Muslims from entering the U.S. is divisive, stupid and wrong. He stands by his comments.” Asked who Cameron would prefer to be the next president, the spokesman said he would not comment on another country’s election but said the British leader had been clear he would work with whoever won. “He is committed to maintaining the special relationship,” he said. The spokesman said no meeting or call between Cameron and Republican candidate Trump was currently planned, but if one were proposed the prime minister would consider it. ",1
9535,Trump aide dismisses audio tape as Democrats raise character issue,"WASHINGTON, 2016 - A top aide to Donald Trump said on Sunday he did not believe the Republican presidential front-runner posed as his own spokesman to brag about his personal life, a controversy that came as Democrats sharpen their attacks on the billionaire’s character.  The Washington Post released an audio recording on Friday of a man who identified himself as Trump publicist “John Miller” and talked about the real estate tycoon’s romantic encounters in a 1991 conversation with a People magazine reporter. After listening to the tape while appearing on CNN’s “State of the Union” show, senior Trump adviser Paul Manafort said he did not believe it was the Republican candidate’s voice despite his past admissions of sometimes using a pseudonym.  “I could barely understand it,” Manafort said. “I couldn’t tell who it is. Donald Trump says it’s not him, I believe it’s not him.” Trump told NBC’s “Today” show on Friday that the voice was not his, although he has admitted in years past to using at least one pseudonym to speak to reporters.  The original People article, which ran in 1991, winkingly described Miller as “a mysterious PR man who sounds just like Donald.” Within a few days of that article, Sue Carswell, the People reporter who originally made the recording, reported that Trump had admitted that he posed as Miller as a joke and had apologized for it. Trump earlier this month effectively locked up the Republican nomination to run in the Nov. 8 presidential election and has been working to try to unify his party after many of its leaders opposed his candidacy. Leading Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s allies have described Trump as “deceptive” and honed in on his treatment of women. Clinton has begun attacking Trump more aggressively since he effectively secured the nomination, deriding his character and recently suggesting he is hiding something by not releasing his tax returns. Trump has reacted angrily to criticism he sometimes reduces women to their appearances, and in turn has criticized Clinton for how she and her husband, Bill Clinton, treated women who accused the former president of sexual indiscretions. Bill Clinton has admitted to having extra-marital affairs with two women: Monica Lewinsky, a White House intern, and Gennifer Flowers, a singer and actor from Arkansas.   On Sunday, Trump used his Twitter account to deride a New York Times article in which several women said he had “unnerved” them over the years with comments about their looks and unwelcome advances. The article also said he had a good track record of promoting women to senior positions, which was rare in the real estate industry. “Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women,” went one message posted on Trump’s account on Sunday. Democratic President Barack Obama used a commencement speech at a university on Sunday to criticize Trump’s positions, including a proposal to temporarily ban non-American Muslims from entering the United States. “Isolating or disparaging Muslims, suggesting that they should be treated differently when it comes to entering this country, that is not just a betrayal of our values, that is not who Americans are,” he told the students at Rutgers University in New Jersey.  Although it was widely reported in the early 1990s that Trump sometimes posed as a fake spokesman in order to shape media coverage, the recording of what is said to be such an occurrence only emerged a few days ago. It quickly rippled through American media. The comedy television program “Saturday Night Live” showed a skit with an actor posing as Trump calling reporters pretending to be his own spokesman, named John Pepperoni. Trump’s willingness to pose as a fake spokesman first emerged in 1990, when he testified during a lawsuit that he had used the pseudonym John Baron, sometimes rendered in news reports as John Barron, when speaking to journalists by telephone. “Lots of people use pen names,” Newsday quoted Trump as saying after his testimony. “Ernest Hemingway used one.”  ",1
9536,"Trump, Biden attend same Pennsylvania college graduation","(Reuters) - Presidential politics crept into the graduation ceremony at the University of Pennsylvania on Sunday, with presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and Democratic Vice President Joe Biden in attendance to cheer on family members. The two men sat relatively near each other at the event in Philadelphia, where the Trump family gathered to watch the real estate tycoon’s daughter, Tiffany, graduate from the Ivy League school. Biden came to support granddaughter Naomi. Tiffany Trump, 22, is the daughter of Trump and his ex-wife Marla Maples. Naomi Biden is named after the vice president’s one-year-old daughter, who died in a 1972 car accident along with the girl’s mother, Biden’s first wife. Donald Trump, who earlier this month effectively secured the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election, also attended the University of Pennsylvania, graduating from its Wharton business school. Biden, who is not running in the 2016 election, has been a bitter critic of Trump’s policies and campaign tactics, calling the Republican front-runner’s remark that Mexico was sending rapists and other criminals across the border a “sick message.” ",1
9537,Trump says Brexit wouldn't impact potential UK-U.S. trade deal if he is president: ITV,"LONDON (Reuters) - Presumptive U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said Britain leaving the European Union would make no difference to a potential bilateral trade deal if he became president, according to an interview clip aired by broadcaster ITV on Sunday. During a visit to London last month President Barack Obama told Britons that if they elected to leave the EU in a June 23 referendum they would be at “the back of the queue” for a U.S. trade deal. “I am going to treat everybody fairly but it wouldn’t make any difference to me whether they were in the EU or not,” Trump said in an interview with Piers Morgan, due to be aired in full on ITV on Monday. “You would certainly not be back of the queue, that I can tell you.” ",1
9538,Facebook's Zuckerberg to meet conservatives on political bias flap,"(Reuters) - Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg will meet this week with prominent conservatives in the media, a spokesman said on Sunday, to address allegations of political bias at the popular social networking site. Some 12 “conservative thought leaders” will join the meeting with Zuckerberg on Wednesday, a Facebook spokesman said. Among the invitees are media personality Glenn Beck, Fox News Channel’s “The Five” co-host Dana Perino and Zac Moffatt, co-founder of Targeted Victory, a technology company that aims to bring transparency to media buying. Facebook came under fire last week when an unnamed former employee told technology news website Gizmodo that workers often omitted conservative political stories from the company’s “trending” list of topics. Zuckerberg said Facebook has “found no evidence that this report is true,” but would continue to investigate. A U.S. Senate committee has also opened an inquiry into Facebook’s practices. Beck, a former Fox News host, took to Facebook early Sunday to say he is going to the meeting in Menlo Park, California, and  “it would be interesting to look him (Zuckerberg) in the eye as he explains.” “While they are a private business and I support their right to run it any way they desire without government interference,” Beck said, “it would be wonderful if a tool like face book [sic] INDEPENDENTLY CHOSE to hold up Freedom of speech and freedom of association as a corporate principle.” On Friday, Facebook outlined its “Trending Topics” guidelines in its media relations section and stated that reviewers are neither allowed nor advised to discriminate against sources.  Facebook, now valued at around $350 billion, has become a bigger source of news for its more than 1 billion daily active users. Sixty-three percent of users, or 41 percent of all U.S. adults, say they get news from the site, according to a study last year by the Pew Research Center and the Knight Foundation.  ",1
9539,Trump has a history of questionable behavior with women: NY Times,"(Reuters) - Interviews with dozens of women who have worked for Donald Trump or interacted with him socially reveal a pattern of often unsettling personal behavior by the Republican presidential candidate, The New York Times reported on Saturday.  The Times, which said it based the article on more than 50 interviews, quoted women who recounted episodes in which he treated women as sexual objects and made comments about their bodies. But some women said Trump had encouraged them in their careers and promoted them within his businesses, often in positions in which women tended to be excluded. When asked about the unflattering incidents described in the article, Trump either denied that they took place or disputed the details, the newspaper said. “A lot of things get made up over the years,” Trump told the Times. “I have always treated women with great respect.” A Trump representative did not immediately respond to a request by Reuters for comment. Barbara Res, who oversaw construction of Trump’s Manhattan business headquarters, said he would sometimes interrupt meetings with comments about women’s figures.  During a job interview for a Los Angeles project, for example, Trump made a random aside about Southern California women. “They take care of their asses,” Res recalled Trump saying. Years later, when Res says she had gained weight, she said Trump told her: “You like your candy.” Even so, Res, who worked for Trump for 12 years before quitting and then came back as a consultant for six more, said she was grateful to Trump for her professional opportunities, though she said he frequently called her “Honey Bunch,” the Times reported.   Trump also earned a reputation for being seen with beautiful women dating back to his days at a New York military-style boarding school where he was named “ladies’ man” in the yearbook, the Times reported.   Barbara Fife, a deputy New York mayor in the 1990s, recalls Trump telling her at her City Hall office that he was in a hurry because he had “a great date tonight with a model for Victoria’s Secret,” she told the Times. “I saw it as immature, quite honestly,” Fife was quoted as saying. As a candidate, Trump has made frequent references to his record in business as evidence of how American women would benefit if he is elected. He has often said that no one “cherishes” or “respects” women more than him.        Some of those interviewed praised Trump for giving women positions of power. “I think there are mischaracterizations about him,” Jill Martin, assistant counsel at the Trump Organization, told the Times. “For me, he’s made it a situation where I can really excel at my job and still devote the time necessary for my family.” The story comes less than two weeks after the last of Trump’s Republican rivals dropped out, all but assuring him the party’s presidential nomination this summer.  Throughout his improbable campaign, Trump has managed to deflect criticism about his attitude to women, fueled by verbal insults he lobbed at Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly and former Republican candidate Carly Fiorina.  ",1
9540,Obama toasts Nordic nations after Russia-focused summit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama toasted Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Iceland at a star-studded state dinner on Friday, lauding the nations for their global influence on civil rights, humanitarian issues and curbing climate change. The red carpet glamor followed a White House summit where Obama and the leaders of the five nations presented a united front against Moscow’s recent military aggression in Ukraine and the Baltic region. But the meeting was more about soft diplomacy than launching ambitious foreign policy endeavors, given that Obama’s second and final term ends in January. Americans will vote in presidential elections on Nov. 8. “I thought this was a very useful and important conversation, although there was probably too much agreement to make for as exciting a multilateral meeting as I sometimes participate in,” Obama said. More than 300 guests including rapper Common, comedian Will Farrell and actress Tracee Ellis Ross mingled with diplomats, tech and Fortune 500 CEOs, White House officials, and political donors in a glass-ceiling tent built around a tree on the South Lawn. Hand-rolled beeswax candles and strings of lights reflected off ten-foot pillars of ice, an homage to the northern lights. Pop star Demi Lovato, known for her support of liberal causes, was set to perform after a Nordic-inspired meal of ahi tuna, tomato tartare and red wine-braised beef short ribs. “It’s a great opportunity to drink wine and make progress on the most serious issues of our time,” Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, told reporters on her way into the dinner. The summit was aimed in part at sending a message to a nation not on the guest list: Russia, which annexed Ukraine’s Crimea region in 2014 and has stepped up its military posture. The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) is planning its biggest build-up in eastern Europe since the Cold War to try to deter further Russian aggression, and Denmark and Norway said on Friday they would contribute to the “enhanced allied forward presence” with NATO. “We will be maintaining ongoing dialogue and seek cooperation with Russia, but we also want to make sure that we are prepared and strong, and we want to encourage Russia to keep its military activities in full compliance with international obligations,” Obama said after the summit. Obama has long expressed admiration for the pragmatic and liberal-leaning politics of the Nordic nations. “There have been times where I’ve said, why don’t we just put all these small countries in charge for a while? And they could clean things up,” Obama said. (This version of the story corrects the title of Samantha Power in the eighth paragraph) ",1
9541,"Obama: US, Nordic nations agree sanctions against Russia should continue","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Friday that he and leaders from five Nordic nations agreed on the need to maintain sanctions against Russia. During a summit meeting with the leaders of Denmark, Sweden, Iceland, Norway and Finland, Obama said the countries were united in their concern about Russia’s “aggressive military presence” in the Nordic region. ",1
9542,"U.S., Nordic nations call on Russia's military to comply with obligations ","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Five Nordic countries and the United States on Friday called on Russia to ensure its military maneuvers are in compliance with international obligations, in a joint statement during a summit at the White House.  The leaders of Denmark and Norway also said in the statement they are prepared to join the United States in contributing to an “enhanced allied forward presence” with NATO ahead of the organization’s summit this summer in Warsaw.  ",1
9543,U.S. tells schools to give transgender students bathroom rights,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration told U.S. public schools on Friday that transgender students must be allowed to use the bathroom of their choice, upsetting Republicans and raising the likelihood of fights over federal funding and legal authority.  Conservatives pushed back against the administration’s non-binding guidance to schools, the latest battleground in the issue of rights for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender Americans.  Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said the guidance “must be challenged.” “If President Obama thinks he can bully Texas schools into allowing men to have open access to girls in bathrooms, he better prepare for yet another legal fight,”  Paxton, a Tea Party champion, said in a statement. Other Republican-led states joined calls to disregard the White House’s directive and accused the administration of overstepping its role. In North Carolina, Governor Pat McCrory labeled the move a “massive executive branch overreach” and called on federal courts and the U.S. Congress to intercede, while Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson said it was “offensive, intrusive and totally lacking in common sense.” The U.S. Education and Justice Departments, in a letter, told school districts nationwide that while the guidance carries no legal weight, they must not discriminate against students, including based on their gender identity. The guidance contained an implicit threat that school districts defying the Obama administration’s interpretation of the law could face lawsuits or be deprived of federal aid. The White House defended its actions, saying the guidance should not be viewed as a threat but instead as a set of “specific, tangible, real-world advice and suggestions” that many schools had sought and will welcome. “That’s what we’re looking for: solutions that protect the safety and dignity of every single student in school,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters at a daily briefing, adding that the idea was to prevent discrimination against a range of groups extending beyond the transgender community.    The directive came as the Justice Department and North Carolina are battling in federal court over a North Carolina state law approved in March that prohibits people from using public restrooms not corresponding to their gender assigned at birth, while other states weigh similar measures. North Carolina’s law was the first to ban people from restrooms in public buildings and schools not matching the sex on their birth certificate. Mississippi has enacted legislation similarly viewed as discriminatory by civil and gay rights groups, and Tennessee and Missouri considered similar measures. The letter to the schools from Washington said that, to get federal funding under existing rules, a school has to agree not to treat students or activities differently on the basis of sex. That includes not treating a transgender student differently from other students of the same gender identity, officials said. The American Civil Liberties Union said the guidance would help make students “free to bring their whole selves to school.” In a sign of what defiant states may face, the Justice Department this week asked a U.S. District Court in North Carolina to declare the state in violation of the 1964 Civil Rights Act and order it to stop enforcing the ban. Americans are divided over which public restrooms should be used by transgender people, a Reuters/Ipsos poll showed, with 44 percent saying people should use them according to their biological sex and 39 percent saying they should be used according to the gender with which they identify. A group representing U.S. school boards called the guidance “unsettled law.” “A dispute about the intent of the federal law must ultimately be resolved by the courts and the Congress,” the National School Boards Association said in a statement.  Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, was less critical than many of his party in several television interviews, saying the issue should be left up to individual states.  “Everybody has to be protected ... but it’s a tiny, tiny portion of the population,” Trump told Fox News. ",1
9544,"Trump taps climate change skeptic as energy adviser, pushes back on taxes","WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump on Friday picked a prominent climate change skeptic to help him craft his energy policy and pushed back against renewed calls that he release his income tax returns - saying his tax rate is “none of your business.” The presumptive Republican presidential nominee is seeking to build out his policy proposals as he pivots from campaigning for his party’s nomination to a likely general election matchup with Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. Among those he has asked for help is U.S. Republican Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota, one of the country’s most ardent oil and gas drilling advocates and climate change skeptics. North Dakota has been at the forefront of the U.S. shale oil and gas boom.  Trump’s team asked Cramer, who has endorsed Trump, to write a white paper, or detailed report, on his energy policy ideas, according to Cramer and sources familiar with the matter. Cramer said in an interview that his white paper would emphasize the dangers of foreign ownership of U.S. energy assets, as well as what he characterized as burdensome taxes and over-regulation. Trump will have an opportunity to float some of the ideas at an energy summit in Bismarck, North Dakota on May 26, Cramer said.     The senator was also among a group of Trump advisers who recently met with lawmakers from Western energy states, who hope Trump will open more federal land for drilling, a lawmaker who took part in the meeting said. A spokeswoman for Trump’s campaign did not comment. Environmental groups, and Clinton’s campaign, quickly attacked Trump for tapping Cramer. “Kevin Cramer has consistently backed reckless and dangerous schemes to put the profits of fossil fuel executives before the health of the public, so he and Trump are a match made in polluter heaven,” Sierra Club Legislative Director Melinda Pierce said in an emailed statement. The Clinton campaign also criticized the move.     “Donald Trump’s choice of outspoken climate (change) denier Kevin Cramer to advise him on energy policy is just the latest piece of evidence that letting him get near the White House would put our children’s health and futures at risk,” said campaign spokesman Jesse Ferguson. Trump has been light on the details of his energy policy, though he recently told supporters in West Virginia that the coal industry would thrive if he were president. He has also claimed global warming is a concept “created by and for the Chinese” to hurt U.S. business. Clinton, meanwhile, has advocated shifting the country to 50 percent clean energy by 2030, promised heavy regulation of fracking, and said her prospective administration would put coal companies “out of business.” Trump also took heat on Friday for not releasing his tax returns, something that American presidential candidates have done for decades. Clinton and her rival, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, have both released their returns. Trump has said the Internal Revenue Service was auditing his returns and he wanted to wait until the review was over before making them public. “It should be, and I hope it’s before the election,” Trump told ABC’s “Good Morning America.” Pressed on what tax rate he pays, Trump refused to say. “It’s none of your business,” he said. The candidate has said there is nothing voters can learn from his tax filings.  Tax filings show sources of income, both from within the United States and other countries, as well as charitable giving, investments, deductions and other financial information. The IRS declined to comment on whether Trump or any other presidential candidates were being audited. However, the Trump campaign earlier this year released a letter from his attorneys saying his personal tax returns have been under “continuous examination” from the IRS. This week, Clinton began calling on her probable Republican rival to release his returns. Last August, the former U.S. secretary of state posted the past eight years of tax returns for her and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, on her website. Sanders released his 2014 return in April.  Presidential candidates have a long history in the modern era of releasing their tax returns. “In 1976, Gerald Ford did not release his returns, but he did release some information about his taxes,” said Joseph Thorndike, director of the Tax History Project at Tax Analysts, a nonprofit, nonpartisan group that provides tax news and analysis. “That was the last time that a major party nominee hasn’t done it,” he said.  (Refiling to change dateline, previous WASHINGTON.)     ",1
9545,First $200 admission for a Trump rally; more to come?,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The email Donald Trump’s campaign sent inviting fans to a rally next week looked familiar: “Meet me in New Jersey!” it urged. But something was different. “You will need to buy a ticket to get into the rally,” it added. The cost: $200. During the months-long battle for the Republican presidential nomination, rallies staged by Trump, the party’s likely candidate in the Nov. 8 election, were free and open to anyone with the stamina to withstand half a day’s wait outside and a heady hour packed into a sports stadium or warehouse. Supporters could buy snacks or hats or T-shirts while they waited, but they never had to pay for admission. The May 19 rally advertised in the email is a fundraiser for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a former presidential rival now working for Trump who, according to news reports, needs to retire debt from his own failed campaign. The emailed invitation to supporters said it will be a fundraiser. It was not clear whether Trump will charge for rallies that are not specifically designated as fundraisers.  The New York billionaire has claimed he was self-funding his campaign and did not need donations. He has financed his offensive in the nominating phase of the race for the White House with loans to himself as well as around $12 million in unsolicited donations from fans. Now that Trump is pivoting toward the general election, where conventional estimates put the cost of winning at around $1 billion, things are changing.  The move to charge admission for some appearances was just one harbinger of a new relationship between Trump and his fans, many of whom cited their perception of his financial independence as a major factor behind their support. It will test the loyalty of those who have swelled his rallies to capacity, either transforming huge crowds into cash cows or creating more breathing room in the places where he appears.      When asked whether the format of the Christie fundraiser rally would be repeated in the future, Trump’s spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, did not comment. “This is a fundraiser for Governor Christie,” she said. Supporters have said Trump’s about-face on fundraising does not bother them. Susan Kihne, a Mandan, North Dakota resident who snagged a ticket to see Trump speak at a petroleum conference later this month decided the $30 it cost her was worth it. “He’s self-funded up until now, so I don’t mind supporting him,” she said. ",1
9546,Puerto Rico debt bill due in 'coming days': House Speaker Ryan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Friday an updated bill dealing with Puerto Rico’s debt will be introduced in “the coming days.” “Right now, we are working with the Natural Resources committee, the administration, and our Democratic counterparts to iron out the final constitutional and legal questions surrounding the legislation,” Ryan said in a statement. “Let me be clear: There will be no taxpayer bailout of Puerto Rico,” he added. ",1
9547,U.S. guidance on school restroom choice opposed by some states,"(Reuters) - Transgender students cheered the Obama administration’s directive on Friday requiring U.S. public schools to allow them to use toilets and locker rooms consistent with their gender identity while some school districts said they would not comply. “This is the strongest guidance to date from the federal government to schools instructing them on how they must treat transgender students fairly and without discrimination,” said Ilona Turner, legal director at the Transgender Law Center in California.  “This will be something that courts will have to give great weight to.” The letter, signed by officials from the U.S. Education and Justice Departments, intensified the debate over balancing equal rights with privacy concerns.  The Obama administration told U.S. public schools on Friday that transgender students must be allowed to use the bathroom of their choice, upsetting Republicans and raising the likelihood of fights over federal funding and legal authority. Transgender student Gavin Grimm, who won a U.S. appeals court ruling in April in his fight over bathroom access at his Virginia high school, said he was happy with the support from the Obama administration. “This guidance would have made a big difference in my life,” he wrote on Twitter.   Educators are facing scrutiny and legal action over access to toilets and locker rooms based on gender identity versus a student’s sex at birth. The federal government’s position is that U.S. laws against sex discrimination in educational programs include gender identity. Friday’s directive was the broadest attempt to enforce that stance on a national basis.  But North Carolina’s Lieutenant Governor Dan Forest said in a statement that the state would “not stand by and let our locker rooms and high school showers be used for social experimentation at the expense of the privacy and protection of our young boys and girls.”  Forest advised schools to reject the policy and said a state law enacted in March restricting bathroom choice for transgender people trumped the administration’s “non-binding directive.” North Carolina is locked in a high-profile legal battle with the federal government over its “bathroom bill.” On Monday, Republican leaders of the state’s legislature said they had sued the U.S. Justice Department over the state’s law restricting public bathroom access for transgender people. That lawsuit came hours after North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory sued the Justice Department, accusing it of overreaching after federal lawyers said the state’s law requiring public bathroom use based on birth gender was a civil rights violation.    In Florida, Marion County Public Schools showed no sign of backing down from a resolution passed in April requiring students to use the bathroom that corresponds with the gender on their birth certificate. “I don’t believe our board will reverse the decision unless it is instructed by the courts,” the school system’s spokesman Kevin Christian said in a telephone interview. Mississippi’s Department of Education said it would comply with the federal guidance. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio signed an executive order in March allowing a person of any gender to choose whether to use a men’s or women’s toilet or locker room in all municipal properties including public parks, pools, and playgrounds. The order requires city agencies to post the policy in conspicuous locations within three months and to train all employees within two years. New York City’s action came a week after South Dakota Governor Dennis Daugaard vetoed a bill that would have made the state the first to limit transgender students to bathrooms and locker rooms that correspond with their birth gender. In November, Houston voters overwhelmingly rejected a measure known as the “bathroom ordinance” that would have established non-discrimination protections for gay and transgender people. Nationwide, 22 percent of transgender and gender non-conforming people report being denied access to appropriate bathrooms at work, and 26 percent report being denied access to bathrooms in an educational setting, according to a survey conducted by the National Center for Transgender Equality and the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force. ",1
9548,Exclusive: U.S. to renew most Myanmar sanctions with changes to aid business,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States plans to renew the bulk of its sanctions against Myanmar when they expire next week, but will make some  changes aimed at boosting investment and trade, according to several senior U.S. officials and congressional aides. An announcement on extending much of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, or IEEPA, could come as soon as Tuesday ahead of a visit to the Southeast Asian nation by Secretary of State John Kerry on May 22, officials said. The U.S. Treasury Department has significantly eased sanctions against Myanmar by issuing general licenses that give companies and investors exemptions to sanctions targeting more than 100 individuals and businesses, including some of Myanmar’s biggest business players. U.S. officials began lifting trade and financial sanctions against the country after military leaders launched reforms that led to a civilian government being formed in 2011, beginning its transformation from a half-century as an international pariah. In December, Treasury temporarily relaxed trade restrictions on the country also known as Burma by allowing all shipments to go through its ports and airports for six months. This time, Washington will likely offer more general licenses to specific companies, and take some people off Treasury’s list of “Specially Designated Individuals” targeted for sanctions, congressional aides and U.S. officials said. Kerry’s visit to Myanmar is his first since the party of Aung San Suu Kyi, the country’s Nobel laureate, swept to power following a landslide election win in November. A constitution drafted by the country’s former military rulers bars her from becoming president. President Barack Obama’s opening to Myanmar followed by its peaceful transition to an elected government is seen as one of his foreign policy achievements. He has visited there twice. But the administration also wants to maintain leverage on the country to guard against backsliding on reforms and to press for improvement on human rights. By renewing the legal framework for sanctions even as it eases some measures, Obama will offer the private sector more breathing room while maintaining pressure on its military, which still holds significant political power. The sanctions had been due to expire on May 20. Washington has deep concerns about human rights conditions in predominantly Buddhist Myanmar, especially violence against ethnic and religious minorities including Rohingya Muslims. Members of the U.S. Congress, from both parties, are watching closely and could move to clamp down on Myanmar themselves if they think Obama is moving too quickly. Last month, Senators Cory Gardner and Ben Cardin, the Republican and Democratic leaders of the Foreign Relations Asia subcommittee, wrote to Kerry and Treasury Secretary Jack Lew expressing concern about rights, and asking the administration to work with Congress to ensure those concerns were addressed.  “Like you, we want to ensure that the U.S. is Burma’s strongest supporter on its road to democracy,” the senators said in the letter, seen by Reuters. U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Aung San Suu Kyi supported the extension of U.S. sanctions with some changes. Discussions with her have focused on how to properly target trade restrictions so they do not hurt Myanmar’s overall economy, but keep pressure on military-owned institutions, they said. “We are looking to take steps to demonstrate our support for the new democratically elected government of Burma ...and that we’re taking the necessary steps to ensure that they succeed, that they can carry on economic developments and reforms,” a senior administration official told Reuters. “At the same time we want to do that in a smart, measured way that gives us a range of options and flexibility to respond appropriately going forward,” the official added. The United States is eager to expand relations with Myanmar to help counteract China’s rise in Asia and take advantage of the opening of one of the world’s last “frontier markets,” growing but less developed emerging economies. Peter Kucik, a former senior sanctions adviser at the U.S. Treasury, said despite an easing of some banking sanctions by the United States since 2012, transactions with Myanmar were still difficult. “I suspect the changes that get announced all drive at the same end goal: which is to promote and make easier the trade and business relationships between the two countries and encourage continued reform while minding concerns,” said Kucik. “The details will really indicate where the principal areas of remaining concern are but broadly speaking they are going to be aligned with what we’ve seen so far,” he said. ",1
9549,RNC's Priebus takes dim view of anti-Trump third party talk,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the Republican National Committee sought on Friday to tamp down talk among some Republicans about the possibility of running a third-party candidate who would give party supporters a choice beyond Donald Trump. In an interview, RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said a third-party candidate would have no hope of actually winning the Nov. 8 presidential election but would instead ensure victory for the Democratic nominee. “They may as well jump off the top floor of a building because that’s what we’d be doing by having a third party,” Priebus said. Priebus has been a vocal advocate for party loyalists to get over their concerns about Trump and support him since he is on track to become the presidential nominee and stands as the only real option for Republicans to win the White House. He brought Trump together with House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan for a meeting in Washington on Thursday to try to ease Ryan’s concerns about backing the billionaire.  Ryan stopped short of endorsing Trump but said the session was productive. Priebus said the two men have opened a dialogue. “My guess is they may even be talking today and through the weekend (on the phone),” he said. Priebus said a Democratic victory would allow Democrats to reshape the conservative majority on the Supreme Court. If Republican donors sit on the sidelines, Democrats could also take over control of the U.S. Senate, he said. “If you don’t participate in the presidential election you might as well kiss away the Senate as well,” Priebus said in a message directed at Republican donors unenthusiastic about Trump. “The Senate goes as the presidential race goes. They’re inextricably intertwined.” Some Republicans continue to hold out hope that a leading figure in the party could be persuaded to run for president as a third-party candidate to give party voters uncomfortable with Trump a candidate to rally around. Some speculation has centered around 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, who has been a frequent critic of Trump. Just this week Romney said Trump should release his tax records, a public disclosure move that Romney made in 2012 but which Trump has been resisting. Some Republicans have been urging Romney to launch an independent bid for the presidency. He discussed the issue last week with William Kristol, editor of the conservative-leaning Weekly Standard magazine, a source close to Romney said. ",1
9550,"Trump taps climate change skeptic, fracking advocate as key energy advisor","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential contender Donald Trump has asked one of America’s most ardent drilling advocates and climate change skeptics to help him draft his energy policy. U.S. Republican Congressman Kevin Cramer of North Dakota - a major oil drilling state - is writing a white paper on energy policy for the New York billionaire, Cramer and sources familiar with the matter told Reuters. Cramer was also among a group of Trump advisers who recently met with lawmakers from western energy states, who hope Trump will open more federal land for drilling, a lawmaker who took part in the meeting said. Cramer said in an interview his paper would emphasize the dangers of foreign ownership of U.S. energy assets, burdensome taxes, and over-regulation. Trump will have an opportunity to float some of the ideas at an energy summit in Bismarck, North Dakota on May 26, Cramer said. A spokeswoman for Trump’s campaign did not comment. While the ultimate size and makeup of Trump’s energy advisory team is unclear, Cramer’s inclusion suggests the presumptive Republican presidential nominee’s oil policy could emphasize more drilling, less regulation and taxes, and curbs on efforts to combat climate change. Cramer has said he believes the Earth is cooling, not warming, and he has opposed efforts by the Obama administration to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. Trump has been light on details of his energy policy so far, though he recently told supporters in West Virginia that the coal industry would thrive if he were in the White House. He has also claimed global warming is a concept “created by and for the Chinese” to hurt U.S. business. Trump only recently started building up teams of advisors on the economy, foreign policy and other issues to flesh out his platform for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Cramer, North Dakota’s only congressman and an early Congressional Trump supporter, encountered Trump when they were guests on a radio show last month and Trump spoke about relaxing regulation and expanding drilling. Trump’s political team later asked Cramer to write the energy policy paper, the lawmaker said. “The real opportunity for prosperity in this country has been to produce more because you have access to more markets,” Cramer said, referring to the recent lifting of a decades-old ban on oil exports. “The last thing we need is more rules.” On foreign ownership of U.S. oil assets, Cramer said: “One-third of refining capacity is owned by OPEC countries. How does this fit into his (Trump’s) America first policy?”  OPEC members Saudi Arabia and Venezuela both have large stakes in U.S. refining capacity. Cramer said he expected energy policy to be a vulnerability for Hillary Clinton, the frontrunner for the Democratic presidential nomination, in an election year where energy companies are going broke. Clinton has advocated shifting the country to 50 percent clean energy by 2030, promised heavy regulation of fracking, and said her prospective administration would put coal companies “out of business.” ",1
9551,"Trump says he and Ryan close on border security, trade and military: Fox News","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Thursday that he and U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan largely agree on issues of border security, trade and beefing up the military. “I think for the most part we agree on a lot of different items,” Trump said in an interview to be broadcast later Thursday on Fox News. “I feel very strongly about border security. I feel very strongly about trade. I feel very strongly about building up the military. To a large extent I think Paul is there also,” Trump said.Trump and Ryan held a highly anticipated meeting in Washington on Thursday to try to bridge differences ahead of the November presidential election. ",1
9552,Trump's about-face on fund-raising seems unlikely to dent his popularity,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Supporters of billionaire Donald Trump appear unfazed by his decision to accept money from outside donors, despite his earlier vow to self-fund his presidential campaign and his  criticism of rivals as puppets of wealthy special interests. The vow has been a cornerstone of Trump’s election strategy to present himself as an outsider who is not in the pocket of rich donors, even though he has accepted more than $12 million in contributions so far. The strategy paid off last week when the New York businessman emerged as the Republican party’s presumptive presidential nominee, after sweeping a series of state nominating contests. Since then, Trump has said he would no longer self-finance and would work with the party to raise more than $1 billion to help him fight his eventual Democratic Party challenger. Critics accused him of flip flopping, but some supporters don’t agree. Three dozen of the 40 pro-Trump voters Reuters interviewed said they were not concerned about his reversal. Only four indicated the switch made them uneasy, though all of them said they would still support him. Most of those interviewed applauded the way the celebrity businessman billed himself as a “blue-collar billionaire” who didn’t need other people’s money, but said they understood Trump would need far more resources to compete in the general election. They would have no problem donating to the billionaire, albeit in the same kind of small increments that Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has used to build his nearly $200 million fundraising juggernaut.  “Even though I’m on welfare, I would donate to Trump,” said Pamela Thompson, a 46-year-old mother of three school-age kids from Tulsa, Oklahoma. “And my kids would run a lemonade stand to help elect him.” The supporters interviewed said Trump’s pledge to self-finance his campaign was less important to them than his promises to crack down on undocumented workers and ease the pain of mostly white, blue collar towns that have seen manufacturing jobs lost to developing countries. Sharon Jones, a 53-year old Wal-Mart cashier from Coleman County, Alabama, says her anger over undocumented immigrants shopping at her store on welfare benefits is animating her support for Trump, who has promised to deport undocumented workers and build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico. “They are doing better than I am on my $9.45 an hour,” Jones said. The majority of supporters interviewed said they thought Trump’s decision to fundraise was strategically wise given that Hillary Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination, has raised more than $250 million so far.  In the 2012 election, Republican nominee Mitt Romney and his Democratic opponent, President Barack Obama, each raised $1 billion. “You gotta fight fire with fire. Bring it on,” said Cheryl Ressler Halvorson, a cattle rancher from Williston, North Dakota  whose support for Trump stems mainly from her ire over having to pay $1,100 a month for health insurance with a $13,000 deductible due to the government mandate known as Obamacare. Halvorson is not an outlier. Most Trump supporters have stayed loyal despite the candidate frequently reversing or updating policy positions on key economic and social issues. Trump is not the first U.S. presidential candidate to change his mind about financing his election campaign. In the 2008 election, Obama also did an about-face. He said he would forego public financing of his general election campaign against Republican John McCain. This was a reversal of his earlier stance and it allowed him to pursue a record fund-raising effort. Supporters were unfazed by the shift and Obama went on to win the election. ",1
9553,U.S. probes Trump's former butler for urging Obama assassination,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Secret Service is investigating presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s former butler over a Facebook post calling for President Barack Obama’s assassination. The former butler, Anthony Senecal, 74, said in a Facebook post Obama should be hanged for treason. He made the statement in 2015, and the magazine Mother Jones wrote on Thursday about the post and other similar remarks by Senecal. Senecal worked for decades as a butler at Trump’s Palm Beach mansion, Mar-a-Lago. After reports of Senecal’s comments began to circulate, the Secret Service said in a statement, “The U.S. Secret Service is aware of this matter and will conduct the appropriate investigation.” The story broke as Trump, whose proposals to ban Muslims from entering the United States and build a wall along the Mexican border have drawn heavy criticism, concluded a charm offensive on Capitol Hill. He attended a series of meetings there on Thursday with Republican lawmakers to try to win the party establishment’s support for his candidacy. Senecal has not served as a butler to the billionaire candidate since 2009, but he was identified in a March 15 profile in the New York Times as a current employee of Mar-a-Lago, serving as the estate’s historian. Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Trump, said in a statement, “Senecal has not worked at Mar-a-Lago for years, but nevertheless we totally and completely disavow the horrible statements made by him regarding the president.” She declined to comment on the Times report about Senecal’s recent role. Senecal did not respond to a call seeking comment and could not be reached by email.  “It is time for our Military to drag that fraud out of the white mosque and hang his ass for treason and other high crimes against AMERICA !!!!!!!” Senecal wrote on Sept. 13, 2015, in reference to Obama. Mother Jones reached Senecal on Thursday. The magazine reported that Senecal said of his Facebook comments, including a private comment on Wednesday in which he said Obama should be shot: “I wrote that. I believe that.” ",1
9554,Trump on best behavior as he woos Republicans but differences remain,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump went on a charm offensive on Thursday to try to win the party establishment’s support for his insurgent candidacy, but top Republican Paul Ryan stopped short of endorsing him. Trump was on his best behavior on a day of meetings with Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill. He listened patiently as they raised concerns about his tone and the need to try to appeal to Hispanic voters. He avoided strident language, like the frequent criticism he has lobbed from the campaign trail that many lawmakers are awestruck by the corridors of power and forget why they were sent to Washington. “The whole discussion was very solid, reasonable and a warm and winning discussion,” said Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah. “I think you’re going to find he’s going to be better and better all the time.”  The U.S. budget deficit and debt were among the issues Trump and Ryan discussed, sources familiar with the meeting said. Trump’s day in Washington was aimed at laying to rest some of the concerns that persist among Republicans about his incendiary tone and some policy proposals at odds with party doctrine. The New York billionaire, who needs the party behind him to bolster his chances at winning the Nov. 8 election, has vowed to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico, deport 11 million illegal immigrants, temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country and impose trade protectionist policies. Trump held an hour-long session with Ryan, who as speaker of the House of Representatives is the top U.S. elected Republican and can hold sway with many establishment Republicans leery of Trump. “This was our first meeting, but it was a very positive step toward unification,” Ryan and Trump said in a joint statement. Trump told Fox News in an interview that he had a “very, very good meeting” with Ryan. “I think Paul felt the same way and everybody else did also,” Trump said. Trump said he and Ryan largely agree on issues of border security, trade and beefing up the U.S. military.  Party leaders are normally eager to rally around a presidential nominee to combine forces for the battle leading up to the general election. But Ryan has withheld his endorsement of Trump out of concern over the businessman’s conservative credentials. In remarks to reporters after the meeting, the congressman said he was encouraged by the session but that more work will be needed. “There’s no secret that Donald Trump and I have had our differences. We talked about those differences today,” Ryan said at his weekly news conference. “I do believe we are planting the seeds in getting ourselves unified.” Ryan, who may harbor aspirations of running for president in 2020 or later, noted that he represents a wing of the conservatives and that it is positive that Trump is bringing new voters into the party. Despite his problems in winning over senior Republicans, Trump received a boost on Wednesday when a Reuters/Ipsos national poll showed him pulling even with likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. The online survey found 41 percent of likely voters supporting Clinton and 40 percent backing Trump.             Later on Thursday, Trump went into a meeting with Senate     Republican leaders, where he posed for photos with them and heard concerns about his campaign rhetoric but appeared to make some progress in tempering concerns about him. “Everyone here wants you to win,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told him at the Senate session, a source said. Senator Shelly Moore Capito of West Virginia urged Trump to be careful in his tone. Senator Rob Portman of Ohio, a former U.S. trade representative, urged caution on his rhetoric against trade deals. “The issue of tone did come up,” said Senator John Cornyn of Texas, who said he gave some advice to Trump on “the importance of the Hispanic vote and the whole idea of distinguishing between illegal immigration and legal immigration.” In a meeting at a Washington law firm, Trump sat down with James Baker, who served as secretary of state for Republican President George H.W. Bush. Earlier in the day, Baker had testified to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Under questioning from Senator Marco Rubio, a former Republican presidential candidate, Baker said the world “would be far less stable” without a strong NATO, a slap at Trump’s idea of reconfiguring the Western alliance and getting European nations to foot more of the bill. “Secretary Baker had a meeting with Donald Trump that was requested by his campaign,” a Baker spokesman said. Even Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina softened a bit. Graham dropped out of the presidential race earlier this year and had said the choice between Trump and rival Ted Cruz was like trying to decide between being “shot or poisoned.” Graham said he had a “cordial, pleasant conversation” on the phone with Trump on Wednesday. “I know Mr. Trump is reaching out to many people, throughout the party and the country, to solicit their advice and opinions.  I believe this is a wise move on his part,” said Graham. ",1
9555,Trump says Amazon.com has 'a huge antitrust problem',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Thursday that Amazon.com, the world’s biggest online retailer, has “a huge antitrust problem.” In an interview on Fox News, Trump also said Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos, who owns the Washington Post, is using the newspaper to influence politicians in Washington to help Amazon on taxes. “This (Washington Post) is owned as a toy by Jeff Bezos, who controls Amazon. Amazon is getting away with murder tax-wise. He’s using the Washington Post for power so that the politicians in Washington don’t tax Amazon like they should be taxed,” Trump said. “He’s using the Washington Post ... for political purposes to save Amazon in terms of taxes and in terms of antitrust,” Trump said. “He thinks I’ll go after him for antitrust. Because he’s got a huge antitrust problem because he’s controlling so much, Amazon is controlling so much of what they are doing,” Trump said. Amazon did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",1
9556,"Japan, U.S. preparing summit meeting around May 25: government sources","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan and the United States are preparing to hold a summit meeting around May 25, government sources told Reuters on Friday. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and President Barack Obama will likely meet ahead of a Group of Seven summit to be held in western Japan on May 26 and 27, the sources said, declining to be identified because the schedule is not yet official. They are expected to discuss issues such as the global economy, North Korea and the South China Sea, according to the sources. ",1
9557,Exclusive: U.S. plans new wave of immigrant deportation raids,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. immigration officials are planning a month-long series of raids in May and June to deport hundreds of Central American mothers and children found to have entered the country illegally, according to sources and an internal document seen by Reuters. The operation would likely be the largest deportation sweep targeting immigrant families by the administration of President Barack Obama this year after a similar drive over two days in January that focused on Georgia, Texas, and North Carolina. Those raids, which resulted in the detention of 121 people, mostly women and children, sparked an outcry from immigration advocates and criticism from some Democrats, including the party’s presidential election frontrunner Hillary Clinton. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has now told field offices nationwide to launch a 30-day “surge” of arrests focused on mothers and children who have already been told to leave the United States, the document seen by Reuters said. The operation would also cover minors who have entered the country without a guardian and since turned 18 years of age, the document said. Two sources confirmed the details of the plan.   The exact dates of the latest series of raids were not known and the details of the operation could change.  The operation in January marked a departure for ICE, part of the Department of Homeland Security, from one-off deportations to high-profile raids meant to deter migrants from coming to the United States.  An ICE spokeswoman said the agency does not “confirm or deny the existence of specific ongoing or future law enforcement actions.” The spokeswoman said immigrants who arrived illegally after Jan. 1, 2014 are priorities for removal. Federal resources were strained in 2014 under a wave of illegal migrants crossing the U.S.-Mexico border, especially women and children fleeing violence in Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala. The planned new raids are in response to a renewed surge of illegal entries by Central American women traveling with their children.  From October 2015 through March 2016, the U.S. Border Patrol apprehended more than 32,000 family “units”, defined as mothers and children traveling together, for crossing illegally into the United States. Over the same period in 2014-2015, there were about 14,000 such apprehensions; in 2013-2014, about 19,800. (Graphic on immigration patterns of Central American migrants: tmsnrt.rs/1qglGZG) Many of those apprehended for unlawful entry are put into deportation proceedings in court but do not show up for their scheduled appearance before a judge or ignore court orders to leave the country. The surge in illegal border crossings has put Obama in a tough spot in a presidential election year in which he wants to see a fellow Democrat elected as his successor.   Obama has said criminal immigrants and those who have recently entered the country are priorities for deportation. He is regularly hammered by Republicans over the presence of more than 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country.  But Hispanic-Americans tend to vote for Democrats, who are more sympathetic to the plight of the undocumented. Clinton raised concerns about the January raids at the time, saying they had “sown fear and division in immigrant communities.” The presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has pledged to build a wall along the Mexican border to prevent illegal immigration. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told a U.S. Senate panel in March that the January raids had helped to deter Central Americans from migrating illegally. Border Patrol reported fewer illegal entries between January and March 2016 compared to October and December 2015, but there were more apprehended than over the same time period in early 2015. A separate document seen by Reuters said Johnson was concerned about the most recent uptick in border crossings.  Immigration advocates say they have asked Johnson to abandon plans for future raids. “Raids are not the answer,” said Marielena Hincapie, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center, a legal aide and advocacy group for migrants. “This is a humanitarian challenge,” she said. ",1
9558,Cuba and U.S. officials to meet next week to deepen detente,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba and the United States will meet next week for a third round of talks on improving relations, Havana said on Thursday, adding that the two former Cold War foes were not yet negotiating their multibillion-dollar claims against one another. A bilateral commission will meet next Monday in the Cuban capital to evaluate the progress made in putting their decades-old conflict behind them, and to identify new areas of cooperation, said Gustavo Machin, the deputy director for U.S. affairs in the Cuban foreign ministry. “We will set the agenda for the rest for the year,” Machin told a news conference. “We are not yet negotiating the topic of claims even if there is a recognition on both sides that these exist.” Cuba and the U.S. reestablished diplomatic relations a year ago and have signed agreements on issues of common concern such as the environment, postal services and direct flights. Many differences remain however. Machin reiterated Cuba’s demands for the return of the Guantanamo naval base and lifting of the U.S. trade embargo. Cuba complains that some of the policy changes the U.S. has carried out, such as relaxing currency restrictions against the island, have had little real impact given the persistent fear among U.S. institutions of risking government sanctions. The White House said in March it would allow U.S. banks to process dollar transactions for Cuba as long as neither buyer nor seller were U.S. entities. “Until now, no bank transactions have been carried out in U.S. currency,” Machin said. “There is still a great fear.” Cuba has said it will only lift a 10 percent tax on cash dollars once it is clear U.S. banks are processing dollar transactions for the Communist-ruled island. The issue of reparations is another sticky point. Late last year, Cuba and the U.S. outlined their respective claims, with the former demanding at least $121 billion in reparations for the U.S. trade embargo and other acts it describes as aggressions against the Caribbean country. The Americans meanwhile are seeking upwards of $10 billion in compensation for nationalized properties. The third bilateral commission will be led by Josefina Vidal, the Cuban Foreign Ministry’s chief of U.S. affairs, and Kristie Kenney, counselor for the U.S. State Department. ",1
9559,Obama sets state dinner table for six at unusual Nordic summit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama is set to toast the five leaders of Nordic nations at a lavish state dinner at the White House on Friday, an unusual summit aimed in part at sending a message to a nation not on the guest list: Russia. Obama will laud the humanitarian and environmental accomplishments of Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Iceland, but also wants to talk about how to deal with their increasingly aggressive neighbor Russia ahead of a NATO summit in July. “We share the concern of countries in the region, particularly those who have a border with Russia, about the increasing presence of Russian military assets in the area,” said Charles Kupchan, Obama’s senior director for European affairs. “We will be discussing ways to enhance the security of the region, writ large, and also what we can do through dialogue and diplomacy to urge Russia to be more transparent and to be more restrained and careful in its military exercises,” Kupchan told reporters. Obama last met Nordic leaders in Stockholm in 2013 on his way to a G20 summit in St. Petersburg after canceling a planned bilateral meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin because of tensions over Syria and surveillance issues. Since then, Russia annexed Ukraine’s Crimea region, prompting Nordic nations to step up their military cooperation and the United States to boost military spending to help NATO do more to try to deter Russia. During a recent visit to Europe, Obama sought to reassure allies about the U.S. commitment to the continent, but pushed nations to increase their defense spending and stay united amid the strain of dealing with an influx of migrants fleeing Middle East conflicts. The leaders will discuss a long-term approach for dealing with refugees, Kupchan said, as well as new contributions to the U.S.-led fight against Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq. He declined comment on specific commitments from the meeting. Typically, the White House rolls out the red carpet for one leader at a time. Friday will be a bit trickier, juggling five guests of honor and their entourages. The state dinner itself will be in a large tent with a transparent ceiling evoking the northern lights and “shadowy spaces in the arctic night,” the White House told reporters. Guests will sit at long, rustic wooden tables bedecked with columns of ice, fiddlehead ferns, and fragrant hand-rolled beeswax candles, and dine on braised Nebraska beef short ribs and salt-cured Atlantic ahi tuna served in a large ice cube.  The summit is expected to be heavy on “feel-good” messages about the outsized role Nordic nations play in international diplomacy, said Julie Smith, a former Obama administration official now with the Center for a New American Security. “In many ways, the actual visit is the deliverable,” Smith said, noting it was unlikely major new initiatives would emerge. “We’re at the end of the president’s tenure so there are limits on what new things he can drive forward,” Smith said. In Washington, preparations for the leaders’ arrival have been overshadowed by a visit by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to meet with congressional leaders as the race intensifies to replace Obama in the White House in the Nov. 8 election. Trump has said NATO is obsolete and European nations should look after their own defense, which has sparked concern among Nordic nations, said Heather Conley, a former State Department official in the George W. Bush administration. “They hear with great clarity the statements of Donald Trump and they don’t know exactly how this is going to work in November,” said Conley, now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Norway’s Prime Minister Erna Solberg plans to stress the importance of American participation in NATO for Nordic nations, she said in an interview this week with the Norwegian daily Aftenposten. “With an unpredictable Russian presence in the northern areas, it’s important that the Americans have a focus on the Arctic regions,” Solberg said. ",1
9560,U.S. foreign policy veteran warns Trump would make world less stable,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s foreign policy proposals would make the world a less stable place, former Secretary of State James Baker told a U.S. Senate hearing on Thursday as the Republican presidential candidate met elsewhere with party congressional leaders. Under questioning from Republican Senator Marco Rubio, a former Trump rival in the presidential race, Baker said the world “would be far less stable” with a weaker NATO or if more countries had nuclear weapons as Trump has proposed. “We’ve a got a lot of problems today, but we’d have a hell of a lot more if that were the case,” Baker told a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing, adding that U.S. commitments around the world “promote U.S. security.” Trump met with Baker on Thursday at Trump’s request, said a Baker spokesman, who declined further comment.   The hearing, on “America’s Role in the World,” was called by the committee’s Republican chairman, Senator Bob Corker. Corker praised a foreign policy speech Trump gave in Washington last month. Some U.S. allies worried after Trump’s remarks that his invocation of an “America first” agenda is a threat to retreat from the world. Without naming Trump, Rubio referred to the businessman-turned-candidate’s suggestions that the United States should rethink the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and that Japan and South Korea should consider getting nuclear weapons to defend themselves. “Some have suggested ‘why don’t you just let Japan and South Korea get their own nuclear weapons and let them defend themselves?’” Rubio asked. “The more countries that acquire nuclear weapons, the more instability there is going to be in the world, in my opinion,” Baker said. Tom Donilon, Democratic President Barack Obama’s former national security adviser, called Rubio’s question an “important thought experiment,” as he backed Baker’s comments about the importance of NATO. “It’s not just a thought experiment, it’s actually been proposed,” Rubio said. As the hearing took place, Trump was on Capitol Hill meeting with Republican congressional leaders on how to heal divisions within the party, including those between establishment figures like Baker and the insurgent candidate. Baker, a Republican who was secretary of state under President George Bush and Treasury secretary under President Ronald Reagan, testified alongside Donilon. Former Presidents Bush and George W. Bush do not plan to endorse Trump, or any candidate, in this year’s White House race. ",1
9561,Senate sets votes on competing Zika funding plans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three competing plans for battling a potential Zika virus outbreak in the United States were presented on the floor of the U.S. Senate on Thursday, as lawmakers tried to break an impasse pitting President Barack Obama against congressional Republicans. The first test votes on the measures, which would provide at least $1.1 billion in new funds to deal with the spreading virus, were expected on Tuesday. In February, Obama urged Congress to quickly approve $1.9 billion in emergency funds to deal with prevention and treatment of Zika virus, which the World Health Organization warns is spreading rapidly in the Americas. The disease, transmitted by mosquitoes, has been linked to the birth defect microcephaly and other severe brain abnormalities. It also is suspected of causing a rare neurological disorder, Guillain-Barre syndrome, that can result in paralysis. White House spokesman Josh Earnest welcomed “any sort of forward momentum in Congress” while continuing to push for the full $1.9 billion. “It could not be clearer that Congress needs to take action to help our states and our local officials fight the Zika virus. That is critical for health and safety of the American people,” Earnest said. Florida’s senators, Bill Nelson, a Democrat, and Marco Rubio, a Republican, called for the full $1.9 billion, saying $1.1 billion was inadequate. They noted that the Florida Department of Health has reported a total of 112 Zika virus cases, the most of any U.S. state, as the mosquito season goes into high gear with hotter temperatures.   One proposal now before the Senate would provide Obama with his full $1.9 billion request for emergency funds. A second one would scale back Obama’s request to $1.1 billion. These two options would not require spending cuts elsewhere to cover the Zika costs, Senate aides said. A third one would take money from Obamacare to pay for $1.1 billion in Zika response funds. Even if the Senate approves one of these proposals, its fate is uncertain in the House of Representatives, where Republicans are deeply divided over new Zika funding, according to aides. Two senior Republican aides said the party’s House leadership has been unable to formulate a plan on Zika legislation and is preoccupied with internal party strife over Donald Trump becoming the presumptive presidential nominee, as well as a deadlock over Puerto Rico debt legislation and a budget blueprint that has been stuck in the House. While plans to unveil a new Puerto Rico bill on Wednesday were canceled, a third senior House Republican aide noted there is progress on that legislation and that “discussions” on a budget “are moving forward as well.”    Senate backers of each amendment will try to attach their competing proposals to an unrelated spending bill the Senate started debating on Thursday.         ",1
9562,Senator Rand Paul to back bill blocking FBI hacking expansion,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Kentucky Senator Rand Paul plans to become the first Republican co-sponsor of legislation to block a pending judicial rule change that would let U.S. judges issue search warrants for remote access to computers located in any jurisdiction, his office told Reuters on Thursday. The bill is expected to be introduced next week. Backing from Paul, a former Republican candidate for president with libertarian leanings, lends bipartisan support to an effort to undo a little-noticed modification to a text governing procedural rules for the U.S. court system that civil liberties groups warn would drastically expand the FBI’s hacking authority. So far, that cause has largely been championed solely by Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat and digital privacy advocate. He has vowed to work to stop the rule change on grounds it would allow the government to use one warrant to access and search thousands or millions of computers at once, potentially implicating those suspected of no wrongdoing.  Magistrate judges can normally only order searches within the jurisdiction of their court, which is typically limited to a few counties. But last month the Supreme Court, in a private vote, approved the amendments to Rule 41 of the federal rules of criminal procedure, which would permit judges to issue warrants in cases when a suspect uses anonymizing technology to conceal the location of his or her computer or for an investigation into a network of hacked or infected computers, such as a botnot. Congress has until December 1 to pass legislation that would reject, amend or postpone the changes to Rule 41. If lawmakers do nothing, which is customary in these circumstances, the changes automatically will take effect. The U.S. Justice Department, which is pushing for the rule change, has described it as a procedural tweak needed to modernize the criminal code, and has said it would not permit searches that are not already legal. Alphabet Inc’s Google has warned the change poses a “monumental” threat to the Constitution’s protections against unreasonable searches and seizures.  Last year Paul and Wyden worked together to force a temporary expiration of the USA Patriot Act, which led to passage of surveillance reforms that pared backed the National Security Agency’s controversial bulk collection of U.S. call records. Other lawmakers are also examining Rule 41.  Republican Senator Mike Lee is looking at ways to address concerns, a spokesman said, and a small group of lawmakers in the House are weighing introduction of companion legislation, sources said. ",1
9563,Trump says he had very good meeting with Ryan: Fox News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said he had a “very, very good meeting” with U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday to try to patch up differences on policy proposals and the tone of his insurgent campaign. “I thought it was really a very, very good meeting. I think Paul felt the same way and everybody else did also,” Trump said in an excerpt of an interview to be broadcast Thursday night on Fox News. “I don’t mind going through a little bit of a slow process. It’s a very big subject. We have a lot of things. I think for the most part we agree on a lot of different items,” Trump said. ",1
9564,"Republicans win Obamacare legal challenge, add to insurer concerns","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Thursday handed a victory to congressional Republicans who challenged President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, ruling that his administration overstepped its constitutional powers relating to government spending. U.S. District Judge Rosemary Collyer, based in Washington, ruled that the administration cannot spend billions of dollars in federal funds to provide subsidies under the law known as Obamacare to private insurers without the approval of Congress. At issue in the case, brought by the Republican-led House of Representatives, are reimbursements to insurance companies to compensate them for reductions that the law requires them to make to customers’ out-of-pocket medical payments. The ruling will not have an immediate effect on the law because the judge put the decision on hold pending an expected appeal by the administration. But it adds to uncertainty over the future of Obama’s signature domestic policy achievement ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential and congressional elections, including whether enough health insurers will continue to participate in the program. Insurers have sustained losses from their Obamacare business, saying they have not attracted enough healthy customers to offset the costs of sicker members. Two of the largest players, UnitedHealth Group and Humana Inc, had already said they would not offer plans in many markets next year. “If you’re going to lose more money, why participate?” asked Steve Halper, an analyst with FBR Capital Markets. Shares in hospital operators such as Community Health Systems Inc fell sharply, while insurer stocks including Aetna Inc, which plans to remain in at least 15 Obamacare markets next year, also declined. In court papers, the administration had warned that a court victory for the House Republicans would lead to a spike in insurance premiums for Americans and force the government to pay more in tax credits to insurance policy-holders. As part of an appeal, the administration is likely to press its argument that the House lacks legal standing to sue.  “This suit represents the first time in our nation’s history that Congress has been permitted to sue the executive branch over a disagreement about how to interpret a statute,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters. “It’s unfortunate that Republicans have resorted to a taxpayer-funded lawsuit to re-fight a political fight that they keep losing,” Earnest added. “They’ve been losing this fight for six years, and they’ll lose it again.” Conservatives have mounted a series of legal challenges to the Affordable Care Act since it was passed by Congress in 2010 over unified Republican opposition. Collyer was appointed to the bench by Republican former President George W. Bush. The law has helped bring insurance coverage to millions of Americans who previously had none, subsidizing the cost of insurance through tax credits. In addition, the federal government helped defray consumers’ out-of-pocket costs. The House Republicans argued that the administration’s action violated the U.S. Constitution because it is the legislative branch, not the executive branch, that authorizes government spending. “BIG win for the Constitution,” House Speaker Paul Ryan wrote on Twitter. Jonathan Turley, the lawyer who spearheaded the lawsuit, in a blog post called the ruling “a resounding victory not just for Congress but for our constitutional system as a whole.” The appeals court in Washington may be more receptive to the administration’s arguments, in part because seven of its 11 active judges are Democratic-appointees, including four picked by Obama. The case focuses on a cost-sharing provision of Obamacare that requires insurers to reduce deductibles and co-pays. Insurers are supposed to be reimbursed for these costs by the federal government. Cost-sharing is determined by the income of the policyholder and is a mechanism for reducing healthcare costs for lower-income households.  The Obama administration has interpreted the provision as a type of federal spending that does not need to be explicitly authorized by Congress. The House Republicans who filed the challenge disagreed. Collyer ruled that the cost-sharing provisions cannot be funded through the same permanent appropriation that covers tax credits made available under the law. The judge rejected the administration’s contention that the appropriation should be viewed as permanent because the alternative interpretation would lead to “absurd economic, fiscal and healthcare policy results.” The U.S. Supreme Court in June 2015, in a ruling authored by Bush-appointed Chief Justice John Roberts, rejected a conservative challenge that could have gutted Obamacare, upholding nationwide tax subsidies crucial to the law. Roberts also wrote a major 2012 ruling preserving Obamacare. ",1
9565,Illinois lawmakers approve $700 million to pay social services in part,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A bill to send $700 million to cash-starved social services providers breezed through the Illinois Legislature on Thursday, as the state once again turned to stopgap funding measures in lieu of a budget. The measure passed the House 111-0 and the Senate 56-0. There was no immediate comment from Governor Bruce Rauner’s office on whether he will sign it into law. A memo from his budget office expressed concerns that language in the bill could actually prevent funding for some programs. Democratic State Representative Greg Harris said the money would be taken from state funds outside of Illinois’ general revenue fund to cover 46 percent of what the state has failed to pay service providers due to the ongoing impasse over the fiscal 2016 budget. “This is a $700 million piece of legislation that would help the neediest at the time they need help the most,” he said. Despite the stalemate between the Republican governor and Democrats who control the legislature, about 90 percent of Illinois government is being funded through continuing appropriations, the enactment of a K-12 school bill, and court-ordered spending. But some parts of the government were left out in the cold. Earlier this month, dozens of unpaid social service providers sued Illinois, seeking more than $100 million. Andrea Durbin, chairman of the Pay Now Illinois coalition that filed the lawsuit, said that if enacted, the bill would not end the litigation. “It could provide a downpayment of the money we are owed, but it’s not a comprehensive solution for the Pay Now Illinois plaintiffs,” she said. In April, the legislature passed and Rauner signed a $600 million stopgap funding bill for state universities, community colleges, and student tuition grants that covered only 34 percent of the $1.7 billion that had been earmarked for higher education spending in the fiscal year that began on July 1. Illinois is the only U.S. state without a complete fiscal 2016 budget. Rauner earlier on Thursday acknowledged that some lawmakers are working on a budget framework. That framework involves higher taxes, spending cuts, and borrowing, according to local media reports.  “I’m cheering for bipartisan General Assembly members to come up with some solutions,” the governor told reporters. ",1
9566,Michael Douglas urges Obama to think of his legacy at Hiroshima,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Hollywood actor Michael Douglas, a U.N. “messenger for peace”, wants President Barack Obama to issue a strong message against nuclear weapons when he visits Hiroshima in Japan later this month. Douglas told reporters at the United Nations in Geneva, where nuclear negotiations have been stuck for 20 years, that the nuclear danger was greater than during the Cold War,  largely due to a “huge escalation” in U.S.-Russia tensions and increasing recklessness in their close-quarter contacts. “There’s this kind of crazy tension between U.S. and Russia. We have our issues but I don’t quite see that all of this posturing is helping anybody,” he said. “The number of weapons that are on trigger alert is frightening. So the time for somebody to possibly make a mistake and correct it is very very short.” Douglas said he “found religion” in the anti-nuclear cause after the Three Mile Island nuclear accident in 1979, within days of the opening of his film The China Syndrome, which dealt with an emergency at a nuclear plant.   Standing beside Joseph Cirincione, president of Ploughshares Fund, a global security organization, Douglas recalled Obama’s 2009 speech in Prague, where the president promised concrete steps to wards a nuclear-free world. “I think we could say he’s been a disappointment because there’s not been follow through, and I do hope now for his legacy as he begins to leave office, that he’s going to have something strong to say at Hiroshima.” Cirincione said Obama had made good early progress on nuclear non-proliferation, but had made only modest cuts in arsenals and was leaving $1 trillion in new nuclear contracts in the pipeline for his successor. “Every single weapon in the nuclear arsenal is now due for replacement or an upgrade. It’s a looming disaster,” he said. Douglas, 71, said he was also a friend of Donald Trump, but he was not confident the United States would make any advances in nuclear disarmament if Trump won the presidency.  “I guess one of his strengths, or weaknesses depending how you look at it, is his unpredictability,” he said. ",1
9567,White House says any progress in Congress on Zika funding is 'welcome',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday it would welcome any progress made by the U.S. Congress toward striking a deal to provide funding to help fight the Zika virus. “I think at this point, given the delays and given the heightened stakes, we welcome any sort of forward momentum in Congress,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters at a daily briefing. Asked about a Senate proposal for $1.1 billion in emergency funds, Earnest said the administration would “have to take a close look at it to see if it is sufficient.” ",1
9568,Puerto Rico either gets legislative fix or humanitarian aid: Congressman,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Puerto Rico’s debt crisis, if left unaddressed by the U.S. Congress where legislation has stalled in the House Natural Resources Committee, will result in the need to pay for a humanitarian aid package, Congressman Raul Grijalva said on Thursday. Grijalva, the ranking Democrat on the HNRC from Arizona, said in a teleconference with reporters that it is an “either/or” situation as Puerto Rico faces $70 billion in debt it cannot pay off and a growing humanitarian crisis because it cannot afford maintaining basic social services. “Either we begin this process, stabilize, create some carve out opportunities for essential services and/or wait for the crisis to get worse and then have to respond with humanitarian relief,” Grijalva said, adding that a new draft of the bill had not been made available as of Thursday morning. Grijalva visited Puerto Rico this week and met with the island’s leadership and toured its main medical facilities. He said austerity alone is not going to stay the situation of degraded conditions for health, nutrition and education. “People talk about a bailout. Thus far there is no money being talked about extended by the United States government,” Grijalva said, adding: “We are talking about a piece of legislation that provides for a method of restructuring and for some accountability attached to that restructuring.” The Republican chairman of the HNRC, Rob Bishop of Utah, said he wants a bipartisan bill to emerge from committee but canceled an expected release of the legislation on Wednesday while lawmakers hashed out language revolving around the status of the island of Vieques, pensions and minimum wage rates. Puerto Rico defaulted on May 1 for a third time on some of its debt, missing a roughly $400 million payment owed by the Government Development Bank, the island’s main fiscal agent. It faces a near $2 billion July 1 debt payment. The legislation’s basic structure still includes the creation of an independent oversight board to lead the restructuring of the U.S. commonwealth’s credit and work with the local government to develop an economic reform plan. On the issue of Vieques, Democrats are concerned the language regarding the transfer of federal land on the island, which is mainly a nature preserve, could leave it vulnerable to commercial development in the name of recreation. “Our position has been from the beginning that Vieques did not belong in this package of legislation,” said Grijalva. ",1
9569,"Baltimore primary results decertified, irregularities cited","(Reuters) - Results of Baltimore’s primary election were ordered decertified on Thursday by the Maryland elections board, which cited irregularities in the April 26 vote that may have influenced a tight mayoral race. The state panel will begin a precinct-by-precinct review of voting in the overwhelming Democratic city. The Baltimore elections board will pull its certification this evening, state board administrator Linda Lamone said. The state review could cast doubt on the narrow victory by state Senator Catherine Pugh in the mayoral primary, where she defeated former Mayor Sheila Dixon. Pugh had backed law enforcement reform as Baltimore recovers from April 2015 rioting sparked by a black man’s death from an injury in police custody. Three City Council races were determined by a few hundred votes. Lamone said officials had found 80 provisional ballots that had not been checked to see whether they were cast in the right precinct or the voters were registered. Unusually high numbers of voters also checked in at polling places but never cast ballots, she said. That issue was not cleared up when the city board certified the election this week. “There were enough discrepancies in that reconciliation (on the number of voters) that made me determine we need to review everything more,” Lamone said. A group of activists has questioned the fairness of the election. Victory in the Democratic primary means an almost certain win in the November general election. ",1
9570,Trump touts 'great' day in D.C. meeting with Republicans: Twitter,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said on Thursday he had a “great day” in Washington meeting with Republican leaders, including U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan. “Great day in D.C. with (Ryan) and Republican leadership. Things working out really well!” he wrote in a Twitter post.  The meetings marked an effort within the Republican Party to unify following a contentious primary battle for the Republican presidential nomination.  ",1
9571,Top Democrat says Puerto Rico bill could come early as Thursday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers are making progress toward legislation to address Puerto Rico’s financial crisis and could produce a bill as early as Thursday, the top House Democrat said. “It was supposed to be filed yesterday; (they) put it off to today. It could be filed today. I don’t mean right this minute, but the day is young,” House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi told reporters.   “We are making progress. We’re having very constructive conversations,” she added. “It’s an issue of what will work in terms of restructuring, how the make-up and the scope of the board is in furtherance of having the restructuring work. Issues that relate to language about pensions and minimum wage, etc., are also part of that discussion.” ",1
9572,Republican Senator Hatch endorses Trump after meeting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, one of the Senate’s most senior Republicans, said on Thursday that he was endorsing presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. “I totally endorse him,” Hatch told reporters after he and other Senate Republican leaders met with the billionaire businessman and reality television star.  ",1
9573,White House predicts Republicans will lose new challenge to healthcare law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday the U.S. Department of Justice was still deciding whether to appeal a court ruling challenging President Barack Obama’s healthcare law, but a spokesman predicted Republicans ultimately would lose the fight. “This suit represents the first time in our nation’s history that Congress has been permitted to sue the executive branch over a disagreement about how to interpret a statute,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told a briefing. “It’s unfortunate that Republicans have resorted to a taxpayer-funded lawsuit to re-fight a political fight that they keep losing,” he added. “They’ve been losing this fight for six years and they’ll lose it again.” His comments came shortly after a U.S. judge ruled on Thursday in favor of congressional Republicans who challenged the implementation of the healthcare law, arguing that the administration cannot spend funds Congress did not appropriate. ",1
9574,Congress subcommittee grills U.S. banks regulator about data breaches,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Members of Congress on Thursday grilled the main U.S. banking regulator about a recent raft of data breaches, highlighting two incidents where workers downloaded more than 10,000 sensitive and private records onto portable storage devices before leaving the agency’s employ. After the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp uncovered those two breaches, it conducted a review and found five other instances when employees improperly stored and took personal information for tens of thousands of individuals, according to Representative Barry Loudermilk, a Republican who chairs a House of Representatives subcommittee on oversight and technology. Altogether, more than 160,000 people were affected, Loudermilk said at a hearing covering the breaches. “To date, FDIC has failed to notify any of those individuals that their private information may have been compromised,” he added.  The highest-ranking Democrat on the subcommittee, Representative Don Beyer, said the concerns were shared by members of both parties and added the FDIC was too slow in notifying Congress about the breaks in data security. It should have informed lawmakers within seven days of the incidents, he said. The FDIC’s chief information officer and chief privacy officer, Lawrence Gross, told the hearing the agency is working to eliminate employees’ use of portable media and has installed technology blocking most employees from downloading data from its systems to DVDs, CDs and flash drives. It is also looking into “digital rights management” software limiting the time period someone can access information and putting up other barriers to redistributing information. Gross, who started his role in November, said he is conducting a “top to bottom review” of the agency’s information technology policies and planned to hire an independent third party to conduct an assessment.  The FDIC has said the downloads were inadvertent.  But members of Congress remained skeptical that the breaches were not intentional.  “In at least one case...a former employee who downloaded such data was evasive about her actions and not cooperative when initially confronted,” said Representative Bill Johnson. “Some FDIC employees also suggest that it was highly improbable that this former employee’s actions were accidental. In addition this former employee is now working for a U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. financial services company which raises additional concerns.” ",1
9575,Republican Cornyn predicts party will unify around Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The No. 2 Republican in the U.S. Senate said on Thursday he believes the party will unite behind presumptive nominee Donald Trump. “I think you will see people unifying behind the nominee ... people don’t want four more years of this administration under Hillary Clinton,” Senator John Cornyn told reporters after a meeting with Trump. ",1
9576,Fundraisers make pitch for Trump at hedge fund conference,"LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - Top fundraisers for Donald Trump made pitches on Wednesday to prominent hedge fund investors to line up behind the presumptive Republican presidential nominee as he seeks to raise $1 billion for the general election campaign. The New York billionaire businessman was a topic of discussion as some 2,000 hedge fund managers, investors, lawyers and journalists gathered in Las Vegas for the SkyBridge Alternatives Conference, known as SALT, the industry’s most prominent annual meeting. Steven Mnuchin, Trump’s newly appointed national finance chairman and a private investor himself, met with some of the attending hedge fund managers and others, including oil investor T. Boone Pickens, Georgette Mosbacher and former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown. In an onstage interview, Kenneth Griffin, the billionaire founder of powerful hedge fund firm Citadel who previously supported U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, did not address the presidential campaign. A spokesman for Griffin did not respond to a request for comment. Also speaking at the event was former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who in an onstage interview, declined to endorse any presidential candidate. Earlier this year, Bloomberg flirted with an independent presidential candidacy, but decided against it for fear it would help Trump’s chances of getting elected. Some investors told Reuters they were disappointed Bloomberg did not enter the race. Trump is the last man standing in the Republican race after U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Governor John Kasich dropped out last week. Trump, who has never held elective office, is trying to unite Republicans behind his candidacy after a primary election campaign in which his fiery rhetoric on trade, immigration and Muslims rankled party elites. A Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Wednesday showed Trump had pulled even with Clinton, his likely opponent in the Nov. 8 presidential election. David Rubenstein, co-founder of private equity powerhouse Carlyle Group, kicked off the three-day conference by asking the audience which candidate they thought would move into the White House in January after November’s election. The vast majority did not express an opinion on either Trump or Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. Away from panel discussions on how the industry can salvage a poor start to the year - the average hedge fund is off 0.8 percent this year, according to eVestment - powerful Trump backers were working smaller venues around the Hotel Bellagio. Anthony Scaramucci, who hosts the conference and runs hedge fund investment firm Skybridge Capital, said he was reaching out to his contacts to convince them Trump would run his candidacy like an entrepreneur, something he said America needed.  “You have an opportunity now to bring an entrepreneur and a team of advisers that are entrepreneurial, out-of-the-box thinkers into Washington,” Scaramucci told Reuters. “That’s the sell to potential donors.” Scaramucci has long been a powerful Republican fundraiser who originally backed Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker in this year’s race and later Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor.  He said there would be the Trump “Entrepreneurial Avenue” versus the “Clinton cul-de sac,” a suggestion that economic growth would be stronger under the likely Republican nominee. Scaramucci added that potential donors would soon get over any fears of publicly helping Trump. “Candidate Trump has said some things that some business people think: ‘Jeez, if I’m associated with some of those things, it could be perceived negatively for my business.’ I think that will wash away in the next two months,” Scaramucci said. Among big-name Trump backers at the conference were Pickens, an oil investor and hedge fund manager who previously supported Bush’s candidacy. “Yes, I’m for Donald Trump,” he said on stage, adding Trump was smart enough to get himself help where he needed it politically and that it would be refreshing to have a businessman instead of a politician in the White House. “Donald almost always overestimates how successful he is,” Pickens said, “but nonetheless he has been out there and he does know something about what he is talking about.” (This version of the story corrects paragraph three to remove reference to Mnuchin meeting with Griffin) ",1
9577,Different this time? Trump candidacy could weigh on Fed thinking,"SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s rise to de-facto Republican nominee for president poses an unusually high level of uncertainty for investors and businesses, potentially weighing on the economy and the Federal Reserve’s plan to raise interest rates this year. Uncertainty is always present in elections and the Fed has hiked rates during past campaign seasons. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/1rD6A1u) But the possibility of the firebrand New York real estate mogul occupying the White House presents a step up in risk because of the unconventional policies he has proposed and a lack of detail on how they will be achieved, economists say. Promising to “make America great again”, Trump has raised fears of a trade war by saying he would slap steep tariffs on Chinese and Mexican imports. He has also vowed to deport all 11 million undocumented migrants in the United States, and suggested, though later retracted, a partial default on U.S. debt. Fed officials say they avoid discussion of domestic politics at rate-setting meetings. Transcripts from previous election-year policy discussions show that political uncertainty is a factor in their thinking, though there is no clear pattern of a loosening or tightening bias in the run-up to elections. In recent comments, some Fed officials have acknowledged that campaign rhetoric could spill over into the economy. “If consumers, because of political rhetoric, are slowing their spending or just pausing a little bit, or capex is slowing down...that I’ve got to take into account,” Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan told Reuters last Thursday.  Asked his view of Trump’s policy proposals, he said, “If I have one, you’ll never know what that is. I will never allow that to seep into my work.”  Atlanta Fed President Dennis Lockhart said that it was fair to say the election “could be a factor in this year’s economy.” The Fed kept rates on hold at 0.25-0.5 percent last month and signaled it was in no rush to raise them again soon, citing slowing economic activity despite an improved labor market. Fed policymakers in March forecast two rate hikes this year after raising them last December for the first time in nearly a decade. A Reuters poll of economists released on Thursday showed they have pushed back their expectations for the Fed to raise interest rates again to September from June. Fed Chair Janet Yellen and other Fed policymakers have often cited uncertainty over the economic, financial and policy outlook as a factor in their interest-rate decisions. The VIX measure of stock-market volatility is one approach to measuring uncertainty; querying influential business owners is another. The exact mix of measures the Fed uses is not known. Stanford University professor Nick Bloom’s economic policy uncertainty index, which he presented to Yellen and economists at recently as April last year, is another approach that the Fed considers. The index analyzes newspaper coverage of policy-related economic uncertainty and divergence between economic forecasters’ predictions on the U.S. outlook among other factors.   “When uncertainty is high, firms put on pause hiring and investment decisions,” Bloom said in an interview. “If Trump looks like a serious contender and is still making ‘Mexican Wall’ and ‘Trade Rape’ comments we will have the mother of all policy uncertainty spikes running up to the election.”  Trump has said he would build a wall on the Mexico-U.S. border and accused China of “raping” the U.S. with unfair trade policies.  A rise in the index, Bloom said, would foreshadow declines in production, investment, and employment.  Policymakers pay close attention to financial market volatility as well as economic data. The Fed delayed an expected hike last September after China’s sharp economic slowdown caused stock market drops and a tightening in financial conditions. A strong Trump candidacy could similarly upset markets, economists say. A Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Wednesday showed Trump running nearly even with Democrat Hillary Clinton among likely U.S. voters, a dramatic turnaround since he became his party’s presumptive nominee. Traders see a 36.5 percent chance of a Republican taking the presidency, according to futures prices on the Iowa Electronic Market.  “If Trump gains in the polls and the market reacts poorly, that (market turmoil) would be a good argument for the Fed to stay on hold,” said Cornerstone Macro economist Roberto Perli, a former Fed board staffer. China and Mexico are the second and third largest trading partners of the United States, respectively. “The trade stuff is anti-growth and harmful to the U.S. outlook,” said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, president of conservative think tank the American Action Forum and a former director of the Congressional Budget Office. “He’s an utterly unpredictable political element at this point,” added Holtz-Eakin, who was also chief economic policy adviser to Senator John McCain’s 2008 presidential campaign.  Trump, who says his policies will boost U.S. jobs and business interests, has said he likes low rates, but has also said he would replace Yellen when her term expires in 2018 if he wins the presidency.   So far there’s little indication Bloom’s uncertainty index is about to spike. It fell to a reading of 98.39 in April, just above where it was in November ahead of the Fed’s well-telegraphed rate hike. Other readings of uncertainty, like the VIX, look similarly benign. Voters go to the polls on Nov. 8. Historically, Bloom’s index jumps just ahead of tight presidential ballots, as well as during times of other policy uncertainty, such as the U.S. debt ceiling debate in 2011. A surge of 90 points in the index could presage a one percent decline in production and declines in employment and investment of about a half a percent each, based on Bloom’s models.  <^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Graphic showing past Fed rate moves in election years    tmsnrt.rs/1rD6A1u) ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^> ",1
9578,U.S. House Speaker Ryan: Meeting with Trump 'encouraging',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday said he was “very encouraged” following his meeting with presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump earlier on Thursday, adding that the process to unify the party would talk time.      “We had a very good and encouraging, productive conversation,” Ryan, the top elected Republican in the United States, told reporters at his weekly news conference. ",1
9579,"Ryan, Trump cite 'positive step' toward Republican unity","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday they had taken a “positive step” toward unifying the Republican Party with the goal of winning the White House in November. “With that focus, we had a great conversation this morning. While we were honest about our few differences, we recognize that there are also many important areas of common ground,” the two said in a joint statement.  “This was our first meeting, but it was a very positive step toward unification,” the statement said. ",1
9580,"Brexit would hurt Britain, EU and global economy: White House adviser in newspaper","BERLIN (Reuters) - If Britain were to leave the European Union, it would hurt Britain and Europe as well as the global economy, the chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers told a German newspaper. “You can certainly argue about whether the damage a Brexit would cause would be small, medium or big but it would definitely cause damage, especially for the Brits but also for the Europeans and the global economy,” Jason Furman said in an interview with Handelsblatt. “We don’t need more uncertainty at the moment,” he added. ",1
9581,Factbox: How will Britain's EU referendum work on the night?,"(Reuters) - Britain holds a referendum on membership of the European Union on June 23. Following are details of how the referendum will work on the night. Sources: Electoral Commission, Reuters reporting. Voters will be given one piece of paper with the question: “Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union?” They will be asked to put a cross beside either: “Remain a member of the European Union “Leave the European Union” All those who are entitled to vote in a UK parliamentary general election can vote in the referendum, including British, Irish and qualifying Commonwealth citizens over the age of 18 who are resident in the UK. UK nationals resident overseas who have appeared on a parliamentary election register in the past 15 years will also have the right to vote, as do Irish citizens who were born in Northern Ireland and registered to vote in Northern Ireland in the last 15 years. In addition, Peers and citizens of Gibraltar who were able to vote at a European Parliamentary election can vote. The deadline for registering to vote is midnight on June 7. Polling stations open at 0700 BST on June 23 and close at 2200 local time.  There are currently no plans by broadcasters for an exit poll as the margin of error is deemed to be too large. Votes will be counted by hand and the count will begin as soon as polls close (apart from in Gibraltar when counting will begin at 2300 local time, or 2200 UK time). Each of 382 local counting areas will count the number of ballot papers and announce local turnout figures in each of the areas. Then each counting area will count the votes and announce local totals for each of the 382 areas. These will be collated into regional totals, and then a final, national, result. A final result will be announced in Manchester by Jenny Watson, who is the Chief Counting Officer. Reuters will provide full coverage of the results.  ",1
9582,"To beat Zika in Rio, WHO prescribes safe sex and avoiding poor areas","GENEVA (Reuters) - People travelling to the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro should avoid visiting impoverished and overcrowded urban areas to prevent catching the mosquito-borne Zika virus, which has been linked to birth defects, the World Health Organization said on Thursday. Athletes and visitors should also consult a health worker before travelling, use insect repellent and clothing on as much of their body as possible, and practice safe sex or abstain during their stay and for at least four weeks after their return, it said. They should also choose air-conditioned accommodation. Pregnant women should avoid travelling to areas with Zika transmission, including Rio de Janeiro, the WHO said. ",1
9583,U.S. Senate negotiators zero in on Zika virus funding,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate negotiators on Wednesday tried to reach a deal to provide more than $1 billion to battle the Zika virus that is feared will creep north into the United States with the onset of warmer weather, which breeds mosquitoes that could carry the disease. Senior Senate Democratic aides said details were still being worked out, but votes could come by next week on whether to approve the new money. In February, President Barack Obama requested $1.9 billion in emergency funds, but Republicans balked, with some arguing that $1.1 billion is more in line with what is needed. Many Republicans also want any Zika funds to be offset with spending cuts elsewhere. These are among the details that still have to be worked out, according to aides. Republican Senator Roy Blunt from Missouri and Democratic Senator Patty Murray from Washington, the two senior senators on an appropriations panel that oversees healthcare spending, have been trying to hammer out a deal. An aide to Murray said in a statement: “Senator Murray is having conversations with Chairman Blunt and others about the path forward on emergency funding to respond to Zika.” The aide said Murray still supports Obama’s $1.9 billion request. Amid congressional inaction, the Obama administration shifted $589 million to help federal agencies prepare for Zika. Most of that money came from a fund to fight the Ebola virus and will have to be replenished, according to officials. Senator Marco Rubio, however, is one Republican pushing for both immediate, emergency funding and longer-term money to be made available starting on Oct. 1 to battle the disease that can cause severe brain deformities in babies born of infected mothers and other illnesses. “This is going to be an ongoing issue beyond this year,” Rubio said, adding, “We need to jump on it now.” There are fears that Rubio’s home state of Florida could be the first place in the continental United States to get hit hard by Zika because of its tropical climate. “For the first time, I’ve seen high-level conversations about a way forward here in the Senate and that’s a positive development,” Rubio said in a brief hallway interview with Reuters. Republicans in the House of Representatives are still deeply divided over new funding for Zika, according to two senior aides.",1
9584,Republican Party chairman calls meeting with Trump a step toward unity,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus said a meeting on Thursday with presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump and U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan was a step toward unifying the divided Republican Party. “The meeting was great. It was a very positive step toward party unity,” Priebus posted on Twitter after the meeting. ",1
9585,U.S. Republicans want to slash Obama's security council," (This version of the May 11 story, corrects figure in second paragraph to 100.) WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior U.S. Republican filed legislation on Wednesday seeking to rein in the White House’s National Security Council, saying it has grown too large and seeks to play too big a role in foreign policy. Representative Mac Thornberry said his measure would increase oversight of the NSC, capping it at 100 people or allowing it to be larger but subjecting the National Security adviser to confirmation by the Senate. Thornberry estimated the NSC currently has 400 staff. “All of President (Barack) Obama’s former Defense Secretaries have complained about micromanagement by the NSC,” Thornberry, chairman of the powerful House of Representatives Armed Services Committee, said in a statement. “I have personally heard from troops on the frontlines who have received intimidating calls from junior White House staffers. “Now we hear reports of NSC staffers running misinformation campaigns targeted at Congress and the press,” Thornberry said. He was referring to a recent New York Times profile in which a deputy national security adviser, Ben Rhodes, discussed ways the administration had communicated about last year’s Iran nuclear deal to the Washington press corps. Administration officials have dismissed proposals like Thornberry’s as political ploys. Ned Price, a spokesman for the NSC, commented that the White House has already taken steps to trim staff and streamline procedures. Thornberry introduced his legislation as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, a must-pass annual defense bill. To become law, a version of the NDAA including Thornberry’s amendment would have to pass both the House and Senate and be signed into law by Obama. ",1
9586,Germany's Steinmeier warns of EU disruptions in event of 'Brexit',"BERLIN (Reuters) - The European Union would not simply carry on as before should Britain vote to leave the bloc, Germany’s foreign minister said on Thursday, pointing to Northern Ireland as one potential trouble spot. Frank-Walter Steinmeier said he hoped Britain would vote to stay in the 28-member bloc in a referendum on June 23. “Should the British decide otherwise, then the European Union won’t just carry on as 28 minus one,” Steinmeier told a conference on Europe in his ministry. As an example of one area where old troubles could flare up, he pointed to Northern Ireland and its border with EU member Ireland, which is open and where the situation is largely calm. “At the moment that the United Kingdom leaves (the EU), we have a border again between Ireland and Northern Ireland. That has at least the potential to allow completely calmed conflicts to flare up again,” Steinmeier said. A 1998 peace deal, brokered after more than 3,600 had died, has largely ended the conflict that pitted mostly Catholics, who wanted a united Ireland, against Unionists, mostly Protestants, who wanted it to remain part of the United Kingdom. ",1
9587,U.S. high court could spur Congress on Puerto Rico debt crisis,"WASHINGTON/SAN JUAN (Reuters) - As the U.S. Congress drags its feet on a bill to address Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt crisis, it could get kicked into high gear by an unlikely source: the Supreme Court.  The highest U.S. court is due to rule by the end of June on the validity of a Puerto Rico law that would allow the U.S. territory to restructure the chunk of its debt issued by public agencies, more than $20 billion, in a bankruptcy-like process. The court fight is playing out as the Republican-led Congress grapples with legislation that lawmakers hope will prevent the need for a bailout of the territory of 3.5 million U.S. citizens. The legislation is expected to put Puerto Rico’s finances under federal oversight through a control board and let the Caribbean island cut debt through a bankruptcy-like restructuring process. It would preempt the Recovery Act, the local restructuring law that was thrown out in U.S. courts before Puerto Rico asked the Supreme Court to reinstate it. Puerto Rico is not covered by federal bankruptcy laws that U.S. cities and public agencies can use, so some U.S. lawmakers view legislation as the only way to keep the debt crisis from worsening. But drafting the bill has been laborious. Some bondholders, including U.S. hedge funds, and Republicans are seeking to ensure that creditors get paid as much as possible of what they are owed. Congressional Democrats, the Obama administration and Puerto Rico itself are trying to prevent austerity that could threaten services on the island. An early draft of the bill by the House of Representatives Natural Resources Committee never made it to a vote, and the panel on Wednesday delayed unveiling the latest draft, citing the need for “a number of refinements.” Some Republicans oppose inclusion of a “cram-down” provision that would let Puerto Rico impose debt cuts on creditors who do not agree to them. A Supreme Court decision on Puerto Rico’s law could come as soon as Monday. The ruling could change the political dynamics for Republicans by resurrecting a law that is viewed as even less palatable to them than the congressional bill, according to congressional sources and experts who follow the debate.  Many of the creditors lobbying conservatives in Congress to oppose the legislation, known as the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA), would prefer to keep debt-restructuring talks out of a bankruptcy court, or at least avoid cram-down. That is because in the normal course of business they are entitled to full repayment, but in a bankruptcy proceeding they could be legally made to accept discounts.  If the Supreme Court reinstates the Recovery Act, the congressional legislation might not seem so bad to creditors in comparison, said Melissa Jacoby, a University of North Carolina School of Law bankruptcy expert and professor. “It might alter the lobbying landscape,” Jacoby said. Puerto Rico has already defaulted on some of its debt, most recently the bulk of a $422 million payment owed by its primary government bank. The Recovery Act, if revived, would let the island restructure debt at public utilities like power authority PREPA and water authority PRASA, though the island’s legislature could try to expand it to cover other debts, Jacoby said. The Supreme Court’s March 22 oral arguments indicated the justices could uphold the law. Such a ruling could prompt creditors and Republican lawmakers to embrace the need to pass the PROMESA bill. The legislation is expected to carry more bondholder protections than the Recovery Act, requiring an attempt at consensual restructuring talks as a condition for any debt cuts. “Those very same players who are now blocking our (congressional) legislation will, all of a sudden, encourage the (Republican) majority to pass some legislation” if the Supreme Court revives the Recovery Act, said a Democratic House aide, speaking on condition of anonymity. The island’s moment of truth could strike by June 30. That is the date by which the Supreme Court is expected to rule and a day before Puerto Rico faces a $1.9 billion debt payment that its governor has said it cannot afford. Congress is aiming to pass legislation to address Puerto Rico’s crisis before that payment.   Steny Hoyer, the second-ranking House Democrat, told Reuters the high court’s ruling “could have some effect” on PROMESA’s drafting process “depending on what the Supreme Court says about Puerto Rican authority to do whatever it needs to do.” A source close to major creditors said a ruling reinstating the Recovery Act could encourage Congress to pass legislation for a different reason: creditors would keep litigating different aspects of that law, perpetuating Puerto Rico’s economic uncertainty. Parish Braden, a spokesman for House National Resources Committee Republicans, said Congress ultimately must act regardless of what the Supreme Court does. “The ball is already in Congress’ court,” Braden said. ",1
9588,Gingrich doesn't rule out Trump VP role,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican veteran Newt Gingrich did not rule out on Wednesday the possibility that he could be persuaded to serve as presumptive nominee Donald Trump’s vice presidential running mate, but said Trump has plenty of other talent to consider. “I would certainly talk about it,” Gingrich told Fox News Channel’s Sean Hannity. “I wouldn’t turn it down automatically.” Gingrich has been a persistent subject of speculation as a possible Trump running mate. He is a former speaker of the House of Representatives and, as such, meets one of Trump’s main requirements for the job - that his No. 2 be someone who could help steer legislation through Congress. Gingrich ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012 and lost to the eventual nominee, Mitt Romney. He has been serving as an informal adviser to Trump, who has said he has narrowed his list of potential picks to five or six. Gingrich said in the Fox interview that former Texas Governor Rick Perry and Ohio Governor John Kasich would both be strong selections for the position. Kasich, who ended his own presidential run last week, has emphatically ruled out serving with Trump, while Perry has said he would be willing to be considered and has endorsed Trump. Speculation has also centered around some of Trump’s former rivals like U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who said this week he was not interested, and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who is a strong backer of Trump. “I’m not the only person around,” Gingrich said. He suggested that there could be better choices for the position, noting that it would be an advantage for Trump to have a running mate who could help win over voters in a particular region of the country.  A former congressman from Georgia, Gingrich has lived in the Washington, D.C., suburbs for years. Still, he said, he would be willing to consider it. “I am in the ‘not no’ column,” Gingrich said. ",1
9589,France's Sapin says Brexit would affect London as finance hub,"LONDON (Reuters) - London’s status as a global financial center would probably be affected to some extent if Britain votes to leave the European Union in next month’s referendum, French finance minister Michel Sapin said on Thursday. “The City (of London) is a considerable financial force and I don’t think that (Brexit) would transform all the elements that constitute its strength,” Sapin said through a translator during a visit to London. “But I don’t think that it would be without effects which would have to be seen.” Some French banks had told him Brexit would have consequences for them and that some of their activities based in London might not carry on as they were, he said. ",1
9590,"House blocks Google-hosted apps, Yahoo Mail over security fears","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives’ information technology team has blocked lawmakers from accessing software applications hosted on a Google cloud service to prevent possible hacking campaigns, two congressional sources said on Wednesday.  The move came after Yahoo Mail was also blacklisted by House authorities due to fears of ransomware infiltration. The two restrictions, which have hampered some internal communications in the lower chamber, have both been implemented within the past two weeks and are still in place. The episodes are not believed to be related, the sources said.    Devices connected to the House’s internet via wifi or ethernet cables have been barred from accessing appspot.com, the domain where Google hosts custom-built apps, after the FBI notified Congress of a potential security vulnerability, the sources said. “We began blocking appspot.com on May 3 in response to indicators that appspot.com was potentially still hosting a remote access trojan named BLT that has been there since June 2015,” one of the sources, a House staffer with direct knowledge of the situation, told Reuters. A Google (GOOGL.O) spokesman said the company was investigating reports of the restriction and would work with the House to resolve any issues. The FBI has so far not responded to a request for a comment. The FBI sent an advisory to private industry in June 2015 about a number of remote access tools capable of stealing personally identifiable information, including a trojan file named BLT found on the Google appspot.com domain.          Ted Henderson, a former House employee, said two Google-hosted apps he created specifically for use by congressional staffers to discuss politics and share alerts on votes are now effectively banned on their work network. The disabling of appspot.com occurred after the House Information Security Office sent an advisory email to lawmakers and staffers on April 30 warning of increased phishing attacks on the House network from third party, web-based mail applications including Yahoo Mail and Gmail. “The attacks are focused on putting ‘ransomware’ on users’ computers,” the email, seen by Reuters, states. It added that the primary focus of the attackers appeared to be Yahoo Mail, which was being blocked on the network “until further notice.” Two individuals fell victim to ransomware by clicking on infected Word document email attachments, sources familiar with the hacking said. The infected files were able to be recovered without paying any ransom, the sources said. Ransomware attacks, which involve accessing a computer or network’s files and encrypting them until a ransom is paid by the victim, have grown more severe and common in recent years.  Yahoo YHOO.O is working closely with the House to resolve the matter, a company spokesperson said. ",1
9591,Cyber attacks on Islamic State use tools others also have: U.S. defense chief,"SANTA CLARA (Reuters) - Cyber attack techniques used by the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State could also be used by other countries, U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said on Wednesday. Speaking in California, Carter told reporters that the U.S.-led coalition used electronic techniques to disrupt and degrade the jihadist force’s ability to organize and said an unspecified number of other countries could do the same in other conflicts. “These are not capabilities that only we have,” Carter said at a news conference at the Santa Clara headquarters of Intel Corp’s security wing. “That is why good, strong cyber defenses are essential for us.” The remarks add more detail to a campaign that has only recently been acknowledged. The conference was also attended by the U.S. Secretaries of Homeland Security and Commerce. The cabinet secretaries had gathered for a day-long presidential security advisory board meeting that was the first to be held in Silicon Valley since the group’s inception more than 35 years ago. The officials used their remarks at the event to call for greater cooperation between the government and private sector, especially to confront rising cyber security threats. Carter said he was expanding the Pentagon’s technology innovation unit by adding an office in Boston and hiring a recruiter to attract tech company leaders to temporary military jobs. The so-called Defense Innovation Unit Experimental was formed to help get ideas and products from Silicon Valley into the Defense Department quickly. National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers told the group that the government’s largest intelligence workforce had moved from almost exclusively defending Pentagon networks to protecting the civilian government five years ago and was increasingly assisting the Department of Homeland Security in efforts to help safeguard private companies. “The part that frustrates me is, why are we coming in after the fact,” as with the destructive hacking of Sony Pictures Entertainment, a unit of Sony Corp, instead of acting earlier on information gathered about attacks in the works, Rogers said.  Tensions between U.S. technology companies and the government continue to flare over President Barack Obama’s call for encryption that can be pierced at the government’s request.  The three cabinet secretaries stood behind the call for flexible encryption during the press conference. The National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee did not address the subject during its public sessions at Intel on Wednesday. Tech and security company officials and prominent venture capitalists said at the meeting they hoped the government would continue to hasten the adoption of private-sector innovation in such areas as robotics and machine learning and the officials said that they would. White House cyber security policy coordinator Michael Daniel said cooperation was critical to avoid the massive economic, social and intelligence benefit of the Internet for the West becoming a liability. ",1
9592,Trump draws even with Clinton in national White House poll ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump pulled even with Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Wednesday, in a dramatic early sign that the Nov. 8 presidential election might be more hotly contested than first thought. While much can change in the six months until the election, the results of the online survey are a red flag for the Clinton campaign that the billionaire’s unorthodox bid for the White House cannot be brushed aside. Trump’s numbers surged after he effectively won the Republican nomination last week by knocking out his two remaining rivals, according to the poll. The national survey found 41 percent of likely voters supporting Clinton and 40 percent backing Trump, with 19 percent undecided. The survey of 1,289 people was conducted over five days and has a credibility interval of 3 percentage points. “Very happy to see these numbers,” Trump said in a written comment to Reuters. “Good direction.” A spokesman for Clinton’s campaign did not respond to requests for comment on the poll. A Reuters/Ipsos survey conducted in the five days to May 4 had the former secretary of state at 48 percent and the New York magnate at 35 percent.     Republican strategist Dave Carney said the Reuters/Ipsos poll showed the vulnerability of Clinton, who is still battling U.S. Senator from Vermont Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination.  “She has been in the public eye for decades, served in high office, and now she’s in a dead heat with Trump, in a race that everyone thought she would win easily,” said Carney, who has been critical of Trump. “Everyone thought it would be a romp.” Trump has his own problems, though. He is struggling to bring some senior Republicans behind his campaign after primary election battles in which his fiery rhetoric rankled party elites.     Several Republican leaders — including House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan — are withholding their support.  “After a tough primary, that’s going to take some effort,” Ryan said about unifying the party. “We are committed to putting that effort in.”  The former reality TV star will face pressure to tone down his rhetoric and clarify his policy positions when he visits Republican lawmakers, including Ryan, on Thursday. Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney criticized Trump on Wednesday for not releasing his tax returns, saying the only explanation was that the documents contained a “bombshell.” Trump has said that he will make public his tax returns on the completion of an audit.              Clinton and Trump both poll well with voters of their respective parties, but independent voters continue to express uncertainty about who they will support, with 38 percent in the Reuters/Ipsos poll saying they are unsure or would vote for someone else. With the party’s primary season winding down, the two likely nominees have turned their attention to attacking each other, both on policy and personality. Clinton took aim at Trump’s tax reform plan at a rally in New Jersey on Wednesday.  With a typical American family earning $54,000 per year, Clinton said, “It would take that family 24 years of work to earn what Donald Trump’s tax plan will hand out to people like him in just one year. That is no way to create good job with rising incomes for the vast majority of Americans, is it?” Trump has taunted Clinton in recent days for failing to “close the deal” against Sanders.     University of Virginia political science professor Larry Sabato said Trump - who has promised to force Mexico to pay for a border wall to halt illegal immigration and called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country - could also face a wall of opposition among minority voters. “This is an election that will be determined as much by the demographic composition of the American electorate as anything else - and that didn’t change in a week,” he said.      Clinton’s loss in the Democratic primary election in West Virginia on Tuesday also signaled possible trouble for her in industrial states in November, underscoring how she still needs to court working-class voters in the Rust Belt. Roughly six in 10 voters in West Virginia, which has one of the highest unemployment rates in country, said they were very worried about the direction of the U.S. economy in the next few years, according to a preliminary ABC News exit poll.  The same proportion cited the economy and jobs as the most important issue in the election.         ",1
9593,House passes bill to aid children born into opioid dependency,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The House of Representatives on Wednesday unanimously passed legislation to improve safety planning for children who are born dependent on opioid drugs.  A similar bill is pending in the Senate. It is one of more than a dozen new measures that are aimed at addressing a U.S. epidemic of addiction to pain pills and cheap heroin.     The legislation came in response to a Reuters investigation last year, titled “Helpless and Hooked,” which revealed that at least 110 babies had died since 2010 after being born dependent or exposed to opioids and sent home with parents ill-prepared to care for them. “It’s hard to imagine that stories like these could be any more tragic,” Rep. Lou Barletta, a Pennsylvania Republican who is the prime sponsor of the bill, said on the House floor. “Unfortunately, they are. Because they should have and in many cases could have been prevented.” Only nine of the 50 U.S. states followed a federal law requiring them to track and help those newborns, Reuters reported. The news agency found that more than 130,000 newborns were diagnosed with drug withdrawal over the last decade, but most of them weren’t reported to state child-protection authorities. In April, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services asked all states to report by June 30 whether and how they are following the existing law, known as the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act. States receive federal funding after giving assurance they are complying. Rep. Katherine Clark of Massachusetts, the leading Democratic co-sponsor, emphasized that the new legislation would require help for not only the newborn but also for the mother and family. That provision is aimed at overcoming resistance to reporting cases of newborn addiction among doctors and other health-care workers, who sometimes fear that mothers may be punished if the cases come to official attention.      “This important step with this bill is to ensure that the whole family is healthy and successful and supported,” Clark said. The measure, formally known the Improving Safe Care for the Prevention of Infant Abuse and Neglect Act, passed 421-0. Children’s advocates are seeking more federal funding to go with the commitment. “We would view this as a good first step, but they need to make it real and put some money in it,” said John Sciamanna, vice president of public policy for the Child Welfare League of America. Among the other opioid-related bills adopted by the House on Wednesday was one designed to help states emulate a pilot program for drug-affected newborns in Huntington, West Virginia. Rep. Evan Jenkins, a Republican who helped create the Huntington facility, known as Lily’s Place, before he became a congressman, said his bill would help improve access to care for poor babies and women on Medicare. The Reuters series can be read here: here ",1
9594,Trump open to Social Security changes if elected: adviser,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump would consider changes to Social Security and Medicare if he is elected U.S. president, a top adviser to the New York businessman said on Wednesday, signaling a shift from Trump’s earlier stance that he would not touch so-called entitlement programs. Policy adviser Sam Clovis said at a Washington conference that Trump would be open to a bipartisan look at entitlement spending once he implemented his other policies, such as his tax plan. “I think after the administration’s been in place, then we will start to take a look at all of the programs, including entitlement programs like Social Security and Medicare,” Clovis said at an event hosted by the Peter G. Peterson Foundation. The foundation is known for its attacks on deficit spending, and it supports revamping Social Security and Medicare. “We’ll take a hard look at those to start seeing what we can do in a bipartisan way,” Clovis said, adding Trump was not  proposing any entitlement changes now. Trump, who became the likely Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 general election last week when his two remaining rivals dropped out, had said he wanted to leave those programs alone.  On the campaign trail in Wisconsin last month, he attacked Republicans who he said would cut Social Security benefits. “It’s my absolute intention to leave Social Security the way it is,” Trump said during a Republican debate in March. “I want to make our country rich again so we can afford it.” Clovis said Trump’s economic policies would spur growth, and he estimated a $4.5 trillion to $7 trillion surplus over 10 years. The conservative Tax Foundation has estimated Trump’s tax plan, which calls for simplifying the tax code and slashing corporate rates, would cut U.S. tax revenues by about $10 trillion. Trump may retool that tax proposal to bring down the price tag, said Stephen Moore, a conservative economist with the Heritage Foundation. He said he and Larry Kudlow, who hosts a program on CNBC, have proposed changes to the tax plan. “What we were working with the campaign a little bit on is how can we get that cost down, cut it by half or more, without disrupting the main growth elements of the plan,” Moore told Reuters. Hope Hicks, a spokesman for the Trump campaign, said the tax plan was not being re-written. Moore said Trump had not yet signed off on any proposed tweaks. ",1
9595,Planned Parenthood sues Ohio over plan to restrict funds,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Planned Parenthood filed a lawsuit against Ohio officials on Wednesday over a plan by the state to restrict the U.S. healthcare agency’s access to state and federal funds, saying it was being singled out for providing abortion services. The lawsuit, filed in federal court on behalf of Planned Parenthood branches of greater Ohio and of the southwest region, said attempts to defund the healthcare agency and several affiliated programs were an “extreme punishment” exacted solely because abortion services are part of its range of care, court filings showed. Agency officials also said such actions violated the equal protection clause of the U.S. Constitution for singling out Planned Parenthood and treating it differently from other healthcare providers. Ohio Right to Life director Katie Franklin called the lawsuit “frivolous.” The Ohio bill was signed by Governor John Kasich in February and bars the state from contracts with organizations that perform or promote abortions. It is set to take effect on May 23. Kasich’s press secretary, Joe Andrews, said in an email he would not discuss pending litigation, but added the governor, a former Republican presidential candidate, was pleased to sign legislation “that continued our progress in moving funding to other eligible providers.” The lawsuit is the 15th filed by Planned Parenthood over access to care at its centers since mid-2015, when anti-abortion activists began releasing videos purporting to show group officials negotiating prices for aborted fetal tissue. Planned Parenthood denied wrongdoing and said the videos were distorted and politically motivated. Officials in 12 states have since blocked efforts to cut funding from the clinics, and the federal director of Medicaid, a government healthcare program for the poor, warned states in April against cutting off funds to Planned Parenthood simply because its services include abortions. Planned Parenthood officials said they were asking the court to hand down an order before the law takes effect. If allowed to continue, the action would “constitute an undue, constitutionally intolerable burden on the abortion rights of Ohio women,” the filing said. Also on Wednesday, Kansas Governor Sam Brownback signed into law a bill that directs the state’s spending of federal funds for family planning services to health centers and hospitals that provide a full range of healthcare.  The governor’s office said in a statement the bill would eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood clinics out of federal grants for family planning programs.  ",1
9596,"Trump, Sanders fans share hunger for campaign T-shirts, coffee mugs","BOSTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Supporters of U.S. presidential candidates Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders may inhabit opposite ends of the political spectrum, but they have one thing in common: an unprecedented hunger for campaign swag. Fans of the Republican billionaire Trump and of Democrat Sanders have bought nearly $20 million worth of campaign hats, T-shirts, bumper stickers, and other merchandise so far, according to campaign officials, a level that political brand experts reckon is a record for a presidential election. The sales reveal deep passion for the White House contenders among some voters, and could also signify an expansion of merchandise as a fundraising tool in future races, said Laura Ries, president of branding consultancy Ries & Ries. “I’m sure we’ll see more of this. Merchandise is a great way of getting your message out there, of engaging people, and of raising money,” she said. Among offerings from Trump, now the only candidate left in the Republican race, are T-shirts featuring slogans like “Team Trump” and “New York Values”, trucker hats emblazed with “Make America Great Again” and a “presidential dog raglan” sweater designed to be worn by dogs. The campaign shop for Sanders, who describes himself as a Democratic socialist and who has promised to go after Wall Street and redress social inequalities, features “Feel the Bern” mugs, T-shirts with slogans like “Join the political revolution NOW”, and a “Babies for Bernie” baby bib. Hillary Clinton, who is expected to fend off the challenge from Sanders to become the Democratic nominee for the Nov. 8 election, has run a much smaller campaign merchandise business. “Hillary is a huge front-runner in the polls, but in terms of passion, she’s lagging,” Ries said. “Not as many people want to wear a Clinton T-shirt.” T-SHIRTS AND COFFEE MUGS The Sanders campaign has raised about $12.8 million in gross revenue from campaign merchandise sales, accounting for some 7 percent of total individual contributions so far, according to Kenneth Pennington, the campaign’s digital director. He said the campaign had sold more than 800,000 individual items since launching last year, including 207,000 t-shirts and 44,000 coffee mugs. That gear cost the campaign $8.5 million to manufacture, representing about 5 percent of the campaign’s total expenditures to date, according to federal disclosures, meaning the campaign’s net revenue on merchandise is about $4.3 million. The primary manufacturer of the goods was Tigereye Promotions of Ohio. Campaign reports do not require candidates to break out revenue from merchandise sales. Trump’s merchandise business is smaller than Sanders’, but still historically huge. The real estate developer has mainly used his own funds to finance his White House bid so far, but his campaign has raised more than $6 million in gross revenue by selling Trump trademark gifts and apparel, representing “a majority” of the campaign’s individual contributions, according to spokeswoman Hope Hicks.  “The sale of official campaign products has been extremely successful,” she said. That gear cost the campaign more than $4.7 million to produce. Among the most used manufacturers were Cali-Fame of California and Ace Specialties of Louisiana, according to federal campaign finance disclosures. The owner of Ace Specialties, Christl Mahfouz, is on the board of Trump’s son’s foundation, the Eric Trump Foundation, which raises money for terminally ill children. Clinton’s campaign, meanwhile, has spent just $1.4 million on swag manufacturing so far, according to campaign records. A campaign official was not immediately available to comment on how much the campaign had raised through the sale of that merchandise. “For Hillary, I suspect we will see more swag, as she tries to pick up Bernie supporters in the general election,” said Karen Post, a brand consultant and author of “Brand Turnaround”. “What young person do you know who doesn’t love T shirts?” The Trump and Sanders swag spending this year is unmatched by recent elections.  Democratic President Barack Obama, seen as one of the best-branded presidential candidates in recent U.S. history, spent just $1.3 million on T-shirts, posters and bumper stickers during his first election bid in 2008, when he galvanized supporters behind his core messages of hope and change slogan and his rising sun campaign logo.  Obama spent less than $70,000 on merchandise during his 2012 re-election bid against Republican Mitt Romney, whose campaign dished out $3.4 million on campaign promotional items, according to campaign finance reports. ",1
9597,Louisiana legislature passes 72-hour waiting period for abortions,"(Reuters) - The Louisiana legislature on Wednesday passed a bill requiring women to wait three days before receiving an abortion, tripling the state’s existing waiting time in one of the most stringent regulations of its kind nationally. Governor John Bel Edwards, a Democrat, has said he plans to sign the bill championed by anti-abortion groups. It passed with wide support from the Republican-controlled legislature. The bill requires a woman to wait at least 72 hours after a state-mandated ultrasound for the procedure. The current waiting time is 24 hours, the same as in most states with waiting periods. Only five other states require 72-hour waiting periods: Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Dakota and Utah. The measures are among a wave of laws being adopted by states as conservatives seek to chip away at the U.S. Supreme Court’s landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade decision to legalize abortion.  Advocates of extending the Louisiana waiting period say women need more time to consider alternatives and the consequences of ending a pregnancy. “Many of them come to regret their decision later in life,” Deanna Wallace, legislative director for Louisiana Right to Life, said in a telephone interview. The measure is “empowering them with additional time to consider all of the options.” Opponents of the legislation see it as the latest attempt to block women’s access to abortions. “Politicians in Louisiana have made it their mission to restrict access to safe and legal health care — with women in the state left to pay the price,” Amanda Allen, senior state legislative counsel at the Center for Reproductive Rights, said in a statement, urging the governor to veto the measure.  Louisiana also requires women to make two separate visits to a clinic to obtain an abortion, seen as an additional burden on women forced to take extra time off work and away from families, according to the Guttmacher Institute, which tracks reproductive health policy.     Missouri, South Dakota and Utah have similar policies, while North Carolina and Oklahoma allow women to receive the initial counseling by phone. The Louisiana legislation includes an exception for women living 150 miles or farther from an abortion clinic. They will remain under the current 24-hour waiting requirement. ",1
9598,Romney: It's 'disqualifying' for Trump not to release tax returns,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former U.S. Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney on Wednesday criticized Donald Trump for declining to release his tax returns, saying the only explanation was that the documents contained a “bombshell” about the real estate mogul. “It is disqualifying for a modern-day presidential nominee to refuse to release tax returns to the voters,” Romney said in a Facebook post about Trump, who became the likely Republican nominee when his rivals dropped out last week. “There is only one logical explanation for Mr. Trump’s refusal to release his returns: there is a bombshell in them,” Romney said. “Given Mr. Trump’s equanimity with other flaws in his history, we can only assume it’s a bombshell of unusual size.” Trump has said that he will make public his tax returns on the completion of an audit. ",1
9599,Ryan strikes conciliatory tone ahead of Trump meeting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday he was trying to be as constructive as possible as he looked forward to a Thursday meeting with presumptive U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump aimed at unifying the fractured party. But Ryan, the most high-profile Republican who has not endorsed Trump, warned that bringing party factions together would take some time after a grueling primary season. This suggested there might not be instant results from his get-together on Thursday with Trump and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus. Trump’s takeover of the Republican Party has shaken the party’s establishment and prompted soul-searching over whether to reluctantly get behind him or cede any role in the Nov. 8 presidential election, when Hillary Clinton is expected to be his Democratic opponent. Trump faces pressure to tone down his rhetoric and clarify his policy positions as a step toward unifying the divided party. Some Republicans were alarmed at his recent talk of raising taxes on the wealthy. But Ryan also faces some pressure to smooth things over after saying last week that he was not yet ready to support Trump, an extraordinary statement that was seen as keeping some distance from the presumptive nominee and leaving open his prospects for running for president in 2020. “What we are trying to do is to be as constructive as possible, to have a real unification,” Ryan told reporters on Wednesday after a meeting with his fellow Republicans in the House of Representatives. “After a tough primary, that’s going to take some effort. We are committed to putting that effort in,” said Ryan, who said he does not really know Trump. “I want to be a part of that unifying process so that we are at full strength this fall, so that we can win this election. We cannot afford to lose this election to Hillary Clinton,” Ryan said. Ryan, 46, a conservative congressman since 1999 who ran unsuccessfully for vice president in 2012, and Trump, a 69-year-old billionaire real estate developer, are very different Republicans who do not see eye to eye on many things, from immigration to trade. But Ryan said on Wednesday these differences are not at issue, because “this is a big-tent party. There is plenty of room for different policy disputes in this party.” One lawmaker at Wednesday’s House Republican gathering raised a request for Trump to meet with all Republicans in the House, a source who was in the room said, asking not to be named. Such a meeting is expected to happen sometime before the July 18-21 Republican convention in Cleveland, the source said. On Tuesday night, Ryan spoke by phone for about 16 minutes with a Trump emissary, former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson, according to Carson spokesman Armstrong Williams. Some Republicans have been rankled by Trump’s policy proposals, including his declaration that NATO is obsolete and his call to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country. But some House lawmakers who back Trump expressed their displeasure with Ryan for withholding his support at a small group meeting with the speaker later on Wednesday, an aide to one of the lawmakers said. Trump has the potential to appeal to a greater number of Republican voters but must make changes to make party leaders more comfortable with him, Republican officials and lawmakers say.  “I think he has to show what kind of president that he would be,” Senator Susan Collins said. “But I believe he can do that, so I am not one who has foreclosed the possibility of eventually supporting him. But I need to see more from him.” After Ryan said last week he was not yet ready to support Trump, the candidate fired back that he was not ready to support Ryan’s agenda. But on Wednesday, Trump had warm words for Ryan and said he thought they were doing fine. “We’ll see what happens” at the meeting, Trump told Fox News. “If we make a deal, that’ll be great. If we don’t, we’ll trudge forward like I’ve been doing.” ",1
9600,"Exclusive: Trump surges in support, almost even with Clinton in national U.S. poll"," NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s support has surged and he is now running nearly even with Democrat Hillary Clinton among likely U.S. voters, a dramatic turnaround since he became the Republican party’s presumptive presidential nominee, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Wednesday.  The results could signal a close fight between the two likely White House rivals as Americans make up their minds ahead of the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama. As recently as last week, Clinton led Trump by around 13 points in the poll.  In the most recent survey, 41 percent of likely voters supported Clinton, the Democratic front-runner, and 40 percent backed Trump, with 19 percent not decided on either yet, according to the online poll of 1,289 people conducted from Friday to Tuesday. The poll had a credibility interval of about 3 percentage points.  The results reflect a big increase in support for Trump since he knocked out U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Governor John Kasich last week to become the last Republican in the White House race.  There was no immediate comment from the Clinton or Trump campaigns.  Clinton, who has all but clinched the Democratic nomination over rival Bernie Sanders, has mostly led Trump in the head-to-head poll this year. Trump briefly matched her support a few times in 2016, most recently in mid-March, after U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a favorite of the Republican establishment, dropped out.  ",1
9601,Top House Democrat expects movement on Puerto Rico bill in days,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives could not agree to the latest Republican bill on Puerto Rico’s debt crisis, but the two sides should be able to produce a deal within a few days, the top House Democrat said on Wednesday. “We were disappointed that the bill we saw yesterday wasn’t something we could support, and so another few days of back and forth I think will produce something that we can take to the floor,” House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi told reporters. “I’m hoping maybe by Friday, so that we can have something for next week,” she added.  ",1
9602,U.S. House panel cancels plan to introduce Puerto Rico bill,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republicans on a U.S. House of Representatives panel said they were making progress on a Puerto Rico debt relief bill that will take the same basic approach as an earlier failed version, despite cancelling plans to unveil new legislation on Wednesday. The House Natural Resources Committee said more time was needed to refine the bill’s language. House Democratic leadership now expects legislation from the committee before the end of the week. Competing forces have fought over the bill and raised concerns that creditor rights and long-established municipal bond market hierarchy would be set aside in a broader plan to fix Puerto Rico’s festering debt problems that have resulted in a breakdown in the island’s social services. “The new bill itself already protects existing lawful creditor priorities and liens. The integrity of creditor hierarchy will be preserved,” said Parish Braden, spokesman for the Natural Resources Committee said on Wednesday. HNRC Chairman Rob Bishop told Reuters on Monday the bill is still expected to include the installation of an independent oversight board to lead the restructuring of the U.S. commonwealth’s credit and work with the local government to develop an economic reform plan. “The introduction (of the bill) is not being delayed due to the underlying foundation of the board,” Braden said, adding: “There aren’t hang ups. There are a number of refinements to the bill being made to ensure internal consistency among the titles (of the bill).”  One source familiar with the delay said it was due to a need to refine language related to the minimum wage and land-use issues over the island of Vieques. U.S. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said on Wednesday her party could not support the latest legislative effort but still hopes for an agreement within a few days. “We were disappointed that the bill we saw yesterday wasn’t something we could support, and so another few days of back and forth I think will produce something that we can take to the floor,” Pelosi told reporters. “I’m hoping maybe by Friday, so that we can have something for next week,” she added. Puerto Rico has already defaulted on some of its debt and faces an overall bill of $70 billion it cannot pay. A staggering 45 percent poverty rate and increased migration among its 3.5 million citizens to the U.S. mainland drains economic activity. The ranking Democrat on the HNRC issued a statement that said the families on the island needed relief from cuts to public services but remained hopeful a deal is close at hand. “We are making progress, but we are not there yet. The situation in Puerto Rico is dire, but a bill that doesn’t solve the problem, or doesn’t pass, won’t help anyone,” Raúl Grijalva, a Democrat from Arizona said. Puerto Rico defaulted on May 1 for a third time on some of its debt, missing a roughly $400 million payment owed by the Government Development Bank, the island’s main fiscal agent. The May 1 default and the nearly $2 billion July 1 debt payments have spurred congressional activity. “(Senator Chuck) Schumer from the Senate is pushing to get something done. But the problem here is that Democrats are going to push for protections for unions and for pensioners and we feel like they should be at the bottom of the heap because that’s the way the law states,” Republican Representative John Fleming of Louisiana, a Tea Party favorite and member of the HNRC, told Reuters on Wednesday. “I think there’s just big divisions on how this goes. But I think the way it was previously set up, it’s not going to fly,” Fleming said. ",1
9603,North Carolina transgender battle could expand civil rights law," (This version of the May 10 story has been corrects to update new name of group to “GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders” from “Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders,” in the sixth paragraph) By Daniel Trotta and Daniel Wiessner (Reuters) - The legal battle over transgender rights between the state of North Carolina and the U.S. government has moved the country closer to settling one of the last frontiers in civil rights law.  At issue is whether transgender people deserve the same federal protections that have been extended to groups such as blacks and religious minorities. Backers of the North Carolina law, which requires people to use public bathrooms that correspond with the sex on their birth certificate rather than their gender identity, say it will protect women and girls from predators. Transgender advocates say that claim is unfounded and ignores a modern understanding of people who identify with a gender other than the one assigned at birth.  The next step is likely to be a federal judge’s decision on whether to impose an injunction, or temporary ruling, to void the North Carolina law pending a trial. Regardless of how a judge might rule on an injunction, the case stands to add to a growing body of legal decisions that have tended to side in favor of transgender rights but not enough to dissuade states like North Carolina.  A handful of U.S. states and cities have attempted to enact measures affecting lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights, but North Carolina is the first state to focus on transgender people’s use of public bathrooms.    “This is absolutely a critical moment in terms of the focus and the answers that will come through these cases about the established scope of protections for transgender people,” said Jennifer Levi, a lawyer with GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders. The North Carolina law is the subject of four lawsuits in federal court, two on each side. The U.S. Justice Department and an advocacy group, the American Civil Liberties Union, have each sought to strike it down, saying the law violates the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1964, which jolted a divided nation into applying full rights to African-Americans a century after the abolition of slavery. North Carolina’s governor and legislature both sued on Monday to protect their law, saying the Justice Department was trying to strike down a “common sense privacy policy” meant to protect the state’s public employees. State officials also said if the Obama administration wants protections for transgender people, it should appeal to Congress to amend existing laws. At least two provisions of federal law ban discrimination on the basis of sex — Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, which covers and employment, and Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. The issue before the courts is whether “sex” also applies to gender identity. The Obama administration has taken a firm stance that transgender people are protected, a point that Attorney General Loretta Lynch emphasized on Monday. “The entire Obama administration wants you to know that we see you; we stand with you; and we will do everything we can to protect you going forward,” Lynch told transgender people in remarks at a news conference.  Lynch also threatened to withhold federal funding to the North Carolina Department of Public Safety and the University of North Carolina while the legal case proceeds. North Carolina stands to lose $4.8 billion in funds, mainly educational grants, if it does not back down from the law, according to an analysis by lawyers at the University of California, Los Angeles Law School. Unless North Carolina backs down, any ruling by a trial judge would likely be challenged and end up in a Virginia-based federal appeals court that only weeks ago issued an important ruling in favor of transgender rights. That court, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, said a transgender teen from Virginia could sue his high school for being barred from using the boy’s bathroom. The court noted that federal education officials have interpreted Title IX to apply to transgender people but did not directly rule on the issue.  So far, only one appeals court has explicitly ruled that the Civil Rights Act prohibits discrimination against transgender people, in a 2005 case brought by a police officer. At least five other appeals courts have suggested that they agreed, some in cases involving other federal discrimination laws. The U.S. Supreme Court could help settle the matter, but experts said it was unlikely to take up any precedent-setting case any time soon. ",1
9604,Speaker Ryan says he would step down as Republican convention chair if Trump asks: report,"(Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Monday he would step down as chairman of the Republican Party’s July convention if presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump asked him to do so, a Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reporter said on Twitter. “.@SpeakerRyan on whether he’d step down as convention chair if Trump asks: I’ll do whatever he asks me to do,” Christian Schneider, one of the newspaper’s columnists, tweeted. Ryan also said in the interview he is steadfastly opposed to a third-party candidate, even if it were 2012 party nominee Mitt Romney, Schneider said in another tweet. ",1
9605,Bid to stop heavy water purchase from Iran blocked in U.S. Senate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democrats defeated a Republican effort to undercut the Iran nuclear agreement on Wednesday by blocking an amendment to a spending bill that would have stopped the Obama administration from buying heavy water from Tehran. The amendment to an energy spending bill offered by Republican Senator Tom Cotton received 57 yes votes and 42 no votes. It had needed 60 yes votes to advance in the 100-member Senate. Cotton withdrew his amendment after the vote and the Senate is expected to vote later on a version of the spending bill without it. The measure would have barred the use of U.S. government funds to purchase heavy water, which is non-radioactive and used in nuclear reactors and for making nuclear weapons. Under last year’s nuclear deal between Iran, the United States and five other world powers, Tehran is responsible for reducing its stock of the substance, which it can sell, dilute or dispose of, under certain conditions.  President Barack Obama’s administration had warned Congress that it strongly opposed any move to prevent the planned purchase of $8.6 million-worth of heavy water from Iran. Senate Democrats and a handful of Republicans had also banded together in late April to block the Cotton amendment, and hence the spending bill. The dust-up had put a crimp in Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s plans to pass bipartisan appropriations bills to keep the federal government functioning beyond Sept. 30, the end of the government’s fiscal year. ",1
9606,Clinton loses to Sanders in coal state of West Virginia,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders defeated Hillary Clinton on Tuesday in West Virginia’s primary, winning over voters deeply skeptical about the economy and signaling the difficulty Clinton may have in industrial states in the general election. The loss slows Clinton’s march to the nomination, but she is still heavily favored to become the Democratic candidate in the Nov. 8 election. In a November match-up with Donald Trump, Clinton will need to win over working-class voters in the U.S. Rust Belt, which includes key states such as Ohio and Pennsylvania. Trump, 69, won contests in West Virginia and Nebraska handily on Tuesday. The presumptive Republican nominee is set to meet with party leaders in the U.S. Congress on Thursday, including U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan. After Ryan said last week that he was not yet ready to endorse Trump, Trump said on Sunday that he would have to decide whether he still wanted Ryan to preside over the party’s July convention. Trump said in a Fox interview on Tuesday night that he would like Ryan to chair the convention as planned. “He’s a very good man, he wants what’s good for the party,” the New York billionaire said. Trump has zeroed in on Clinton’s protracted battle with Sanders, a 74-year-old U.S. senator from Vermont. He has taunted Clinton in recent days by saying she “can’t close the deal” by beating Sanders, her only rival for the Democratic Party’s nomination since Feb. 1. Clinton, 68, has said she will ignore Trump’s personal insults, including his repeated use of his new nickname for her, “Crooked Hillary,” and instead will criticize his policy pronouncements. Deep concerns about the economy underscored West Virginia’s Democratic primary. Roughly six in 10 voters said they were very worried about the direction of the U.S. economy in the next few years. The same proportion cited the economy and jobs was their most important voting issue, according to a preliminary ABC News exit poll. A remark Clinton made at an Ohio town hall in March that the country would “put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business” at an Ohio town hall in a comment may have hurt her with voters in coal-mining states such as West Virginia. During Clinton’s visit to West Virginia and Ohio last week she repeatedly apologized to displaced coal and steel workers for her comment, which she said had been taken out of context, and discussed her plan to help retrain coal workers for clean energy jobs. To secure the Democratic nomination, a candidate needs 2,383 delegates. Going into West Virginia, Clinton, a former U.S. secretary of state, had 2,228 delegates, including 523 so-called superdelegates, elite party members who are free to support any candidate. Sanders had 1,454 delegates, including 39 superdelegates. Another 29 delegates will be apportioned based on West Virginia’s results. Clinton and Sanders will compete in another primary contest on May 17. Both candidates are also looking ahead to the June 7 contests, the last in the long nominating season, in which nearly 700 delegates are at stake, including 475 in California, where Sanders is now focusing his efforts. Sanders has vowed to take his campaign all the way to the Democrats’ July 25-28 convention in Philadelphia, and wants a say in shaping the party’s platform.  Sanders has repeatedly told supporters at packed rallies that most opinion polls indicate he would beat Trump in a general election match-up by a larger margin than polls show Clinton defeating Trump. Trump, shifting into general election mode, has already begun to consider running mates. He told Fox on Tuesday night that he has narrowed his list to five people. He did not rule out picking New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a former rival who ended his presidential bid in February. Christie, who endorsed Trump and then campaigned for him, on Monday was named to head Trump’s White House transition team.  (Story refiles to add first name of Republican candidate Donald Trump in second paragraph.)  ",1
9607,Trump says he would like Speaker Ryan to chair Republican convention: Fox,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump, the presumptive U.S. Republican presidential nominee, said on Tuesday he would like House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan to chair the party’s July convention, Fox News Channel reported. “He is a very good man. He wants what’s good for the party and I think we’re going to have very positive results. I’d love frankly for him to stay and be chairman,” Trump said of Ryan in an interview with Fox, according to excerpts released by the television channel. ",1
9608,"Trump to offer views on law and order, judges in speeches: NYT","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican U.S. presidential nominee Donald Trump will present his views on law and order and the judiciary in separate policy speeches in coming weeks, the New York Times reported on Wednesday. Trump’s speech on judges is planned in part to respond to unease among some conservatives that the billionaire real estate developer can be trusted with Supreme Court appointments, the Times said. Senate Republicans have blocked President Barack Obama’s nomination of centrist appellate judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court to replace conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February. With the ideological balance of the court at stake, the Republicans have said they want Obama’s successor to fill the court’s vacancy, hoping their party wins the White House. Representatives for Trump’s campaign could not be immediately reached to confirm the speeches. Trump last week said he would consider “wonderful, conservative, good, solid, brilliant judges in the form of” Scalia to nominate to the Supreme Court, and plans to offer a list of potential nominees by July.  Meanwhile, Trump told Fox News on Wednesday he was considering tapping former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani to lead a commission to study his proposed temporary ban on Muslims entering in the United States. “We’ll figure it out and we will get it going, but we have to be extremely careful,” Trump said. His campaign acknowledged this month that Trump is planning several policy speeches following his address last month explaining his foreign policy views. Trump offered few details in that April 27 speech in Washington but repeatedly vowed to put America first. Trump effectively clinched the Republican Party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election last week. His planned remarks on law and order may offer more details on his views on issues including freedom of speech and police use of force. His large and raucous rallies often have drawn protesters and on occasion have been marred by violence. Trump has called protesters “thugs” and expressed regret that he and police officers could not respond to them more aggressively. Trump has called for increased law enforcement surveillance of mosques in the United States and has said he would use an executive order to impose the death penalty for anyone who killed a police officer. Nineteen states do not allow the death penalty under state law. He has endorsed the use of waterboarding, a form of simulated drowning, and “a lot more” on terrorism suspects. Critics call waterboarding torture. Obama, a Democrat, banned its use days after taking office in 2009. ",1
9609,"Cruz returns to Washington, warns of 'volcanic anger'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz returned to his job in the U.S. Senate on Tuesday with a warning to Washington that the turbulent primary race was a wake-up call. “All across this country people are hungry for change. This election cycle should be a wake-up call to Washington, D.C.,” the senator from Texas said outside his office. “The frustration and volcanic anger with Washington was echoed throughout this election.” Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and Democratic U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders have upended expectations in their respective presidential campaigns, tapping into voter anger at establishment politicians in Washington. Cruz, a favorite of the conservative Tea Party movement, also tried to position himself as an outsider.  However, he dropped out of the Republican race a week ago after a crushing loss in Indiana and a brutal campaign in which Trump attacked Cruz’s wife and father and constantly derided the senator as “Lyin’ Ted.” Cruz ruled out a third-party candidacy, and said the democratic process had run its course. Earlier on Tuesday, Cruz welcomed the idea of tossing his hat back into the ring in a lighthearted exchange with a staunch supporter, conservative radio host Glenn Beck.  Beck, who campaigned heavily for Cruz in the senator’s quest for the Republican nomination, asked the 45-year-old Texan whether he would consider getting back into the race if he won Nebraska’s primary on Tuesday. “I am not holding my breath,” Cruz said to laughter on Beck’s show on TheBlaze Radio Network. “My assumption is that that will not happen. ... The reason we suspended the race last week is with Indiana’s loss I didn’t see a viable path to victory.”  “If that changes, we will certainly respond accordingly.” Trump’s victory in Indiana last Tuesday pushed Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich out of the Republican race and put the brakes on the “Stop Trump” movements sparked by his unorthodox candidacy.  Trump campaign adviser Sam Clovis dismissed the possibility of Cruz re-entering the race as highly unlikely. “I think if Ted has a future in Republican politics in this country, I think he’ll want to preserve that,” Clovis told CNN. Cruz may be hoping to put his conservative imprint on the party’s July 18-21 national convention in Cleveland. On Monday, he said he would not release delegates he had won in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas, according to news reports.  Trump needs 1,237 delegates, a majority of the delegates at the convention, to clinch the nomination on the first ballot, and it is not guaranteed he will win them in the remaining nominating contests. Asked if he would endorse Trump, Cruz said every voter needs to make their own choice and they do not need to make it now. “The Republican convention isn’t for another two-and-a-half months; the election isn’t for another six months,” the senator said. “I think we need to watch and see what the candidates say and do.” ",1
9610,Trump says he has narrowed potential running mate picks to five or six: AP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said he had narrowed his potential vice presidential choices to five or six experienced politicians, the Associated Press reported on Tuesday. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, told AP in an interview that he had not ruled out New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a former rival now supporting Trump’s bid for the White House. “I have a list of people that I would like,” Trump was quoted as saying, adding he wanted his running mate to have political experience to help him “with legislation, getting things through” Washington if he wins the Nov. 8 presidential election. The New York billionaire businessman also said choosing someone who previously held elected office would make it easier to do background checks, in part because that person would have already been checked out by voters, the news media and to some extent, the government, according to the AP. “For the most part, they’ve been vetted over the last 20 years,” it quoted him as saying.  Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, is heading up the vetting effort, a campaign aide said on Tuesday. The vetting group includes former rival Ben Carson and Trump himself, the AP quoted the billionaire businessman as saying. ",1
9611,"Obama to visit Hiroshima, will not apologize for World War Two bombing","WASHINGTON/TOKYO (Reuters) - Barack Obama will become the first U.S. president to visit Hiroshima in Japan later this month, but he will not apologize for the United States’ dropping of an atomic bomb on the city at the end of World War Two, the White House said on Tuesday. Awarded the Nobel Peace Prize early in his presidency in 2009 in part for making nuclear nonproliferation a centerpiece of his agenda, Obama on May 27 will tour the site of the world’s first nuclear bombing with Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.  With the end of his last term in office approaching in January, Obama will “highlight his continued commitment to pursuing the peace and security of a world without nuclear weapons,” the White House said in a statement. “He will not revisit the decision to use the atomic bomb at the end of World War II. Instead, he will offer a forward-looking vision focused on our shared future,” Ben Rhodes, Obama’s deputy national security adviser, wrote in a separate blog. The visit comes as part of a May 21-28 swing through Asia, which will include a Group of Seven summit in Japan and his first trip to Vietnam. The Asia trip seeks to reinforce his geopolitical “pivot” toward the region, though friends and allies there have sometimes questioned Washington’s commitment. The Hiroshima tour will symbolize a new level of reconciliation between former wartime enemies who are now close allies. It will also underscore Obama’s efforts to improve U.S.-Japan ties, marked by an Asia-Pacific trade pact as well as cooperation against China’s pursuit of maritime claims and the nuclear threat from North Korea. On the final day of the summit in Japan, Obama and Abe will visit the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park near the spot where a U.S. warplane dropped an atomic bomb 71 years ago. The decision to go to Hiroshima was hotly debated within the White House. There were concerns a U.S. presidential visit would be heavily criticized in the United States if it were seen as an apology. The bomb dropped on Aug. 6, 1945 killed thousands of people instantly and about 140,000 by the end of that year. Another was dropped on Nagasaki on Aug. 9, and Japan surrendered six days later. The majority of Americans view the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki as justified to end the war and save U.S lives. Most Japanese see it as unjustified. Obama’s press secretary Josh Earnest said it was “an entirely legitimate line of inquiry for historians” when asked why the White House had decided not to use his Hiroshima visit to issue an apology. He told reporters that while Obama understands the United States “bears a special responsibility” as the only country to use nuclear weapons in wartime, the president will emphasize Washington’s responsibility “to lead the world in an effort to eliminate them.” Abe, speaking to reporters in Tokyo, said he hoped “to turn this into an opportunity for the U.S. and Japan to together pay tribute to the memories of the victims” of the nuclear bombing.  “President Obama visiting Hiroshima and expressing toward the world the reality of the impact of nuclear radiation will contribute greatly to establishing a world without nuclear arms,” Abe added. Obama’s visit will be a symbolic capstone for the nuclear disarmament agenda he laid out in a landmark speech in Prague in 2009. His aides tout last year’s Iran nuclear deal as a major piece of his foreign policy legacy. But Obama has made only modest progress toward securing the world’s loose nuclear materials, and there is no guarantee his White House successor will keep the issue a high priority. Lisbeth Gronlund, co-director of the Union of Concerned Scientists’ Global Security Program, said Obama must “do more  than give another beautiful speech” and should announce concrete action on nuclear disarmament when he visits Hiroshima. After U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry visited Hiroshima last month, survivors of the bombing and other residents said that if Obama visits, they hope for progress in ridding the world of nuclear weapons, rather than an apology. ",1
9612,London's mayor an exception to proposed ban on Muslims: Trump,"WASHINGTON/LONDON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, who has called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, suggested he would make an exception for London’s newly elected Muslim mayor, the New York Times reported. However, Sadiq Khan who was sworn in as mayor of the British capital on Saturday, dismissed Trump’s response, saying the real estate billionaire and presumptive Republican nominee had an “ignorant view of Islam”. “There will always be exceptions,” the Times on Monday quoted Trump as saying when asked how his controversial proposal would apply to Khan, the son of a Pakistani immigrant bus driver and a seamstress. Trump said he was happy to see Khan elected, the Times reported, adding: “You lead by example, always lead by example. If he does a good job ... that would be a terrific thing.” Trump put forth the idea of the ban after deadly attacks by Islamist militants in Paris and California last year. Muslim and human rights groups, Trump’s Democratic rivals and many of his Republican presidential opponents condemned the proposal as divisive, counter-productive and contrary to American values. Khan said Trump’s view risked alienating mainstream Muslims and played into the hands of extremists, making both Britain and the United States less secure. “This isn’t just about me - it’s about my friends, my family and everyone who comes from a background similar to mine, anywhere in the world,” he said in a statement on Tuesday. “Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam - London has proved him wrong.” Khan, 45, a candidate from the opposition Labour Party, defeated his Conservative rival by a record margin last week to secure the biggest individual mandate in British political history after an acrimonious campaign. After his victory, he accused his opponents of using fear and innuendo about his alleged links to extremists to turn ethnic and religious groups against each other, which he described as “something straight out of the Donald Trump playbook”. In an interview with Time magazine, Khan said he wanted to go to the United States to see the interesting programmes the mayors of New York and Chicago were implementing, but that he would have to visit before January in case Trump won the Nov. 8 election. ",1
9613,Former Illinois congressman requests to plead guilty in tax case,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Mel Reynolds, a former U.S. congressman from Illinois who has had numerous legal troubles, wants to plead guilty to federal income tax charges, he told a judge in a handwritten letter made public on Tuesday. “I request to come to court at the earliest time possible to enter my plea of guilty,” he wrote on notebook paper to U.S. District Judge John Darrah. The letter was written last week and entered in the court’s on-line filings on Tuesday.  Reynolds, 64, is being held at a detention center in Kankakee, Illinois. He said he has no choice but to plead guilty because he has been unable to prepare for his case because he has been in solitary confinement due to death threats.  Reynolds is representing himself after firing his lawyer in April. His next court date is a status hearing scheduled for May 19, and his trial is scheduled to begin June 20.  Joseph Fitzpatrick, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, declined to comment on the court filing. Reynolds was arrested by U.S. marshals last month at an Atlanta airport for violating the conditions of his pretrial release after he arrived from South Africa. Reynolds pleaded not guilty in July to misdemeanor charges of failing to file income tax returns for 2009 through 2012. He was indicted in June and faces up to a year in prison and a $250,000 fine for each of the four counts against him. A Rhodes scholar and one-time promising star of the Democratic Party, Reynolds was first elected to Congress in 1992. In August of 1994, he was indicted for having a relationship with a 16-year-old campaign worker but was re-elected in 1994 in his Chicago district without opposition. The case ended with a conviction on sexual assault and child pornography charges in 1995 and Reynolds resigned. Before his scheduled release from prison in 1997, Reynolds was convicted of bank fraud and misusing campaign funds for personal use and sentenced to serve additional time. He was released in 2001. Reynolds tried politics again but in 2013 lost a bid for the U.S. House of Representatives seat of Jesse Jackson Jr., who had resigned before pleading guilty to fraud charges. ",1
9614,"Pennsylvania state senator, Democratic official charged in vote-buying scheme","(Reuters) - A Pennsylvania state Senator and a Democratic Party official were charged in a federal indictment for their involvement in a bribery and fraud scheme related to a 2011 election for a Democratic ward leader in Philadelphia, the Justice Department said on Tuesday. Lawrence “Larry” Farnese, 47, and Ellen Chapman, 62, both of Philadelphia, were charged with conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud and violations of the Travel Act, the Justice Department said in a statement. Farnese was a state senator at the time of the alleged illegal conduct. ",1
9615,White House prods Senate on Garland amid Republican blockade,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House pressed forward on Tuesday with its uphill battle to win Senate confirmation of President Barack Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, providing senators Merrick Garland’s voluminous responses to questions about his background. The 141 pages of answers to standard questions posed to U.S. Supreme Court nominees, plus another 2,066 pages of appendices, filled six boxes that were wheeled into the U.S. Capitol building for reporters to see. “Now that we have this, let’s have some confirmation hearings. We have never in my lifetime had a time when there’s been a nominee for Supreme Court justice (that) they haven’t been offered a hearing,” said Senator Patrick Leahy, the 76-year-old top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee. Senate Republicans have blocked consideration of Garland, the centrist federal appeals court judge nominated by the Democratic president in March, saying Obama’s successor should fill the court’s vacancy left by the February death of Justice Antonin Scalia. White House spokesman Josh Earnest called the questionnaire provided to the Senate “an exhaustive picture of Judge Garland’s distinguished career and impeccable credentials.”  The questionnaire has become a tradition for Supreme Court nominees as part of the confirmation process. The process is anything but traditional this time around because of the Republican blockade, but at least three Judiciary Committee Republicans said they would read through Garland’s material. One of them, Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, said if Democrat Hillary Clinton wins the presidency on Nov. 8, the Senate should confirm Garland during a post-election legislative session before she takes office in January. While Flake said a “conservative jurist” should replace Scalia, Garland could be a better alternative than a potentially more liberal nominee from Clinton. Billionaire businessman Donald Trump is the presumptive Republican presidential nominee. “Most of us (Senate Republicans) believe Trump would appoint somebody more conservative than Hillary would,” Flake said, adding, “I’d like to be more sure of that.” Some Republicans are not sold on Trump’s conservative credentials. Garland’s material provided insights into what the 63-year-old judge views as his career highlights. Garland cited a 2008 ruling he authored backing a Chinese Uighur detained at the Guantanamo Bay prison, and a 2015 ruling in which his appeals court upheld a long-standing ban on U.S. government contractors making campaign contributions in federal elections. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid, asked whether the White House should withdraw Garland’s nomination if Clinton wins, allowing her to make her own pick, responded: “I think he’d be a great addition to the court. He’s a consensus nominee. And I am a Garland man.” ",1
9616,New Jersey judge orders naming of Bridgegate scandal co-conspirators,"(Reuters) - A federal judge in New Jersey on Tuesday ordered the release of a list of unindicted co-conspirators in the criminal case against two former allies of Republican Governor Chris Christie in a 2013 scandal involving lane closures on the George Washington Bridge. U.S. District Judge Susan Wigenton in Newark ruled in favor of several media organizations that sought the list, saying the public interest in seeing names linked to “Bridgegate” outweighed the privacy interests of those named. U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman had opposed the release, citing the potential harm to reputations and privacy, and saying the co-conspirator designation “will become relevant, if at all” only at trial. A spokesman for Fishman declined to comment. Last May, Fishman’s office unveiled criminal charges against Bridget Kelly, a former Christie deputy chief of staff, and Bill Baroni, a former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. The defendants were accused of wire fraud and civil rights deprivation for arranging the September 2013 shutdown of bridge access lanes in Fort Lee, New Jersey, allegedly to punish the Democratic mayor there for not endorsing Christie’s successful reelection bid. The closures snarled traffic for several days, causing big delays for drivers and hurting local businesses. Kelly and Baroni have pleaded not guilty. David Wildstein, another former Port Authority official, pleaded guilty to two conspiracy charges. Christie has not been charged, and has denied involvement in wrongdoing. In her decision, Wigenton said the scandal has received such extensive media coverage that “very little” remained private. She also called it likely that anyone on the list would be a public employee, or an elected or appointed official. “Although privacy for third-parties is indeed important, this court is satisfied that the privacy interests of uncharged third parties are insufficiently compelling to outweigh the public’s right of access,” she wrote. Bruce Rosen, a lawyer for the media companies, on Tuesday asked the judge for the “immediate” release of the list. Christie made an unsuccessful run for the White House this year. He was chosen on Monday to lead the White House transition team for Donald Trump, the only candidate left in the race to be the Republican candidate in the Nov. 8 presidential election. ",1
9617,"Sanders plan raises incomes but also U.S. deficits, analysts say","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders’ tax and benefit plans would raise income for most Americans but his proposal for single-payer healthcare would help generate record federal deficits, two Washington think tanks said on Monday.  An analysis by the Tax Policy Center said that although most people would pay higher taxes under Sanders’ plan, the average household income would increase by nearly $4,300 in 2017 after his proposed benefits were factored in.  Those benefits include an expansion of the Social Security government pension plan, paid family leave and free tuition at public colleges, ideas that have generated support for Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, as he seeks to become the Democratic nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election.  Only the wealthiest 5 percent of households would end up paying more in new taxes than they got back in benefits, according to the center, a joint effort run by two Washington-based think tanks, the Urban Institute and the Brookings Institution. But Sanders’ plans would also increase federal deficits to “unprecedented levels,” the center said, relying largely on a new estimate of the cost of his healthcare proposals published on Monday in a separate analysis by the Urban Institute.  Sanders has proposed a single-payer healthcare system, a more significant overhaul than the tweaks that Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton wants to make to the Affordable Care Act, a signature policy achievement of Democratic President Barack Obama. The Urban Institute estimated Sanders’ healthcare plan would require an increase in federal spending of $32 trillion over the next decade but that new revenue sources proposed by Sanders only covered just under half of that amount.  The overall result would be an increase in annual federal budget deficits by $18 trillion over the next decade, the Tax Policy Center said.  Warren Gunnels, Sanders’ policy director, called the new cost estimate “wildly” overestimated in a statement on Monday. He said the analyses were wrong to assume that state and local governments would stop their own spending on healthcare, thereby shifting $4.1 trillion in costs to the federal government.  Gunnels said the reports also underestimated what the Sanders campaign forecast would be trillions of dollars in savings in administration, paperwork and drug prices seen in other Western countries with single-payer systems. The Sanders campaign has estimated that his proposed healthcare system would save more than $6 trillion over the next 10 years, compared with the current system. ",1
9618,Commentary: Party leaders often disliked their nominee. It’s the public vitriol that’s new.,"GOP leaders have unleashed a stunning level of vitriol against their party’s most successful presidential candidate.  House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), emphatically declared last week that he was not ready to endorse Donald Trump, his party’s presumptive presidential nominee. This move was unprecedented in modern American history. Trump’s response was that Ryan may need to be replaced as head of the Republican National Convention.  Ryan’s rebuke reminds Americans that Trump is deeply unpopular, particularly among a significant number of powerful Republicans. Former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney belittled the GOP’s new leader as a moral cretin unfit to be the standard bearer. Former President George W. Bush and his father, President George H.W. Bush, both say they are not attending the GOP convention in Cleveland.  Such attacks, however, are nothing new.  Political elders have lambasted their party’s leading presidential contenders throughout U.S. history. The big difference now is that this battle is playing out in public. In the past, attacks were largely in party backrooms, behind closed doors.  To be sure, some serious breaks have been acted out in public. With dire results. President Theodore Roosevelt, for example, realized in 1912 that his progressive agenda was being abandoned by his chosen successor, William Howard Taft. TR challenged Taft in the Republican primaries. “We stand at Armageddon,” Roosevelt thundered at the convention, “and we battle for the Lord!”  When Taft prevailed, Roosevelt bolted the party. He ran as a third-party candidate in 1912 on a Progressive Party ticket. Ultimately, the Democratic nominee, Woodrow Wilson, won.  In most other cases, however, the internecine bloodletting took place in private, preserving the appearance of party unity and making it easier to heal any rifts.  The 1944 Republican nominee Thomas Dewey ignored former President Herbert Hoover at an important state funeral that October and drew the national leader’s ire. “Dewey has no inner reservoir of knowledge on which to draw for his thinking.” Hoover sneered to a friend. “A man couldn’t wear a mustache like that without having it affect his mind.”  Hoover, though, sought to keep his beliefs private  Former presidents have kept mum even when they see a nominee as a threat to their legacy. In 1964, for example, former President Dwight D. Eisenhower didn’t have much regard for Senator Barry Goldwater. The conservative firebrand had repudiated Eisenhower’s presidency as a “dime-store New Deal.” Nonetheless, Eisenhower gave only halting support to the party’s anti-Goldwater forces. Despite Eisenhower’s contempt, the Arizonan became the Republican nominee, only to lose in a landslide to President Lyndon B. Johnson.  Four years earlier, the Democratic power brokers were not as reticent. They viewed Senator John F. Kennedy, their party’s leading candidate in 1960, as too conservative and inexperienced. They disliked the campaign role of Joseph Kennedy, JFK’s father, and his controversial past. In addition, party leaders worried that JFK could not win national office because he was a Catholic.  During the primaries, Truman, the titular head of the party, told a TV news conference that a nominee should have “the greatest possible maturity and experience” -- a clear dig at JFK’s relative youth. The former president beseeched his party to hold a brokered convention and find a way to avoid nominating Kennedy. Eventually, however, Truman endorsed Kennedy in the general election, reasoning that GOP nominee Richard M. Nixon was worse  Adlai Stevenson, the Democratic nominee in 1952 and 1956, also refused to back Kennedy during the primary. Even Kennedy’s promise to name Stevenson as secretary of state could not persuade him.  Still, most of the party elders’ scathing criticism against JFK was confined to backroom conversations. Senate Majority Leader Lyndon B. Johnson, who also wanted the nomination, privately mocked Kennedy as “a scrawny little fellow with rickets.” Johnson urged Eisenhower to oppose Kennedy during the primary contest, calling him “a [Senate] nobody” and “a dangerous man.”  But Johnson’s efforts to stop Kennedy were not aired before the country in real time. In fact, 1960 demonstrated how the Democratic elders were able to prevent serious rifts from destroying their party’s chances. After securing the nomination, JFK offered — and LBJ accepted — the second slot on the ticket.  The resentment of party elders toward party nominees was often rooted in a sense that the candidate was repudiating a mentor’s record. In the 1960 GOP presidential race, for example, Eisenhower resented Vice President Nixon’s implication that he would offer more robust leadership. Close to Election Day, Ike was asked to name an instance when Nixon’s advice influenced a presidential decision. “If you give me a week,” Eisenhower replied, “I might think of one.”  In the reverse situation, Vice President Al Gore sought to distance himself from President Bill Clinton during the 2000 presidential campaign. Gore declared in his announcement that he would provide “moral leadership” and defend the American family — not-so-subtle knocks against Clinton’s sexual relationship with a White House intern, Monica Lewinsky. The bitterness between the two men festered and Gore never asked Clinton to campaign with him. After Gore lost to George W. Bush, Clinton upbraided his former vice president for running a lame, visionless campaign.  The current spectacle — in which former Senator Bob Dole will likely be the only past Republican presidential nominee to come to the convention and endorse the party’s standard bearer — is partly a function of Trump’s scorched-earth multi-media campaign. His attacks have been leveled personally, in real-time, via Twitter and cable news. Wounds are deeper, and could be harder to heal.  Trump’s presidential primary campaign is the apotheosis of the anti-Washington mood that has gripped presidential politics since Jimmy Carter’s 1976 White House run. One reason Trump vanquished his foes was because he ran against the GOP’s leadership as out-of-touch and inept.  This played out even as party elders have less power to shape national tickets — and outsiders more ability to tear down anything that smacks of Washington politics-as-usual.  Republican-on-Republican hits on Trump and his main rival, Ted Cruz, have contributed to the fraying of the GOP. The anti-Trump former presidents, as well as current and former party chairmen and congressional leaders, have much at stake. They are fighting for, as they see it, their legacies, their party’s future, their professional identities — and their own power.  In recent decades, party elders have been clinging to an increasingly tenuous position. Think former Majority Leader Eric Cantor, who lost a primary election, as Sarah Palin recently noted. Or former House Speaker John Boehner, who was unable to control his party’s Tea Party wing. Boehner is still so incensed that he called Senator Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) “Lucifer in the flesh.” As we are seeing now with Ryan, Trump’s ferocious public attacks could yet come back to haunt him. Unlike so many past presidential primaries, this rift might prove irreparable.  ",1
9619,Campaign chief to oversee Trump U.S. vice presidential search,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, will oversee the presumptive Republican U.S. presidential nominee’s search for a running mate, a campaign aide said on Tuesday. Lewandowski last week took over the vice presidential selection process and is drawing up a list of potential candidates and speaking with Republican Party figures, two top Republicans told the Washington Post, which first reported the move. The two Republicans said they expected lawyers or a law firm to help vet Trump’s short list of candidates, the Post reported. The Trump campaign aide, speaking on condition of anonymity, confirmed that Lewandowski is leading the effort but would not elaborate. Trump has said he is considering some of his former rivals for the Republican nomination. But some already have ruled themselves out or declared they will not support the billionaire businessman. One of those was U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who on Monday sought to quash speculation he might emerge as the running mate, saying he still has deep reservations about Trump. Trump has bristled at Republicans who publicly have taken themselves out of the running. The day after Rubio’s announcement, Trump wrote in a Twitter post, “It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.” Trump has said he plans to select a Republican with political experience as his choice for vice president. Lewandowski has been part of Trump’s inner circle since the beginning of his candidacy. Other Trump senior advisers, including Paul Manafort and Rick Wiley, will concentrate on the campaign’s national field operation and planning for the Republican National Convention in July, the Post said. Lewandowski has generated controversy during Trump’s campaign for president. He was hit in March with a misdemeanor battery charge relating to an incident involving a female reporter, but prosecutors in Florida’s Palm Beach County last month decided not to prosecute Lewandowski. ",1
9620,House to introduce Puerto Rico crisis bill on Wednesday: Rep. Bishop,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives’ Natural Resources Committee said on Monday legislation to address Puerto Rico’s growing debt and humanitarian crisis will be introduced for discussion on Wednesday, with a committee vote a week later. Earlier attempts at introducing a bill out of the committee failed to gain enough attention or understanding among lawmakers, prompting its chairman, Rep. Rob Bishop, a Utah Republican, to delay and rework the bill. The basic premise of installing an independent oversight board to lead the restructuring of the U.S. commonwealth’s credit and work with the local government to develop an economic reform plan remains in place. “What we are seeing in Puerto Rico is if you push it off, the situation gets worse, the debt gets worse, the humanitarian crisis gets worse. If you don’t want a bailout and you put it off long enough, you probably will be forced into a position of being in a bailout and I’m not going to vote for that,” Bishop said. Puerto Rico has already defaulted on some of its debt and faces an overall bill of $70 billion it cannot pay. A staggering 45 percent poverty rate and increased migration of citizens to the U.S. mainland drains economic activity. Bishop said the changes to the bill were relatively small and that the U.S. Treasury has been “marvelous” to work with in developing the plan. “Obviously the relationship between the Obama administration and this Congress has not been warm and fuzzy. So this is unusual in the amount of help they have given us,” Bishop said, adding: “At the same time I want it finished. I want them to actually sign off and in some of the small areas, I think they have been dragging their feet.” U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew visited a Puerto Rican school and hospital on Monday where teachers, nurses and doctors described and showed dire conditions due to the lack of funding. Lew later told reporters he had not seen the latest language in the draft bill, but that the Treasury has provided technical advice. He said it was up to the committee to decide when to release the legislation. “I hope Congress does not, as it sometimes does, try to find that last possible moment and miss it,” Lew said. Puerto Rico defaulted on May 1 for a third time on some of its debt, missing a roughly $400 million payment owed by the Government Development Bank, the island’s main fiscal agent. However, some of the GDB’s major creditors are forgoing lawsuits for at least a month after reaching a tentative restructuring deal with the bank. “If we don’t get a bill passed, then lawsuits are going to be coming fast and furiously,” Bishop said. The May 1 default and the nearly $2 billion July 1 debt payments have spurred congressional activity. “The goal being that everyone eventually gets paid. And who is first in the line is maybe not as important as the fact that at the end of the day everyone has the chance to be treated fairly and will get their investment back,” Bishop said. Lew, in his remarks, added that the bill will have to take into account many stakeholders, not just bondholders. “The interests of retirees on the island have to be balanced, not treated necessarily equally, but balanced,” Lew said, adding that television advertisements calling the legislation a bailout “crossed the line and are deceptive.” Puerto Rico’s government has said it has not asked for a taxpayer-led bailout, nor has one been offered. While the legislation will include bankruptcy language, it is not a stealthy way around a prohibition for Puerto Rico to use the U.S. bankruptcy code to restructure its debt, Bishop said. “We are putting this language in the code that deals specifically with the territories. So everything we do has got to have that firewall between that which will have an impact on the states versus what is there in the territory.” ",1
9621,Trump retreats on comments on raising taxes on the wealthy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump backtracked on Monday on his remarks about raising taxes on wealthy Americans, saying the rich might simply get a smaller tax cut than he originally proposed. Trump walked away from his Sunday comment that taxes on the wealthy would “go up” once his broad tax policy proposals, which include tax cuts for rich Americans, were negotiated with Congress. That appeared to be a break with traditional Republican support for lower taxes in all income brackets. On Monday, Trump said he did not mean to imply he was willing to raise taxes for people in higher-income brackets from their current level, but was referring to potential adjustments to his own tax policy proposal. “I may have to increase it on the wealthy - I’m not going to allow it to be increased on the middle class,” Trump said on CNN. “Now, if I increase it on the wealthy, that means they’re still going to be paying less than they are paying now. I’m talking about increasing it from my (original) tax proposal.” The proposal, released in September, included broad tax breaks for businesses and households, with the highest income tax rate cut to 25 percent from the current 39.6 percent. Trump, a billionaire real estate developer, said on Monday that lowering taxes on the middle class and businesses was his priority. “I’m not talking about a tax increase. I’m talking about a tremendous tax decrease, OK?” Trump said on the Fox Business Network. He said proposals always changed in negotiations with Congress but that he was committed to cutting taxes. The contradictory statements came as Trump began pivoting to a general election race against likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Trump effectively clinched the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election last week after his last two rivals dropped out of the race. Douglas Holtz-Eakin, a former Bush administration official who also advised Republican John McCain during his failed 2008 presidential run, said Trump was trying to make his economic plans add up. “He’s gone from wildly unrealistic to impenetrable” on the subject of taxes, Holtz-Eakin said, adding that Trump’s comments about the outcome of possible negotiations with Congress “makes me confused as to what he really wants.” Trump did win support from influential anti-tax crusader Grover Norquist, who said on CNBC on Monday that some people with a lot of tax credits might see some increase, but that rates would drop overall under Trump’s plan. “He’s made it very clear he wants lower taxes,” Norquist said. “Trump’s tax cut would be a tax cut for every American.” Norquist’s group, Americans for Tax Reform, asks all Republican candidates to sign a no-new-taxes pledge, but Trump has not signed one yet. Norquist said he was confident the candidate would sign, given his public comments. The Clinton campaign was happy to take Trump at his word that he planned to cut wealthy Americans’ taxes. It cited an analysis of Trump’s proposal by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center estimating it would give the wealthiest Americans an average annual boost of more than $1.3 million a year. “This is a tax plan by the billionaire for the billionaires,” Clinton adviser Jake Sullivan said. “And after some confusing comments over the weekend, he actually doubled down today on the fact that his tax plan would have massive cuts for the wealthy. Who knows what he’ll say tomorrow?” Trump also sought on Monday to clarify comments he made last week about the U.S. debt. He said he never espoused restructuring or defaulting on government debt but would buy it back at a discount if interest rates go up. “He should stop talking about the debt because he hasn’t said anything that makes any sense yet,” Holtz-Eakin said. Trump’s candidacy has opened a rift in the Republican Party, with many leaders appalled by his rhetoric on immigrants, Muslims and women and concerned that some policy positions such as his opposition to free trade run counter to Republican orthodoxy. U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who said last week he was not yet ready to endorse Trump, said on Monday he would step down as co-chairman of the July 18-21 Republican National Convention if Trump wants him to. Trump on Sunday did not rule out pushing Ryan out from the speaker’s traditional role as convention chairman. Ryan and Trump will meet on Thursday to try to iron out their differences. Later on Thursday, the candidate will meet with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and other members of the Senate Republican leadership, a Senate Republican aide said on Monday. Trump said on Monday that New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a former presidential rival who endorsed his candidacy shortly after dropping out of the race, would lead his White House transition team. Republican U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, another vanquished presidential rival, sought on Monday to quash speculation he might emerge as the vice presidential running mate for Trump, saying he still had deep reservations about the former reality television star. ",1
9622,U.S. government and North Carolina escalate legal fight over transgender law,"WASHINGTON/WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - A fight between the Obama administration and North Carolina over a state law limiting public bathroom access for transgender people escalated on Monday as both sides sued each other, trading accusations of civil rights violations and government overreach. The U.S. Justice Department’s complaint asked a federal district court in North Carolina to declare that the state is violating the 1964 Civil Rights Act and order it to stop enforcing the ban. Hours earlier, North Carolina’s Republican governor, Pat McCrory, and the state’s secretary of public safety sued the agency in a different federal court in North Carolina, accusing it of “baseless and blatant overreach.” The so-called bathroom law, passed in March and known as HB 2, prohibits people from using public restrooms not corresponding to their biological sex. It has thrust North Carolina into the center of a national debate over equality and privacy, and has now led the state into what could be a long and costly legal battle with the U.S. government. Americans are divided over how public restrooms should be used by transgender people, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll, with 44 percent saying people should use them according to their biological sex and 39 percent saying they should be used according to the gender with which they identify.       By passing the law, North Carolina became the first state in the country to ban people from using multiple occupancy restrooms or changing rooms in public buildings and schools that do not match the sex on their birth certificate. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Monday the department “retains the option” of curtailing federal funding to North Carolina unless it backs down. “None of us can stand by when a state enters the business of legislating identity and insists that a person pretend to be something or someone that they are not,” Lynch said at a news conference, comparing the measure to Jim Crow-era racial discrimination laws and bans on same-sex marriage. Lynch said the department is monitoring other U.S. jurisdictions that have passed or considered laws similar to North Carolina’s but declined to say whether the agency was planning any action against them.      White House spokesman Josh Earnest called the North Carolina law “mean-spirited” but McCrory said in his complaint that it is “common sense privacy policy.” North Carolina Republicans say the law stops men from posing as transgender to gain access to women’s restrooms.     North Carolina stands to lose $4.8 billion in funds, mainly educational grants, if it does not back down, according to an analysis by lawyers at the University of California, Los Angeles Law School. The Justice Department’s complaint named the state of North Carolina, McCrory, the state’s Department of Public Safety and the University of North Carolina system as defendants. The 17-campus University of North Carolina system says it takes federal non-discrimination laws very seriously but must also adhere to state laws like HB 2.     “In these circumstances, the University is truly caught in the middle,” UNC President Margaret Spellings said. McCrory told reporters that North Carolina had been forced to pass the law after the Charlotte city council passed an ordinance that allowed transgender people access to bathrooms based on gender identity in public and private buildings.   “We’re taking the Obama admin to court. They’re bypassing Congress, attempting to rewrite law & policies for the whole country, not just NC,” McCrory wrote on Twitter.   The Republican leaders of North Carolina’s state legislature also sued the U.S. government over the law on Monday, hours after McCrory’s lawsuit. The law is also being challenged in federal district court by critics including the American Civil Liberties Union.    ",1
9623,California Assembly passes gender-neutral restroom bill,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - A bill requiring all single-occupancy public restrooms to be open to anyone regardless of gender or gender identity passed the California Assembly on Monday, and will proceed to the state Senate. The most populous U.S. state already bars discrimination against transgender people, including in public restrooms. The measure by state Assemblyman Phil Ting, a Democrat from San Francisco, goes farther, saying that single-use restrooms should not be reserved for one sex. “Restrooms are a necessity of life, making equal access to them a civil rights issue,” Ting said in a press statement. The measure passed on a 55-19 vote. A date has not been set for the Senate to consider the bill. Supporters have said that in addition to protecting transgender or gender fluid people, the bill would also cut down waiting time at single-occupancy public restrooms by allowing anyone to use facilities previously reserved for men or women. The bill came during a nationwide furor over a law passed by the state of North Carolina requiring people to use restrooms consistent with their biological sex. On Monday, a fight between the Obama administration and North Carolina over that law escalated as both sides sued each other, trading accusations of civil rights violations and government overreach.  The U.S. Justice Department’s complaint asked a federal district court in North Carolina to declare that the state is violating the 1964 Civil Rights Act and order it to stop enforcing the ban. North Carolina’s Republican governor, Pat McCrory, and the state’s secretary of public safety sued the U.S. agency in a different federal court in North Carolina, accusing it of “baseless and blatant overreach.”  ",1
9624,Supreme Court nominee to submit questionnaire to lawmakers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama’s nominee to the Supreme Court, Merrick Garland, will submit a filled-out questionnaire and other information to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday to spur a vote on his nomination, the White House said. “The questionnaire and associated materials present an exhaustive picture of Judge Garland’s distinguished career and impeccable credentials as a nominee to the Supreme Court,” White House spokeswoman Brandi Hoffine said in an emailed statement on Monday. Republican Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley has refused to hold hearings on Garland’s nomination. Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has refused to act on Obama’s pick, saying whoever wins the Nov. 8 presidential election should choose a nominee to replace conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February. The White House declined to release Garland’s questionnaire on Monday. It repeated its call for the Senate to hold a hearing on his nomination once lawmakers had reviewed the new information. “Every nominee since 1875 who wasn’t withdrawn from consideration has received a hearing and/or a vote,” Hoffine said. “With more federal judicial experience than any other Supreme Court nominee in history and a long record of public service, we expect the Senate will give Chief Judge Garland the same fair consideration as prior nominees.” ",1
9625,Republican Rubio distances himself from Trump VP talk,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Marco Rubio on Monday sought to quash speculation that he might emerge as the vice presidential running mate for Republican candidate Donald Trump, saying he still has deep reservations about the billionaire. “He will be best served by a running mate and by surrogates who fully embrace his campaign. As such, I have never sought, will not seek and do not want to be considered for vice president,” Rubio said in a statement. Rubio, a former Republican presidential candidate himself, and Trump clashed repeatedly in the weeks leading up to the bitterly contested primary vote in Rubio’s home state of Florida in March. Trump had dismissed Rubio as “little Marco” and won the state handily, dealing a death blow to Rubio’s campaign. Rubio had blasted Trump as a con artist who is not a conservative. “While Republican voters have chosen Donald Trump as the presumptive GOP nominee, my previously stated reservations about his campaign and concerns with many of his policies remain unchanged,” Rubio said. GOP, short for Grand Old Party, is an acronym for the Republican Party. A former Trump campaign rival, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, is leading Trump’s search for a vice presidential running mate. Trump has said he is considering a variety of his former rivals for the nomination, but some have ruled themselves out or declared they will not support him. Rubio said he plans to focus his attention in the run-up to the Nov. 8 helping Republicans hang on to control of the Senate and “electing principled conservatives across the country.”    ",1
9626,Trump to meet with Senate Republican leader McConnell Thursday: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump will meet with Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell on Thursday, Politico reported on Monday, citing aides on Capitol Hill. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, is scheduled to visit Washington on Thursday to meet with House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan. ",1
9627,Obama to meet with national security advisers about Islamic State,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will meet with his National Security Council on Tuesday morning to discuss U.S. efforts to fight Islamic State militants, the White House said. “The session is the latest in a series of NSC meetings in recent months convened at the White House and at key departments and agencies, including the CIA, the Department of State and the Department of Defense, on our campaign against the terrorist group,” it said in a statement. ",1
9628,White House: Puerto Rico debt crisis could hamper Zika response,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Monday it was concerned the debt crisis confronting Puerto Rico could hamper its ability to deal with the potential public health crisis caused by the spread of the Zika virus, which has sickened nearly people 700 on the island. “Given the fact that there are reported cases of the Zika virus in Puerto Rico, this seems like a pretty bad time for investments in Puerto Rico’s public health system to be cut,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told a news briefing. ",1
9629,Trump picks NJ Governor Christie to head transition team,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Monday he has chosen New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a rival turned ally, to lead his White House transition team as he prepares for the general election campaign. “Governor Christie is an extremely knowledgeable and loyal person with the tools and resources to put together an unparalleled Transition Team, one that will be prepared to take over the White House when we win in November,” Trump said in a statement.  Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee in the Nov. 8 presidential election, said Christie will oversee an “extensive team.” Christie endorsed Trump after dropping out of the 2016 Republican primary race in February and has been campaigning with the New York billionaire. Trump’s campaign said the candidate was moving into a general election mode and “implementing an infrastructure capable of securing a victory including making key hires, building a finance operation to benefit the Republican Party and unifying the party by working with several Republican leaders now voicing their support for Mr. Trump and his candidacy.”  ",1
9630,Democrats gird for fight with Trump in U.S. Rust Belt states,"CLEVELAND/NEW YORK - Bracing for a general election fight with Donald Trump, Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton and her allies are putting resources into industrial states such as Ohio and Pennsylvania to try to block Trump from making inroads with working-class voters there. Labor leaders, progressive groups and Democratic operatives told Reuters in interviews that they took seriously Trump’s appeal with white working-class voters and were studying how to respond to his promises to create jobs and negotiate better trade deals. The desire to stop the presumptive Republican presidential nominee from wresting away the support of unionized workers has even led a group organized to back Bernie Sanders, Labor for Bernie, to consider its next steps if Sanders does not win the Democratic nomination. “It may well be our task to work hard to reach out to our (labor union) members who support Trump and begin an important dialogue,” said Rand Wilson, a staunch Sanders supporter and Labor for Bernie spokesman. The Rust Belt, which includes Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin, Indiana and West Virginia, has suffered heavy job losses in sectors such as autos, coal and steel that have faced fierce competition from abroad. The region, home to many unionized workers, has been a stronghold for Democrats. The exceptions are socially conservative West Virginia, which has gone Republican in the past four presidential elections, and Indiana, which has gone Democratic only twice since 1940. Ohio has switched back and forth. Trump has aggressively courted working-class voters ahead of the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama. He has criticized the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and promised to rip up the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal. He has also said he will consider raising the minimum wage and backing higher taxes on the wealthy.  On Monday, Trump sought to backtrack from those comments on taxes. “Now if I increase it on the wealthy, that means they’re still going to be paying less than they are paying now,” he told CNN. “I’m talking about increasing it from my (original) tax proposal.” Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski told Reuters the campaign was targeting industrial states like Pennsylvania and Michigan, which have voted Democratic in presidential elections since 1992. Working America, an advocacy group affiliated with the AFL-CIO labor federation, is expanding operations in states like Ohio and Pennsylvania and plans to open an office in Wisconsin. Its first mission is talking to voters about jobs and the economy and trying to gauge where they are leaning in the presidential race. Later in the campaign, the group will work more aggressively to win over voters. In Ohio, the Democratic Party has doubled its field operation over the past month, thanks to an infusion of cash raised by the Clinton campaign for the national and state parties. Clinton, who has a strong lead over Sanders but has yet to secure the Democratic nomination, has already hired state directors in Ohio and Pennsylvania. Working America field director Soren Norris knocked on doors on the west side of Cleveland last week as part of an effort to gauge voter sentiment. At the first house, Tamara Phillips, 44, told Norris she was not enthusiastic about either Clinton or Trump but that she would vote for the New York businessman if forced to choose. Phillips, who works in publishing, said taxes on her commission income rose during former President Bill Clinton’s administration. But she said she had reservations about Trump’s “gruff” demeanor. With an eye toward voters across the Rust Belt, Clinton visited Appalachia last week with stops in West Virginia and Ohio. She apologized for previous statements related to shutting down the coal industry and told protesters she was committed to solving their economic problems even if they did not support her. Union activists said their strategy for undercutting Trump’s support would be pointing out discrepancies in his positions. His comment that he is open to raising the minimum wage comes after he said in a November debate that “wages are too high” and that an increase would hurt the economy. Although Trump rails against trade deals and businesses that move operations to Mexico, critics say that items such as ties and suits in his clothing line were made in China. “The best way to go after Trump is to make him run against himself,” said political strategist Brad Bannon, who advises labor unions. Tom Buffenbarger, a Clinton surrogate to labor and the past president of the machinists’ union, said Democrats would have “a lot of fun” highlighting Trump’s inconsistencies, although he acknowledged the Republican candidate presented a threat in some Rust Belt states. “Are we concerned about the industrial states in the upcoming election?” Buffenbarger said. “Yeah, Donald Trump’s done a good job complaining about the trade deal while he continues to ship work from the U.S. to China.” ",1
9631,Michelle Obama helps Prince Harry launch second Invictus Games,"ORLANDO, Florida (Reuters) - Britain’s Prince Harry and U.S. first lady Michelle Obama mixed with headline acts from music and film to launch the second edition of the Invictus Games for wounded military personnel on Sunday. British singers James Blunt and Laura Wright performed at the two-hour ceremony before Oscar-winning actor Morgan Freeman led the crowd at the ESPN Wide World of Sports Champion Stadium in reciting the Invictus Games pledge. Former U.S. President George W Bush, the honorary chairman of this year’s Games, also spoke on stage to the near 500 athletes from 14 different countries who will compete over four days from Monday in 11 Paralympic sports. Harry, who started the Games two years ago in London, paid tribute to the courage of the athletes, who paraded through an interactive 3-D cube decorated in their country’s colors to warm applause. “When we give a standing ovation to the competitor with the missing limbs, let’s also cheer our hearts out for the man who overcame anxiety so severe he couldn’t leave his house,” the 31-year-old royal told the crowd.  “Let’s cheer for the woman who fought through post-traumatic stress.” That spirit was echoed by Obama, who thanked U.S. veterans for their service. “I’m here and honor all of you: our extraordinary service members, our veterans, and of course our military families. You all are amazing. Truly amazing,” she said. ",1
9632,Chagrined anti-Trump Republicans seek to recruit third-party candidate," (This version of the May 5, 2016 story has been corrected to make clear Ralph Nader ran as a Green Party candidate) By Ginger Gibson and Jonathan Allen WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s emergence as the last man standing in the Republican presidential race has prompted his critics inside the party to intensify their search for a candidate they could back as a serious third-party alternative. Political operatives are courting donors, calling potential candidates and developing legal contingency plans for overcoming onerous ballot qualification laws. “This is as much as anything a battle for the future of American party politics,” said Republican strategist Joel Searby, who is working with conservative writer Bill Kristol, among others, on an effort to identify a third-party candidate to run in the Nov. 8 presidential election. A separate group, Conservatives Against Trump, which includes blogger Erick Erickson, has been holding calls and meetings to discuss third-party candidates as well as other options to stop the New York billionaire from winning the White House. The hurdles to a third-party candidacy are immense. No independent candidate has ever won a presidential election, although some have played spoilers. But the efforts by the Republican groups underscore the unusual divisiveness of Trump’s candidacy within Republican ranks ahead of a likely general election fight with Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. Trump’s opposition to free trade is at odds with the views of many Republicans, especially in the party’s business wing. Many of Trump’s critics also find his rhetoric offensive, including his call to temporarily bar Muslims from entering the country and his comment describing Mexican immigrants to the United States as rapists and drug dealers. Some Republicans say they worry that any third-party candidate would only siphon votes away from Trump and help Clinton win the election. Ralph Nader’s Green Party presidential run has been blamed by some Democrats for the razor-thin defeat of Democratic nominee Al Gore in the 2000 election. Ross Perot’s independent candidacy in 1992 was seen by some Republicans as contributing to President George H.W. Bush’s loss to Democrat Bill Clinton.   One outcome, though rare, may be that no candidate crosses the necessary threshold of 270 votes in the U.S. Electoral College. In that case, the vote for the next president would pass to the U.S. House of Representatives, currently controlled by Republicans.   Deborah DeMoss Fonseca, who recruited donors for former Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush and is working with Conservatives Against Trump, said her group was trying to find a candidate who would be high-profile enough to compete with Trump and Clinton. But finding a candidate of that caliber who would be willing to run is no easy feat. Searby’s group has reached out to former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and James Mattis, a retired U.S. Marine Corps general, among others, but both declined after discussions. Republican U.S. Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska has emerged as a favorite of the Republicans seeking a third-party candidate. Kristol has had warm words for him. Sasse, a freshman lawmaker and former Bush administration official, is a strong critic of Trump and has called for an alternative candidate to him. But he says that person should be someone other than him. On Wednesday, the morning after Trump emerged as the presumptive presidential nominee, phones at the office of Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson were ringing off the hook with calls from small-government Republicans who feel they cannot get behind Trump. But as a Libertarian, Johnson holds views on some issues, such as the legalization of marijuana, that are antithetical to the views of some Republicans.  In March, former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, an independent, said he had considered jumping into the race as a third-party candidate but opted against it, saying he feared it would only serve to help get Trump elected. One of the biggest hurdles to a third-party run is simply getting on the ballot in enough states to mount a viable campaign. Texas requires more than 79,000 signatures from voters who did not participate in either primary. Its deadline is Monday. Among other states, North Carolina’s deadline is the end of May, and Illinois and Florida in mid-July. “A third-party candidate is a pipe dream,” said Republican strategist Tony Fratto, who worked in Bush’s administration and strongly opposes Trump. “What’s going to happen is Hillary Clinton is going to win big. It won’t be close.” ",1
9633,Exclusive: Top reason Americans will vote for Trump: 'To stop Clinton' - poll," NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. presidential election may turn out to be one of the world’s biggest un-popularity contests.  Nearly half of American voters who support either Democrat Hillary Clinton or Republican Donald Trump for the White House said they will mainly be trying to block the other side from winning, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released Thursday.  The results reflect a deepening ideological divide in the United States, where people are becoming increasingly fearful of the opposing party, a feeling worsened by the likely matchup between the New York real estate tycoon and the former first lady, said Larry Sabato, director of the University of Virginia’s Center for Politics.  “This phenomenon is called negative partisanship,” Sabato said. ”If we were trying to maximize the effect, we couldn’t have found better nominees than Trump and Clinton.”  Trump has won passionate supporters and vitriolic detractors for his blunt talk and hardline proposals, including his call for a ban on Muslims entering the United States, his vow to force Mexico to pay for a border wall, and his promise to renegotiate international trade deals.  Former Secretary of State Clinton’s appeal to voters seeking continuity with President Barack Obama’s policies, has won her a decisive lead in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, but finds strong opponents among those disillusioned by what they see as lack of progress during Obama’s tenure.  The poll asked likely voters about the primary motivation driving their support of either Trump or Clinton heading into the general election on Nov. 8.  About 47 percent of Trump supporters said they backed him primarily because they don’t want Clinton to win. Another 43 percent said their primary motivation was a liking for Trump’s political positions, while 6 percent said they liked him personally.  Similar responses prevailed among Clinton supporters.  About 46 percent said they would vote for her mostly because they don’t want to see a Trump presidency, while 40 percent said they agreed with her political positions, and 11 percent said they liked her personally.  The April 29-May 5 poll included 469 likely Trump voters and 599 likely Clinton voters. It has a credibility interval of 5 percentage points. (For results, click tmsnrt.rs/1TLCbqX)  To be sure, voters’ opinions could change over the next several months. Candidates will be feted at party conventions, will square off in a series of national debates, and will be targeted by millions of dollars worth of advertisements.  But the negative atmosphere is likely to reign, says Alan Abramowitz, an Emory University professor who has studied the rise of negative partisanship in America.  Both campaigns probably will decide their best strategy is to work even harder to vilify each other, he said.  “It’s going to get very, very negative,” he added.  That would play into a longer-term trend.  A 2014 study by Pew Research Center found that Democrats and Republicans have shown increasingly negative views toward each other over the past few decades. In 2014 more than a quarter of Democrats, and more than a third of Republicans, viewed the opposition as “a threat to the nation’s well-being.”  Barbara Monson, 59, a Republican from Murray, Utah, is among them. “No matter who the Republican (nominee) is, I would have voted for him,” poll respondent Monson said of her support for Trump. “It’s never going to be Clinton. Never.”  Jo-Anne Michaud, 69, an independent voter from Abingdon, Maryland, told Reuters she would try to keep an open mind. Although she has voted for both Republicans and Democrats in the past, she feels repelled by Trump.  “I used to like the guy when I watched his show,” Michaud said. “But I just hate the way he talks now. I don’t think he’s a nice person deep down inside.”  ",1
9634,"'This is not a reality show,' Obama tells Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama warned on Friday that occupying the Oval Office “is not a reality show,” in a swipe at outspoken Republican candidate Donald Trump who is vying to replace him in the White House.  Fighting with Obama is a battle Trump would likely relish as he tries to rally support within his own party. During hard-fought Republican primary campaigns, the billionaire delighted in responding to attacks from rivals and found that his support grew when he lashed out at his opponents. Asked about Trump at a media briefing in the White House, Obama called on the press and public to weigh past statements by the Republican but did not point to any specific issues or remarks.  “This is not entertainment,” Obama said, a reference to Trump’s television background. “This is not a reality show. This is a contest for the presidency of the United States,” he said. Some top Republican leaders - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan among them - are still expressing wariness about Trump, who became the party’s presumptive nominee this week when two Republican rivals dropped out of the White House race. Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, who ran unsuccessfully for the Republican nomination, posted on Facebook that he will not vote for Trump - one of the sharpest slights yet against the New York real estate mogul by a senior Republican.  “Donald Trump has not demonstrated that temperament or strength of character. He has not displayed a respect for the Constitution. And, he is not a consistent conservative. These are all reasons why I cannot support his candidacy,” Bush wrote, adding that he would not vote for likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton either. U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham from South Carolina, who made an unsuccessful bid for president, joined a growing list of Republicans who are refusing to support Trump and he announced on Friday he will also skip the Republican convention in July. Mitt Romney, who won the Republican nomination in 2012, is also refusing to support Trump. But Trump on Friday won the endorsement of another former Republican presidential nominee, Bob Dole, who lost to Bill Clinton in 1996. For Trump, finding unifying enemies like Obama and Hillary Clinton could help rally Republicans back to his side ahead of the Nov. 8 general election.     Obama is likely to be the feature of much of Trump’s criticism in the general election. Republicans have sought to paint Clinton as an extension of the Obama administration who would continue all of his policies. Since effectively securing the nomination on Tuesday, Trump has begun testing themes to attack Clinton, Obama’s former secretary of state.  On Friday, Trump took aim at Clinton for her use of a private email server while in office. Clinton has said she did not send or receive information marked as classified. The FBI is investigating whether laws were broken. “The email scandal should take her down but I don’t think it’s going to because I think she’s being protected by the Democrats,” Trump said on “Fox & Friends,” a television news program that attracts a large conservative viewership. Trump tried to cast Clinton as weak on the economy, which is sure to be one of the main policy issues as the election approaches. “If you look at what she’s going to do, she’s going to be so bad on jobs that wages are going to go down for workers,” he said. Early general election polls show Clinton with a lead both nationally and in key states.      Clinton has a higher probability than Trump of becoming the next president, but the gap between them narrowed this week, according to the online political stock market PredictIt.     A key factor for Trump in the general election will be whether he can rally the party behind him. Trump has seen some top Republicans who previously fought his candidacy now back him, including Texas Governor Rick Perry. Former Vice President Dick Cheney, whose daughter Liz Cheney is running for Congress in Wyoming, said he will support Trump, a source close to him said on Friday. Paul Manafort, a top Trump adviser, told MSNBC that Republicans will rally behind the businessman because he has strengthened the party by attracting new supporters. “We want to unify the party, but the important thing to remember is Donald Trump just won a historic victory among 17 other candidates,” Manafort said. “He is a very strong nominee. His vision that he laid out is not something in question.” Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has already begun his efforts to rally the party behind Trump, saying at an event hosted by Politico that behind the scenes the candidate is “more gracious and personable than I think you see at rallies.” “I think there’s work on tone to do,” Priebus said, adding that he has made that point to Trump. “I think he gets it. I think you’re going to see it. I think you’re going to see the change in tone.” In addition to changing tone, Trump also faces an uphill climb to bring the party together. Ryan, the top elected Republican in the United States, said on Thursday he was not ready to support Trump, a sign of lingering establishment concern about the candidate’s position on immigration and trade. Trump took issue with Ryan.  “Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party,” Trump wrote on Twitter. “Wrong, I didn’t inherit it, I won it with millions of voters.”     Ryan has invited Trump to meet with House of Representatives Republican leaders next week, Ryan’s office said on Friday. Trump’s attorney was quoted in media reports on Friday as saying the candidate will testify after the November election in a class-action lawsuit that accuses him and his now-defunct Trump University of defrauding people who paid up to $35,000 for real estate seminars. A federal judge ordered the trial in San Diego to start on Nov. 28, which means he will not have to testify while he campaigns. The university case was one of the subjects Trump’s rivals used to attack him during presidential debates. ",1
9635,Top U.S. official visits Vietnam to assess human rights progress,"HANOI (Reuters) - A top U.S. envoy began a two-day trip to Vietnam on Monday to gauge its progress in human rights, two weeks ahead of a visit by President Barack Obama in what will be the first by a U.S. leader in a decade. Tom Malinowski, assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor, is expected to press Vietnam to release unconditionally political prisoners and reform its laws to comply with its international commitments. Relations between the United States and Vietnam have moved to a new level in the past two years as Washington seeks to make a new ally in Asia, but the communist nation’s zero-tolerance approach to its detractors remains a sticking point. Vietnam has jailed dissidents, bloggers and religious figures in recent years, holding them for long periods without access to family or legal counsel and often subject to torture or other mistreatment, according to the New York-based Human Rights Watch. The United States has been intensifying efforts in building stronger ties -  in health, education, environment, energy and recently military - to boost its influence, and offset that of China. The United States and Vietnam, along with 10 others, this year signed Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), one of the world’s biggest multinational trade deals. Though the TPP has no requirements for members to reach certain standards in human rights, analysts say Vietnam’s record of arrests, intimidation and oppression of those who speak out against the ruling Communist Party could add to anticipated resistance to the pact among U.S. legislators. The TPP must be ratified by each member country’s parliament. Malinowski said during his visit to Vietnam last year that he had seen signs of progress on human rights but the country needed to make a stronger commitment. Rights groups, however, say those improvements might be short-lived and designed to ensure its smooth accession to multilateral trade agreements, including a pact with the European Union. ",1
9636,Trump changes tune on tax hikes for wealthy Americans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Sunday he was open to raising taxes on the rich, backing off his prior proposal to reduce taxes on all Americans and breaking with one of his party’s core policies dating back to the 1990s. “I am willing to pay more, and you know what, the wealthy are willing to pay more,” Trump told ABC’s “This Week.” After effectively sealing the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election last week, Trump has used speeches and interviews to offer more details on his policy positions. The billionaire real estate tycoon has said he would like to see an increase in the minimum wage, although he told NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday he would prefer to see states take the lead on that front instead of the federal government. “I don’t know how people make it on $7.25 an hour,” Trump said of the current federal minimum wage. “I would like to see an increase of some magnitude. But I’d rather leave it to the states. Let the states decide.” Trump’s call for higher taxes on the wealthy is a break with Republican presidential nominees who have staunchly opposed tax hikes for almost three decades. Tax hikes have been anathema to many in the party since former President George H.W. Bush infuriated fellow Republicans by abandoning a pledge not to raise taxes and agreeing to an increase in a 1990 budget deal. Democrats, including presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton, have pressed for increased taxes on the wealthiest Americans for years. Trump released a tax proposal last September that included broad tax breaks for businesses and households. He proposed reducing the highest income tax rate to 25 percent from the current 39.6 percent rate. Pressed on the contradiction between his latest comments on taxes and the September tax plan, Trump said he viewed his original proposal as “a concept” and that he expected it would be changed following negotiations with Congress. “By the time it gets negotiated, it’s going to be a different plan,” Trump told ABC. He emphasized in separate interviews with ABC and NBC that his priorities were lowering taxes on the middle class and businesses. “The middle class has to be protected,” Trump told NBC. The rich are “probably going to end up paying more,” he said. The Clinton campaign said Trump was trying to pander to voters beyond those who supported him in the Republican nominating contests and that he had no intention of raising the taxes of wealthy people. “Don’t believe Donald Trump’s weak attempts at a general election ‘makeover’ for even a second,” Christina Reynolds, a Clinton campaign spokeswoman, said in a statement. “Trump’s economic plans take direct aim at working Americans - his proposal to cut trillions in taxes for the top one percent would almost certainly come at the expense of working- and middle-class families.” When asked on NBC whether he would release his own tax returns before the election, Trump said once again that it depended on the completion of an audit. “Sure. If the auditors finish. I’ll do it as fast as the auditors finish,” he said.   Republicans remain deeply divided over Trump’s candidacy, although he has pledged to try to unite the party ahead of its convention in July. Prominent party leaders such as Paul Ryan, the top elected U.S. Republican, have distanced themselves from Trump over his proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States. Ryan, who has been a leading voice for the Republican Party on budget issues for years and is the House of Representatives speaker, has proposed a series of budgets that would cut taxes across the board. Trump has also called for new tariffs on Chinese and Mexican imports to the United States, a position at odds with views on trade held by Ryan and many other pro-business Republicans. Ryan, who will preside over the July 18-21 convention in Cleveland where the party will formally nominate its presidential candidate, said last week he hoped to eventually support Trump. But he added: “I’m just not there right now.” Republican U.S. Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona also is undecided about Trump. Flake said he wanted to see Trump revise some of his positions, including the proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States. “He’s got to soften his position there,” Flake said. Underscoring the party’s divisions, Sarah Palin, the 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate and a Trump supporter, criticized Ryan for failing to endorse Trump. The conservative populist firebrand said she would work to defeat Ryan in his Aug. 9 primary race against a conservative businessman.  Clinton said she hoped to take advantage of Republican reticence over Trump to draw the support of party defectors.  “I am asking people to come join this campaign,” the former secretary of state told CBS. “And I’ve had a lot of outreach from Republicans in the last days who say that they are interested in talking about that.” ",1
9637,Palin vows to help defeat Ryan over his refusal to support Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former U.S. vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin vowed on Sunday to help unseat Paul Ryan, the top Republican in the House of Representatives, because of the his refusal to endorse presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. Palin, the former Alaska governor and Trump supporter, endorsed conservative businessman Paul Nehlen, who is challenging Ryan, the House speaker, for his congressional seat in the Wisconsin Republican nominating contest on Aug. 9. “I will do whatever I can for Paul Nehlen,” Palin said in an interview with CNN. “This man is a hardworking guy, so in touch with the people.” Though Ryan is heavily favored to win the primary race against Nehlen, Palin predicted an upset in a race she said would shock Washington’s political class. Palin’s comments underscore the deep divisions within the party over Trump, who effectively locked up his party’s nomination for president last week when his two remaining rivals, Ted Cruz and John Kasich, dropped out of the race. Palin said she believed Ryan would get “Cantored,” comparing him to former Eric Cantor, the former No. 2 Republican in the House who was defeated in a 2014 primary by conservative Dave Brat, now a Virginia congressman. Ryan said last week he was not ready to support Trump yet, saying that the New York real estate mogul needed to do more to unify the Republican party. “Paul Ryan and his ilk, their problem is that they become so disconnected from the people they are elected to represent, as evidenced by Paul Ryan’s refusal to support the GOP front runner, that we just said, ‘He’s our man,’” Palin said. A poll in March by Marquette University Law School showed Ryan with more than an 80 percent approval rating among Wisconsin Republicans. Seen as an intellectual leader of the party’s conservative values, many inside the party believe he may mount his own White House run in the next presidential cycle. Nehlen, like Trump, wants to secure the southern border with Mexico and withdraw from global trade deals. He told Reuters in April that Cantor’s defeat in 2014 “reinforced in my mind” that he could defeat Ryan. Asked if she would be willing to be vetted as a potential vice presidential candidate, Palin said she recognizes many voters might not want her on the ticket and that she “wouldn’t want to be a burden” to Trump’s candidacy. Palin, who is popular with the Tea Party wing of the Republican party, was tapped in 2008 to be the running mate for  former Republican presidential nominee John McCain.  ",1
9638,"Treading cautiously, House's Ryan to meet Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Ryan and Donald Trump, the top Republicans in the United States, plan to meet next week to try to unite their party, with both men focused on the Nov. 8 presidential election, but the Wisconsin congressman also perhaps looking further ahead. Speaker of the House of Representatives Ryan has invited Trump, this year’s likely Republican presidential nominee, to meet on Thursday with Ryan and other congressional leaders on Capitol Hill, Ryan’s office said in a statement on Friday. A key part of the conversation is sure to be Trump’s combative, in-your-face campaign persona and Republican leaders’ requests for him to tone it down, but political analysts said Ryan will have other considerations in mind, as well. One issue is likely to be his own future, said Larry Sabato, director of the University of Virginia’s Center for Politics. Ryan, 46, lost his 2012 campaign for vice president as Mitt Romney’s running mate. Ryan probably has serious doubts that Trump, like Romney, can win this year, Sabato said. If so, Ryan will want to find a balance between accepting Trump, 69, as the nominee and keeping some distance from him, just in case the real estate mogul’s campaign ends in disaster. “Suppose Trump loses overwhelmingly. Would you want to have been siding with the captain of the Titanic, or maybe seen as someone who was begging the captain to watch out for icebergs?” Sabato said, adding that a Trump defeat could push the party in a different direction in 2020, maybe toward Ryan as the nominee. As chairman of the Republican Party convention in Cleveland in July, Ryan’s political tightrope will be especially perilous. One of his objectives will be to provide political cover for his 246 House Republicans so they can choose to embrace or run away from Trump, depending on their home districts’ politics, with the goal of preserving control of the House, analysts said. Ryan dropped a bombshell on Thursday when he said he was not ready to endorse Trump until he shows he can unify the party, still reeling from a bitter primary campaign that left many establishment Republicans stunned at Trump’s victory. One moderate Pennsylvania congressman, Representative Charlie Dent, said he thought most of his fellow House Republicans would be comfortable with what Ryan said, because they were “conflicted” themselves over whether to support Trump. Some Republican lawmakers worry that Trump is not conservative enough; others are more bothered by Trump’s “divisive, incendiary remarks and lack of substance,” said Dent, who put himself in the latter category. However, a conservative Republican congressman, Raul Labrador of Idaho, told CNN that Ryan “needs to reconsider what he’s doing” concerning Trump. “A lot of people that are voting for Donald Trump are totally disaffected with what we’re doing in Washington D.C., and he (Ryan) almost kind of slapped them in the face when he said what he did,” said Labrador, who endorsed Ted Cruz but says he will vote for Trump now that Cruz is out of the race.  As speaker, Ryan has struggled with his deeply divided colleagues over budget issues, funding the battle against the Zika virus, rescuing Puerto Rico from a debt crisis, and helping Flint, Michigan, deal with their contaminated water system. Ryan is “trying to jawbone Trump into adjusting his positions” to line up better with the party establishment, said Norm Ornstein, a resident scholar and political analyst at the conservative American Enterprise Institute. The “unprecedented” move by a congressional leader to distance himself from his party’s expected nominee, Ornstein said, showed Ryan trying to mold a “less confrontational and divisive approach to minorities and a less isolationist and combative approach to our allies.” In a swipe at Trump on Friday, President Barack Obama warned that occupying the Oval Office “is not a reality show.” ",1
9639,"Obama says U.S. race relations have improved, but work to be done","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said in a commencement speech on Saturday that U.S. race relations have improved over the last three decades, but that significant work still needs to be done. “I tell you this not to lull you into complacency, but to spur you into action because there’s still so much work to do,” Obama told about 2,300 Howard University graduates in Washington, acknowledging that racism and inequality still persist. “We cannot sleepwalk through life,” he said. The United States has faced a number of racial controversies in recent years, including the 2014 shooting of an unarmed black teenager by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, that sparked sometimes violent protests. The United States has a racial gap in economic opportunities, Obama said, noting that the overall U.S. employment rate is around 5 percent, but it is near 9 percent for African-Americans. Obama, the son of a white mother and African father, told the graduates to embrace their racial identity. “Be confident in your blackness,” Obama said, adding “there is no one way to be black ... There’s no straightjacket, there’s no constraints, there’s no litmus test for authenticity.” He added that “my election did not create a post-racial society,” but was one example of how attitudes have changed. Obama also urged the crowd not to try to prod colleges and universities into disinviting controversial speakers - something that has taken place regularly at campuses throughout the United States. Howard University is one of about 100 historically black colleges and universities in the United States. Obama argued that the United States and the world has progressed dramatically since 1983 when he graduated from college. “America is by almost every measure better than it was” in 1983, Obama said, noting that U.S. poverty rate is down, the number of people with college degrees is up and the number of women in the workforce have risen. Obama said today’s college graduates are better positioned than any other to address the country’s tough outstanding problems. “You need a strategy,” Obama said, adding passion and anger are not enough to effect political change and encouraging them to embrace compromise. “Not just hashtags but votes.” He noted the low voter turnout among young people in the 2014 congressional elections. He told the graduates they needed to vote “every time ... not just when you’re inspired.” But Obama noted an area that has not improved in recent decades - the U.S. prison population - currently at 2.2 million, it is up more than fourfold from 500,000 in 1983. African-American men are six times more likely than white men to be incarcerated, Obama said, and urged the graduates to lobby the U.S. Congress to pass a pending criminal justice reform measure. Senator Charles Grassley, an Iowa Republican, praised Obama’s remarks on Twitter, writing “even conservatives would applaud it.” ",1
9640,Alabama's top judge faces ethics charges over gay-marriage order,"(Reuters) - Alabama’s Supreme Court Chief Justice was suspended on Friday  for ordering state probate judges not to grant marriage licenses to gay couples, despite contrary rulings by a federal court and the U.S. Supreme Court. Chief Justice Roy Moore, an outspoken opponent of same-sex unions, faces possible removal from the bench after the Alabama Judicial Inquiry Commission charged him with violating the state’s judicial ethics laws, according to news website AL.com.  The legality of gay marriage had been at the center of a national debate until the Supreme Court ruled in June that the U.S. Constitution provides same-sex couples the right to marry, handing a historic triumph to the American gay rights movement.   Despite the decision and a federal court ruling that made gay marriage legal in Alabama, Moore in January issued an administrative order to state probate judges that they should not issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, according to court documents.  “Chief Justice Moore flagrantly disregarded and abused his authority,” the complaint said. “Moore knowingly ordered (probate judges) to commit violations ... knowingly subjecting them to potential prosecution and removal from office.” Moore said in a statement that the commission had no authority over administrative orders or the court’s ability to prohibit probate judges from issuing same-sex marriage licenses.   “We intend to fight this agenda vigorously and expect to prevail,” he said.   Moore wrote in his order that the U.S. Supreme Court ruling was at odds with a decision in March 2015 by the Alabama Supreme Court that instructed probate judges to stop issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. The conflicting opinions had resulted in “confusion and uncertainty,” Moore said, with many probate judges issuing marriage licenses to gay couples while others refused to do so. [uL1N14R283] The Human Rights Campaign, the biggest U.S. gay rights organization, hailed the suspension. “Roy Moore is an embarrassment to the state of Alabama,” Eva Walton Kendrick, the group’s Alabama state manager, said in a statement. Moore, a Republican, has been a hero of conservative causes before. In 2003, he was removed from office after a federal judge ruled he was placing himself above the law by refusing to take down a Ten Commandments monument. He won the chief justice job back in 2012, vowing not to do anything to create further friction with the federal courts. ",1
9641,Arizona joins rest of U.S. in adding health insurance program for children,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - Arizona’s governor signed into law on Friday a bitterly contested proposal that will restore a federal health insurance program for children from low-income families, making it the last of its 49 counterparts to join the program. Arizona opted out of the federal Children’s Health Insurance Program in 2010 over cost concerns as it grappled with a budget crunch.  The program aims to help working families who earn too much to qualify for Medicaid health care coverage for the poor, but who cannot afford private health insurance. To qualify for KidsCare, as it’s known in Arizona, a family of four must earn between $33,000 and $49,000 annually. It is estimated to serve about 30,000 children in Arizona. Arizona’s Republican governor, Doug Ducey, signed the legislation over fierce objections from the top two lawmakers in his own party a matter of hours after it cleared the Republican-led legislature. The debate over the program was among the most rancorous of the legislative session and focused on both costs and the fact that the measure was tacked on to a virtually unrelated school voucher bill, prompting concerns that the law would face a legal challenge. Backers said the program is desperately needed to close a gap in affordable health insurance options and to ensure that children are able to grow up healthy.  Even though the state is no longer required under the program to contribute funds in exchange for federal dollars, as was the case in 2010, opponents argued that Arizona citizens are still indirectly financing the program by paying for the program through federal taxes. Arizona’s House of Representatives approved the measure on Thursday following heated debate.  The law could take effect as early as August. ",1
9642,"Obama: new tax rule will fight corruption, help economy","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Friday a long-delayed rule requiring the financial industry to identify the real owners of companies will help fight corruption and tax evasion and boost the economy. His administration on Friday issued the Customer Due Diligence rule in the works since 2012 and proposed legislation meant to stop prevent criminals from using shell companies to evade taxes, launder money, and finance terror.  “These actions are going to make a difference,” Obama told reporters. He said they would help the administration to do a better job of tracking financial flows and making sure companies are “paying the taxes they owe rather than using shell corporations and offshore accounts to avoid doing the things that ordinary Americans are doing every day.” Obama also called on Congress to pass legislation that requires all companies formed in the United States to report information to the financial crimes enforcement network at the Treasury Department.   “That’s going to help law enforcement better investigate and prevent financial crimes,” Obama told reporters. Obama also urged Congress to raise the federal minimum wage, pass new trade agreements, and simplify the tax code.  “Only Congress can fully close the loopholes” that wealthy individuals or corporations can take advantage of, Obama said. He singled out Senator Rand Paul, a Republican and libertarian, who in years past has single-handedly blocked tax treaties or treaty updates between the United States and Spain, Japan, Britain, and other countries. Paul has been “a little quirky on this issue,” Obama said, and urged him “to stop blocking the implementation of tax treaties.”  Paul’s office did not immediately comment. ",1
9643,Clinton more likely to win U.S. presidency than Trump: PredictIt,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton has a higher probability than her likely Republican rival Donald Trump of becoming the next U.S. president, but the gap between the pair narrowed this week, according to the online political stock market PredictIt.  Clinton’s probability on Friday was 61 percent, down from 65 percent seven days ago, according to the site, which allows users to wager small amounts of money on “yes” or “no” predictions of future events. The probability that Trump will win the Nov. 8 election was 40 percent, up from 34 percent. Trump’s sweeping victory in this week’s Indiana primary prompted his remaining Republicans rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich to drop out of the race, cementing the businessman’s status as the party’s presumptive nominee.  He is now testing out themes to use against Clinton to persuade disgruntled Republicans to get behind his campaign. On Friday, he criticized her use of a private email server while she was U.S. secretary of state. PredictIt is jointly run by Washington political consultancy Aristotle and Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand. All of its users are registered U.S. voters.         As with polls, predictions markets like PredictIt do not always accurately forecast outcome. Ninety days ago, its users gave Trump a 20 percent probability of winning the presidency, illustrating how the celebrity businessman’s momentum was underestimated.  Clinton is in a fight with U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination and holds a clear lead in delegates. (The story adds missing letter in last paragraph) ",1
9644,Trump to testify in Trump University lawsuit after Nov. 8 vote: reports,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump will testify after the Nov. 8 presidential election in a class-action lawsuit that accuses him and his now-defunct Trump University of defrauding people who paid up to $35,000 for real estate seminars, media reports said on Friday, citing his attorney. Court documents showed a federal judge ordered the trial to start in San Diego on Nov. 28. This raised the possibility that Trump could take the stand as president-elect but also ensured that he will not have to testify in the case while he campaigns. The presumptive Republican presidential nominee plans to attend much of the trial and would take the witness stand, Trump lawyer Daniel Petrocelli was quoted as saying by the Associated Press and Los Angeles Times. Petrocelli did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Plaintiffs in the lawsuit claim the school lured “student-victims” into its doors, only to defraud them once their checks were cashed. Another Trump lawyer, Alan Garten, last year called the allegations “totally lacking in any merit” and said that Trump would prevail in the end “whether it be by motion or at trial.” Trump also faces another lawsuit in Manhattan over Trump University brought by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, which Garten has said is “politically motivated.” Schneiderman is a Democrat.   That fraud lawsuit, filed in 2013, seeks $40 million in restitution plus penalties and other costs. ",1
9645,Trump dips toe into delicate U.S. debt discussion,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Would Donald Trump really consider not paying portions of the U.S. debt? The prospect riled economists on Friday as stories in the New York Times and the conservative website The Blaze cast fresh scrutiny on comments Trump made a day earlier. Responding to a question about the national debt, the likely Republican presidential nominee said in an interview on CNBC on Thursday he would “borrow knowing that if the economy crashed you could make a deal.”  When asked if that meant he had taken a page from his own playbook as a businessman and try to get U.S. creditors to accept less than the full value of the bonds they hold, he said “No,” but added: “I could see long-term renegotiations where we borrow long-term at very low rates.” The reaction to his words on Friday offered the first-time political candidate a taste of how delicate the prospect of discussing economic and fiscal policy can be. It also highlighted a danger for Trump as his campaign moves from a crowded, personality-fueled contest for the Republican nomination to a general election competition where the media and members of the public expect more policy details from the candidates. “Such remarks by a major presidential candidate have no modern precedent,” the New York Times wrote in a story saying Trump’s plan implied he would “negotiate a partial repayment” of U.S. debt. “It’s beyond ludicrous and irresponsible unless you’re, say, an emerging market country,” wrote the U.S. debt analyst David Ader, the head of rates strategy at CRT Capital, in a note to clients early Friday morning.  A senior campaign adviser said Trump had not meant to suggest he would demur on any U.S. debt payments. “Mr. Trump was clear in saying that he was not going to renegotiate U.S. debt, despite being asked multiple times, and that he would not default on U.S. debt, despite being asked multiple times,” said the adviser, who did not want to be identified because he was not authorized to speak publicly. “All he said is that he believes that long term low interest Treasuries would be a better deal for the U.S. taxpayer.” Still, four Trump companies have been through bankruptcies in which his creditors were forced to accept far less than the more than $4 billion he owed them, and in the CNBC interview he spoke of loving to “play with” debt. “The United States is nowhere near debt distress,” said Charles Seville, an analyst at Fitch Ratings Inc. who focuses on government debt. Seville said if the U.S. government were to choose not to repay creditors, it would “undermine faith in the United States’s ability to borrow at low rates which is the underpinning of its high credit rating,” adding, “there’s no quick way of reducing the debt burden. It’s something that would be a product of fiscal consolidation or faster growth.”  Moreover, given that U.S. Treasuries are viewed as the safest-of-safe securities globally, underpinning the dollar’s status as the world’s preferred reserve currency, any damage to that reputation would likely unleash far-flung ructions in financial markets worldwide. The U.S. government regularly issues Treasury bills, notes and bonds maturing in a range of between four weeks and 30 years. Currently, interest rates on U.S. government debt are near historically low levels, meaning the government is able to borrow cheaply. The Treasury Department has been gradually moving more of its obligations into longer-term debt to take advantage of the low rates. ",1
9646,Oklahoma lawmakers pass bill to reduce feral hog population,"OKLAHOMA CITY (Reuters) - Oklahoma’s legislature has passed a bill aimed at reducing the state’s bulging population of feral hogs, blamed for spreading disease and wiping out crops, that would let people kill them without a hunting license. A study by an agricultural research organization found that the animals are running wild in all of Oklahoma’s 77 counties and could number as high as 1.6 million, which would be one of the highest feral hog populations of any state. The measure, passed on Thursday by the Republican-led legislature, would permit hunters to kill hogs without a hunting permit on their property or on someone else’s property with the landowner’s permission. It also would allow use of night-vision equipment to hunt them. Republican Governor Mary Fallin’s office has not said whether she will sign it into law. “This legislation gives Oklahomans more options to combat the rapidly growing feral hog population,” said Republican state Representative Sean Robert, a bill co-sponsor. The most effective method of eradicating the wild hogs currently is aerial shooting from helicopters, state officials said. “Feral hogs wreak havoc on Oklahoma’s farms, ranches and ecosystems, and cost farmers, ranchers and landowners,” said Tom Buchanan, president of the Oklahoma Farm Bureau, an agricultural industry group that supports the legislation. Bill opponents said it could prompt some people to bring even more feral hogs into Oklahoma to be shot by hunters. The U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service said damage caused by feral swine across the United States could top $2 billion. “If you are a farmer, they can clean out your crops overnight,” Dale Nolte, the inspection service’s program manager, said in an interview. “We have farmers tell us they have given up on planting high-dollar crops because of the feral hog problem.” Texas, Oklahoma and California have the highest numbers of feral swine in the country, Nolte said. The inspection service has operations to remove them in 38 states, Nolte added. “The problem is that feral hogs are so prolific that we have to trap 70 percent of the pig population every year just to maintain the population level we have right now,” said Kevin Grant, Oklahoma Wildlife Services state director for the U.S. Department of Agriculture. “Out in the wild, feral hogs are an ecological nightmare. There is very little that is beneficial to native wildlife that come from feral swine,” Grant said. ",1
9647,Former presidential rival Jeb Bush says he will not vote for Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush said on Friday he would not vote for either the party’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump or the Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton in the November election. “In November, I will not vote for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton, but I will support principled conservatives at the state and federal levels, just as I have done my entire life,” Bush, a former Florida governor, said in a Facebook post. ",1
9648,"Kerry jabs at Trump, warns against isolationism in Boston speech","BOSTON/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry criticized presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Friday, warning that isolationist policies would take a toll on the country’s well-being. “You are the most diverse class in Northeastern history. In other words, you are Donald Trump’s worst nightmare,” he jokingly told the 2016 graduates of Northeastern University in Boston. While he did not mention the billionaire businessman’s name again, Kerry alluded to one of Trump’s signature proposals - his call to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. “We will never come out on top if we accept advice from soundbite salesmen and carnival barkers who pretend the most powerful country on Earth can remain great by looking inward and hiding behind walls at a time when technology has made that impossible to do and unwise to even attempt,” said the former U.S. Senator from Massachusetts, who was the Democratic nominee for president in 2004. Kerry has generally declined to comment on the race leading up to the Nov. 8 presidential election, though he has noted that foreign leaders have raised concerns about statements made by candidates, particularly Trump. A spokesman told reporters on Friday that Kerry’s remarks in Boston were intended to be lighthearted. “He is not living in a bubble. He is obviously concerned about some of the tone and the effect that is having on foreign leaders,” department spokesman John Kirby told a press briefing. “If you’re asking me because he enjoyed a light-hearted moment with students today has he changed his calculus to more aggressively jumping into active debates ... the answer is no.” ",1
9649,Obama urges scrutiny of Trump's record: 'This is not entertainment',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama urged the U.S. media and American public on Friday to examine the “long record” of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and not get distracted by the “spectacle and the circus” aspect of the 2016 election campaign. The Democratic president delivered an indirect swipe at the flamboyant, combative Republican primary campaign run by Trump, a former reality television star, and how media have covered it. “It’s important for us to take seriously the statements he’s made in the past,” Obama said in remarks to reporters. “I just want to emphasize the degree to which we are in serious times and this is a really serious job. “This is not entertainment. This is not a reality show. This is a contest for the presidency of the United States.” He said Trump has a long record in public life and that should be closely examined, as should the statements and policy positions of all the candidates. “If they take a position on international issues that could threaten war or has the potential of upending our critical relationships with other countries, or would potential break the financial system - that needs to be reported on,” Obama said. Trump received criticism and angered allies with his comments on rethinking NATO and suggesting Japan and South Korea should consider getting nuclear weapons to defend themselves. He is perceived abroad as pursuing isolationist policies at odds with the current U.S. role in the world. Obama said he would be looking to see the American people are adequately informed about where candidates to replace him in the White House stand on issues, what they believe and whether their budget numbers add up. “What I’m concerned about is the degree to which reporting and information starts emphasizing the spectacle and the circus. Because that’s not something we can afford,” Obama said. “The American people, they’ve got good judgment, they’ve got good instincts - as long as they get good information.” ",1
9650,Former Republican presidential hopeful Graham: won't back Trump or Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator and former presidential hopeful Lindsey Graham said on Friday he could not in “good conscience” support Donald Trump for the presidency, but that he also would not back Democrat Hillary Clinton. “I absolutely will NOT support Hillary Clinton for President,” Graham said in a post on Twitter. “I also cannot in good conscience support Donald Trump because I do not believe he is a reliable Republican conservative.” ",1
9651,Japan ambassador takes veiled swipe at Trump's 'America First' stance,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Japan’s ambassador to the United States weighed in on the U.S. presidential election debate on Friday by arguing against the “America first” stance of Republican candidate Donald Trump and stressing the importance of the U.S.-Japan alliance. Without mentioning Trump by name, the envoy, Kenichiro Sasae, told a Washington forum Japan had come up unexpectedly in the election debate, showing that nothing could be taken for granted in terms of the long-standing alliance. “In the presidential elections, there are arguments whether the United States is going for the isolationist stance,” Sasae said. “I don’t want to see that kind of United States. “I want to see the United States to be strong and come with a strong robust position, not really thinking of the United States only,” he said. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election, has portrayed Japan, a long-time treaty ally of the United States, as a free-rider on security. He has suggested Tokyo might need nuclear weapons to ease U.S. financial commitment to its defense, anathema to the only country ever attacked by atomic bombs. Japan’s Minister for Regional Revitalization, Shigeru Ishiba, said comments by one candidate, who he said he would not name, were causing “a lot of concern in Japan.” Ishiba told the forum that if Japan or South Korea chose to develop nuclear weapons regional stability would suffer, and added: “I don’t think it will add to the U.S. interest.” “No matter who becomes the president, understanding the essence of the alliance, accurately grasping the international environment we have been placed in would lead, I am sure, to proper policies being implemented,” he added. Sasae said he understood there was a debate about how to make America strong, but added “the question is whether you could be strong without a proper role around the world.”  “It is important not to undermine ... one, the value of the U.S.-Japan alliance; two, the geopolitical implications of emerging or resurgent powers in the world; three, the capability  and strength of the United States.” Trump outlined a clear “America First” policy in a speech late last month, vowing that if he were elected president, U.S. allies in Europe and Asia would have to fend for themselves if they did not pay more for the U.S. defense umbrella. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Thursday Japan’s U.S. alliance was the foundation of Asian peace and prosperity and Tokyo hoped to be able to work with whoever becomes U.S. president. ",1
9652,Obama to deliver statement on the economy: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Friday will deliver a statement “on the economy and new steps to strengthen financial transparency and combat money laundering, corruption, and tax evasion,” the White House said. Obama is scheduled to make the remarks at 12:05 EDT (1605 GMT) at the White House, it said in a statement. ",1
9653,Republicans grapple with whether to back Trump for White House ,"(Reuters) - Republican lawmakers, operatives and donors grappled with whether to support Donald Trump, who effectively clinched his party’s presidential nomination this week after his two remaining rivals, Ted Cruz and John Kasich, dropped out of the White House race. As Trump sought to rally the fractured party behind him, many prominent Republicans got behind the reality TV star and real estate developer, while some weighed their options. Still others said they might vote in the Nov. 8 general election for Hillary Clinton, the likely Democratic nominee.  Bill Achtmeyer, the Boston-based founder of consulting firm Parthenon Group, was among those considering a possible vote for Clinton, a former secretary of state and former first lady.   “If she is able to move to the center and think as creatively and thoughtfully as her husband (Bill Clinton) did ... boy, I would have a very hard time, based on what I know today, not voting for Hillary versus what Trump is espousing,” said Achtmeyer, who has donated $200,000 to Republicans over the last decade. Another Republican donor, David Beightol, a Washington lobbyist who raised money this year for the presidential bid of former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, said he was leaning toward voting for Trump because he could not support Clinton. “I’m not there yet, but I don’t have a lot of choice,” Beightol said.  In most U.S. elections cycles, party insiders quickly coalesce around candidates once they have effectively sewn up the nomination. But Trump’s bombastic rhetoric, unorthodox campaign and his lack of experience in government have left the party divided. The New York billionaire has vowed to deport illegal immigrants and build a wall along the Mexican border. He has also said he would temporarily bar Muslims from entering the country as a way to combat terrorism. Republican former presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush do not plan to endorse anyone in the White House race this year, their spokesmen told Reuters. The party’s presidential nominee in 2012, Mitt Romney, will not attend the Republican National Convention in July, an aide said. The former Massachusetts governor delivered a blistering attack on Trump in March. The party’s 2008 nominee, U.S. Senator John McCain of Arizona, has said he would support the eventual nominee, “who is now presumptively Donald Trump,” said McCain’s Senate campaign spokeswoman, Lorna Romero.  But McCain told supporters in Arizona last month that having Trump at the top of the Republican ticket make his re-election harder, according a recording obtained by Politico. The state has a large Hispanic population. On Wednesday, fresh off the win in Indiana’s primary that drove both his rivals out of the race, Trump pledged to unify the party and said he was getting calls from people who had criticized him in the past but who now wanted to back him.Supporters of Trump, who has never held elective office,  said he could ease concerns about his lack of experience by choosing a well-known running mate. Representatives Scott DesJarlais of Tennessee and Chris Collins of New York both suggested former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.  Rice did not respond to a request for comment. Trump told CNBC on Thursday there was a 40 percent chance his vice presidential pick would be a former Republican presidential rival. Backers said Trump could mend ties with allies of Cruz, who had been his strongest challenger and had trumpeted himself as a true conservative, by meeting with lawmakers in person after a heated campaign in which Trump dubbed the U.S. senator from Texas “Lyin’ Ted.” Cruz’s supporters on Capitol Hill have ties to conservative activists and the Tea Party, groups that could help Trump raise money and turn out voters. DesJarlais said meeting Trump in person would improve their impressions of him. Representative Raul Labrador, a Cruz backer and conservative leader from Idaho, told a radio station that he saw Trump as favoring the political “establishment” even though he has run as an outsider. But he said Trump would likely appoint a conservative to the U.S. Supreme Court, a priority for many on the political right. “With Clinton, there is no chance,” Labrador said. “In my opinion, there’s just no choice between the two.” ",1
9654,Trump says Britain would be better off outside EU,"WASHINGTON/LONDON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Thursday he thought Britain would be better off out of the European Union, the opposite stance to that taken by his likely rival Hillary Clinton and by many political leaders around the world. Britons will vote in a referendum on June 23 on whether to leave the 28-member EU, a momentous decision with trade, investment, defense and political ramifications that stretch far beyond Britain’s borders. “I would say that they’re better off without it personally, but I’m not making that as a recommendation - just my feeling,” Trump said in an interview with Fox News television, adding that he wanted Britons to make their own decision. “I think the migration has been a horrible thing for Europe. A lot of that was pushed by the EU,” he said, without providing any specifics. Initial reaction to Trump’s comments, which went further than what he had previously said on the subject, was muted in Britain where the focus was on the incoming results of local and regional elections. Given Trump’s controversial statements and his negative image in the eyes of many Europeans, including Britons, it is not clear whether his endorsement would be good, bad or indifferent for Britain’s “Leave” campaign. A spokesman for the campaign declined to comment. U.S. President Barack Obama made a passionate intervention in the EU debate during a visit to London last month, saying EU membership magnified Britain’s role in the world and made it more prosperous. Obama warned Britons their country would find itself “in the back of the queue” for a trade deal with the United States if they voted to leave the EU. The “Remain” camp, led by Prime Minister David Cameron, has repeatedly said that none of Britain’s significant allies wants it to leave the bloc. On Thursday, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe became the latest foreign leader to say it would be better for Britain and its allies if it remained in the European club. After Obama’s intervention, the “Remain” campaign published an advertisement with side-by-side photos of Obama smiling and Trump with a distorted facial expression and a finger in the air.  The slogan read: “Obama thinks the UK is stronger in Europe. Trump thinks the UK should leave Europe. Whose side are you on?” The image suggested that the official “Remain” campaign viewed Trump as repellent to British voters. A spokesman for the campaign had no immediate comment on Friday. ",1
9655,Republican House Speaker Ryan not ready to support Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top elected Republican, Paul Ryan, said on Thursday he was not ready to endorse Donald Trump, a sign of the challenges the party’s presumptive presidential nominee faces rallying the Republican establishment behind his White House bid. Ryan, the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, said conservatives wanted to know if Trump shares their values. “I hope to support our nominee, I hope to support his candidacy fully,” Ryan said on CNN. “At this point, I’m just not there right now.” Trump, who has built a huge following with an anti-establishment message, shot back at Ryan in a statement. “I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan’s agenda. Perhaps in the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the American people,” he said. The Republican National Committee, under pressure to unify the party or face an electoral rout in the Nov. 8 election, said  Ryan and Trump were expected to meet soon. It added that “only a united Republican Party will be able to beat Hillary Clinton.” “We respect Speaker Ryan’s opinion and believe that since the primary ended early we will have time to unify. We anticipate the two meeting soon to begin to help unite the party,” said RNC spokeswoman Lindsay Walters. Trump’s last remaining rivals in the Republican race, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich, dropped out this week, clearing the New York billionaire’s path to be picked as the presidential nominee. He will likely face Clinton, the Democratic front-runner, in the Nov. 8 general election. Many Republicans have grappled this week with whether to support Trump, who has deviated from the party line on trade and upset the party establishment with offensive comments about women and immigrants. Trump on Thursday announced a new campaign finance chairman in response to questions about his readiness for a general election race. Trump, speaking to thousands at a rally in Charleston, West Virginia, on Thursday night, sharpened his criticism of Clinton, the kind of tactic that some Republican strategists believe will help unify the party. He blasted Clinton for saying recently she would impose clean-energy policies that would put coal miners out of business. He put on a hard hat presented to him by the state’s coal miners’ association and made a shoveling motion. “And for those miners, get ready: You’re going to be working your asses off,” he said. In a sign some Republicans are rallying around Trump, Nebraska Governor Pete Ricketts, whose family has helped bankroll the anti-Trump group Our Principles, is set to endorse Trump on Friday when the candidate visits Omaha. Former Texas Governor Rick Perry, who ran unsuccessfully for the 2016 nomination, told CNN he now supported Trump as well. Ryan criticized Trump in December for proposing to temporarily ban all Muslims from entering the United States and knocked him in March for failing to denounce white supremacist groups during a television interview. The House speaker, who was the running mate of Republican 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney, a harsh Trump critic, said he hoped the party would be unified by this summer but that the pressure was on Trump to do that. “He won fair and square,” Ryan said of Trump, acknowledging his own policy differences with the New York billionaire businessman. He added: “If we don’t unify all wings of the party, we’re not going to win this election.” Ryan repeatedly denied interest in running for president this year despite attempts to draft him by some in his party. He has been putting together a policy plan for House Republicans to campaign on, which he says will be released before the convention in July. Trump on Thursday began shifting focus from the bruising primary campaign to the general election. He has largely used his own money for his primary fight but plans to follow the more typical path of raising money from outside sources for the general election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama. He named his campaign finance chief on Thursday - Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs partner who is chief executive of private investment firm Dune Capital Management and with whom Trump worked in a business capacity in the past. Mnuchin has a long history of political donations, including to Clinton. Since 1998, Mnuchin has given about $71,000 to Democrats, compared with about $37,000 to Republicans. Republicans have questioned Trump’s loyalty to the party because he also donated to Democratic candidates in the past. U.S. Representative Renee Ellmers, a Republican from North Carolina who has endorsed Trump, told Reuters the campaign would begin raising money for the party. “They are going to start understanding and realizing that in order to grow this operation, they will need to grow funds, not only for him and for the campaign to beat Hillary Clinton, but  for the Republican Party itself,” Ellmers said.  Historically, political parties have depended on their nominees to raise money in order to fund their other operations, including working to elect members of the House of Representatives and Senate. One key worry for Republicans has been that their candidates for Congress and other elective positions could suffer with the divisive figure of Trump at the top of the ticket.  Ron Bonjean, a Republican strategist, said Ryan gave lawmakers in his party cover to steer clear of Trump in their re-election campaigns. “He is positioning the Republican conference and giving Republicans a message they can hold onto,” Bonjean said. ",1
9656,Trump says he will name possible Supreme Court nominees by July: Fox,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Thursday that before the party’s convention in July, he would put out names of possible candidates he might nominate to the Supreme Court if he is elected president. In an interview with Fox News, Trump said would consider “wonderful, conservative, good, solid, brilliant judges in the form of” the late Justice Antonin Scalia. “I’m going to actually lay them out. I’m going to discuss people ... I think before the convention. I want to put 10, 12, 15 names of the type of people that we’d like,” he said. “From that list, I would choose.” ",1
9657,Trump says not ready to support House speaker's agenda,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Thursday he was not ready to support the policy agenda being advanced by U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the nation’s top elected Republican, who said earlier he was not ready to endorse Trump. “I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan’s agenda,” Trump said in a statement. “Perhaps in the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the American people.” ",1
9658,FBI likely to interview Clinton soon in emails probe: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Bureau of Investigation is likely to interview Hillary Clinton in the next few weeks about her use of a private email server while she was U.S. secretary of state and have already interviewed some of her aides, CNN reported on Thursday. The nine-month investigation into whether laws were broken as a result of the server kept in her New York home has overshadowed Clinton’s campaign to become the Democratic Party’s candidate in November’s presidential election.  With only a few states left to vote in primary elections, she retains a commanding lead over her rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. More than 2,000 emails sent and received by Clinton while working as President Barack Obama’s top diplomat include classified information, which the government bans from being handled outside secure, government-controlled channels. Clinton has said she did not send or receive any information that was marked as classified and has accused the State Department and other government agencies of “over-classifying” her emails after a judge ordered them released to the public. She has said she expects to be exonerated by the FBI, a point her campaign staff echoed on Thursday. “We are confident the review will conclude that nothing inappropriate took place,” the campaign told CNN. David Kendall, Clinton’s lawyer, and Melanie Newman, a spokesperson for the U.S. Justice Department, which oversees the FBI, both declined to comment.   CNN said those interviewed included Huma Abedin, a senior aide to Clinton and the vice chairwoman of Clinton’s presidential campaign. Lawyers for Abedin and other Clinton aides did not respond to questions. The timeline in the CNN report appeared to contradict answers Clinton gave in an interview on Tuesday, in which she told MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell that neither she nor her representatives had yet been contacted by the FBI. Asked about this, Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon suggested the definition of words Mitchell used in her question were open to interpretation. “What does representatives mean to you, sir?” he said in an email, but declined to elaborate. Donald Trump, the Republican Party’s presumptive presidential nominee, and other Republicans have used the FBI inquiry to attack Clinton’s integrity.  “These FBI interviews are another reminder of the gross negligence Hillary Clinton displayed as Secretary of State,” Reince Priebus, the Republican National Committee chairman, said in a statement. ",1
9659,"Obama, Mexican president discuss immigration, anti-drugs fight: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto discussed immigration from Central America and the fight against heroin production during a phone call on Thursday, the White House said. “The leaders committed to continue working jointly to address irregular migration from Central America,” the White House said in a statement. “They also pledged to intensify collaboration between our countries to reduce the production and consumption of heroin.” ",1
9660,"Former Texas Gov. Perry endorses Trump, says open to running mate role: CNN","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has endorsed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and is open to being his running mate, CNN reported on Thursday. In September, Perry was the first member of the initially crowded Republican field to drop out of the 2016 White House race, following a failed bid in the 2012 race. The longest-serving governor in Texas history had languished near the bottom of the 17-strong Republican presidential pack since entering the current race in June.  Trump is now the last one left and the presumptive Republican nominee. ",1
9661,North Carolina lawmaker dismisses U.S. deadline to change bathroom law,"WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - Republican leaders in North Carolina on Thursday refused to back down from a law regulating which restrooms can be used by transgender people after the federal government told the state the law violated the U.S. Civil Rights Act.  The state’s leading Republican lawmaker, House Speaker Tim Moore, told reporters in Raleigh that North Carolina would not be “bullied” into meeting the U.S. Justice Department’s Monday deadline to change the law. North Carolina is the first U.S. state to pass a law requiring transgender people to use public bathrooms that correspond with the sex on their birth certificate instead of the gender with which they identify.  Republican legislators in several other states have proposed similar laws, making transgender rights a hot-button social issue in an election year. The Justice Department’s challenge is similarly unprecedented, though the agency has in the past intervened on behalf of transgender individuals who have alleged discrimination. The Republican National Committee urged state legislators in January to resist federal policies that allow transgender people to use restrooms of their choice at public schools. The Justice Department said in letters to North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory and other state officials on Wednesday that the state had until Monday to decided if it would stop discriminating against transgender state employees. McCrory affirmed his support for the “very common-sense rule” before a group of business leaders on Wednesday night but said he did not know if the state would fight the Justice Department. His office did not respond to questions on Thursday. If McCrory does not stand down from enforcing the law, the Justice Department’s civil rights division could push for a court order. If a federal judge sides with the agency, North Carolina would have to comply or face a reduction in federal funding.  On Thursday, Republican Senate leader Phil Berger’s spokeswoman, Amy Auth, said state lawyers were reviewing the letter. Berger on Wednesday said the department’s position represented “a gross overreach.”  North Carolina’s Secretary of Public Safety and officials at the University of North Carolina also received similar letters on Wednesday. Margaret Spellings, president of the University of North Carolina system, said her office would respond to the department’s letter by the deadline. “We take this determination seriously and will be conferring with the Governor’s Office, legislative leaders, and counsel about next steps,” she said. Justice Department spokeswoman Dena Iverson would not say whether the department would take legal action against the state.  The state law is being challenged in federal court by critics including the American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal, which advocates for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights. “We’ve never before seen a state do something as aggressive as require mandatory discrimination against its own transgender employees,” said Peter Renn, an attorney with Lambda Legal, in a phone interview with Reuters.  Jillian Weiss, an attorney who has argued in federal court for transgender rights, said the Justice Department’s action against North Carolina showed the federal government was willing to intervene when states passed laws reducing rights based on gender identity and sexual orientation.  Weiss predicts Mississippi, where a law allowing businesses to refuse service to gay people takes effect in July, will be the department’s next target. ",1
9662,Senators urge regulators to ID vehicles with possible faulty Takata air bags,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. Senators urged auto safety regulators to publicly name the makes and models of tens of millions of vehicles with potentially faulty Takata air bag inflators, according to a letter made public late on Thursday. “There may still be 50 million airbags installed in vehicles whose owners not only have no idea, but also no way to find out, that they are driving a car containing potentially lethal airbags,” wrote Senators Ed Markey, a Massachusetts Democrat and Richard Blumenthal, a Connecticut Democrat. On Wednesday, the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) confirmed the Japanese air bag manufacturer would declare between 35 million and 40 million additional inflators defective by 2019, which will prompt automakers to recall vehicles with the inflators. The 50 million inflators that could still be recalled include 27 million side air bags and 23 million frontal air bag inflators. As part of a November agreement with NHTSA, those vehicles must also be recalled by 2019 unless Takata can prove they are safe. Takata must issue five separate defect reports starting May 16 and ending in 2019. Takata said the first report will cover 14 million of the 35 million to 40 million inflators being recalled. The second report is not due until Dec. 31 and subsequent reports are due in 2017, 2018 and 2019. NHTSA spokesman Bryan Thomas said automakers “will provide the information about the models and makes in the coming weeks.” He did not directly respond to the senators demands on the inflators that have not yet been recalled.  Takata spokesman Jared Levy declined to comment. The senators want NHTSA to release regular updates regarding testing data on Takata airbags and their failure rates. To date, 14 automakers have recalled 28.8 million Takata inflators in about 24 million vehicles. Three additional automakers are part of the expansion. The latest recall means all Takata ammonium nitrate-based driver and passenger frontal air bag inflators without a chemical drying agent, known as a desiccant, will be recalled. But 23 million Takata frontal air bags with a desiccant have not been recalled. When exposed to moisture, ammonium nitrate, which is used to inflate the air bag, can cause the inflator to rupture with deadly force, spraying shrapnel into vehicle occupants. The defect is linked to at least 11 deaths and more than 100 injuries worldwide since 2008. Takata said it is not aware of any ruptures in the inflators in the vehicles that are part of recall announced Wednesday. ",1
9663,Illinois Senate votes for $454 million higher-education package,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - For the second time in two weeks, the Illinois Senate moved to loosen the financial death grip on the state’s higher education system, which has been starved of operating revenue by a record-setting, 11-month state budget stalemate. The Senate on Thursday overwhelmingly approved and sent to the House of Representatives a $454 million spending package for eight public universities, community colleges and low-income students dependent on Monetary Award Program grants. The bipartisan move, which could stave off mass layoffs at several state universities, builds on a $600 million, higher-education appropriation that Republican Governor Bruce Rauner signed on April 25. Thursday’s action also represents another encouraging break in the state’s acrimonious budget fight between the governor and Democrats, who control the state legislature, as they face a scheduled legislative adjournment at the end of May. “We have since found more dollars which we can appropriate to our universities to make them more competitive, to make them more viable and to give them a bridge going forth into the 2017 budget,” said state Senator Donne Trotter, a Chicago Democrat and a sponsor of Thursday’s legislation. The latest appropriation was supported financially by companion legislation that passed the Senate on Thursday authorizing Rauner’s administration not to repay $454 million borrowed from state special-purpose funds during the 2015 fiscal year. Without legislative action, that amount would have had to be repaid June 30 from the state’s main operational fund. The approach drew isolated claims of budgetary sleight of hand during floor debate. “This is ridiculous, swapping money from one pocket to another, saying you have it when you don’t,” said state Senator Kyle McCarter, a Republican from Lebanon, Illinois, a rural enclave nearly 300 miles southwest of Chicago. The Senate-passed legislation cannot be acted on by the House until Tuesday at the earliest when that legislative chamber is scheduled to reconvene. The respite for the state’s higher-education system comes after its community colleges received rating downgrades and  negative outlooks by Moody’s Investors Service in recent weeks, and Chicago State University had faced the threat of possible closure. ",1
9664,Michigan lawmakers push forward $500 mln package for Detroit schools,"(Reuters) - The Michigan House of Representatives approved on Thursday a $500 million spending package for Detroit’s cash-strapped schools, which could run out of money to pay employees at the end of June. The legislation, which still needs approvals from the state Senate and Governor Rick Snyder, was passed early Thursday morning after hundreds of Detroit teachers called in sick over paycheck concerns. The move closed nearly all of the district’s 97 schools on Monday and Tuesday.  Detroit school teachers returned to their classrooms on Wednesday following the “sick-out” after receiving assurances from officials that they will be paid for their work. The Detroit public school system, or DPS, has nearly 46,000 students. It has been under state control since 2009 because of a financial emergency. “This is the right plan to fix Detroit’s schools and give the city a good, working school system for the long term,” said House Speaker Kevin Cotter in a statement. The DPS, the state’s largest public school system, will run out of money to pay employees after the fiscal year ends on June 30, the school system’s state-appointed transition manager, former federal bankruptcy Judge Steven Rhodes, has said. The spending package, which provides $500 million in aid to the school district, is less than the $715 million requested by Republican Governor Snyder and approved by the Republican-controlled Senate as part of a different plan. In a joint statement, the leaders of the city, state and national teachers’ unions called the legislation “some of the most despicable anti-student, anti-public school, anti-teacher provisions we’ve seen in America.” They called on Snyder to veto the bill passed by the Republican-controlled House if it reached his desk. Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan, a Democrat, said in a statement that previous state Senate bills aimed at funding the schools were “a thoughtful attempt,” but the House legislation will repeat past mistakes that included a lack of clear planning. Republican state Senator Goeff Hansen, lead negotiator on the Senate bills, said in a statement he had serious concerns with many aspects of the House legislation, but would work toward a bipartisan solution that he said must include compromise. Hansen spokesman Peter Wills said in an email that a schedule for reconciling the Senate and House bills has not been set. Rhodes called the passage of the legislation “an important step in the right direction” and said he supported talks between the House and Senate to resolve their differences. ",1
9665,"Trump's taco tweet baffles, riles social media users"," NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump celebrated Cinco de Mayo on Thursday by tweeting a photo of himself with a taco bowl and the caption: “I love Hispanics,” but the gesture was not to everyone’s taste.  ""Happy #CincoDeMayo!"" tweeted Trump (@realDonaldTrump). ""The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!""  Cinco de Mayo commemorates the Mexican defeat of the French during the Battle of Puebla in 1862.  The posting angered, baffled or amused some social media users, including Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton, Trump’s likely opponent in the Nov. 8 election.  ""'I love Hispanics!' —Trump, 52 minutes ago,"" Clinton (@HillaryClinton) tweeted. ""'They’re gonna be deported.' —Trump, yesterday.""  Trump has struggled to gain the support of Latino voters since launching his presidential campaign last year with comments accusing Mexico of sending rapists and drug runners across the U.S. border.  He has also vowed to deport all the illegal immigrants living in the United States and build a wall along the border with Mexico and have that country pay for it.  “Trump Tower Grill” began trending on the microblogging platform after Trump’s tweet, as social media users weighed in on the post.  ""Trump sources confirm that in fact, Mexico paid for the taco salad,"" tweeted Tom Watson (@tomwatson).  Others found the tweet offensive and argued it relied heavily on crude stereotyping.  “Now officially waiting for a photo of Trump eating some Church’s Chicken (or Bojangles) with a thumbs up and a ‘I love the blacks!’ [caption]” tweeted Slate chief political correspondent Jamelle Bouie (@jbouie).  ""Trump and matzah ball soup on Jewish New Year... You can count on it,"" tweeted Harry Enten (@ForecasterEnten).  ",1
9666,Jacobs Technology awarded $427 million contract: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Jacobs Technology Inc was awarded a $427 million contract related to threat/target systems for warfighter training, the Pentagon said on Thursday. The company, a unit of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc, was the only one to compete for the contract to provide “test and evaluation/training threat/target systems for warfighter training and debriefing systems,” the Pentagon said in a statement. ",1
9667,House Speaker Ryan says he is not ready to endorse Trump: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he is not ready to support or endorse Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. “I’m just not ready to do that at this point. I’m not there right now,” Ryan, a Republican, said in an interview with CNN.  Ryan, who added he hoped to support Trump’s candidacy, was making his first public comments since Trump’s Republican primary rivals dropped out of the race for the White House this week. ",1
9668,Not over yet: Reid cautions Democrats relishing Trump election battle,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For some Democrats, Donald Trump may seem to be a gift - set to steer Republicans into a trainwreck election in November - but senior Democrat Harry Reid said on Thursday he worried people might be too confident.  “Am I concerned about it? Of course I am,” the U.S. Senate Democratic leader said in a conference call with reporters.  “I think this race could be a debacle for the Republicans,” Reid added. “But I’m not taking anything for granted. I’m not being over confident.” Trump effectively clinched the Republican presidential nomination for the Nov. 8 election this week after a primary battle that angered many - including in his own party’s establishment - for his bombastic style and proposals such as building a wall along the southern U.S. border to keep out Mexicans.  Some Democrats believe that divisive style makes him an easier opponent than some of the other 16 Republicans who started out in the race. Trump’s Democratic opponent will likely be former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Reid, who is retiring from the Senate after this year, used his position as the Senate’s Democratic leader in 2012 to aggressively attack then-Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney. During a teleconference to discuss Trump and Republican opposition to Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland, Reid made clear that he will perform in a similar role against Trump. “By nominating Trump, I guess it’s the natural evolution of a party that’s spent eight years defining itself entirely on what it’s against: anti-immigrant, anti-woman,...anti-Obama, anti-working people,” said the senator from Nevada. Reid, who has called Trump a “monster,” said there should be a closer look at Trump’s business dealings and called on the real estate developer to open up his tax records. Reid recalled some of his own campaigns in his political career that were lost or won by razor-thin margins, adding, “I can speak from personal experience. You cannot be over-confident.” ",1
9669,"Clinton calls Trump a 'loose cannon,' risky choice for president","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton took quick aim at presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump on Wednesday, saying the United States should not take a risk on an unreliable candidate. “He is a loose cannon, and loose cannons tend to misfire,” Clinton said in an interview with CNN, citing Trump stances including an allegation that climate change was a Chinese hoax.  Clinton, a former secretary of state, said Trump would have to offer policy specifics in ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election and criticized him for his positions on issues including nuclear weapons and abortion. “He makes these grand statements and grand accusations,” Clinton said of the real estate magnate and former reality TV star. “At some point when you’re running for president, you actually have to put a little meat on the bones. You’ve got to tell people what it is you’re going to do and how you’re going to do it.” Clinton lost the Democratic primary contest in Indiana on Tuesday but still looks set to win her party’s nomination, leading her rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, by more than 800 delegates. Trump’s win in Indiana on Tuesday pushed his rivals out of the race and left him as the presumptive nominee. In a preview of the likely general election battle, Clinton laughed when asked if she was ready to take on Trump, saying: “Oh, please.” “This is to me a classic case of a blustering, bullying guy who has knocked out of the way all the Republicans because they were just dumbfounded,” she said. Clinton said she knew how to run a campaign against Trump and took a swipe at Trump’s 16 Republican presidential rivals who started out in the 2016 campaign. “They didn’t know how to deal with him,” Clinton said. “They couldn’t take him on the issues because they basically agreed with them. And they didn’t know how to counterpunch.” Asked how “scorched-earth” the campaign was likely to be, she replied: “You know, he’s the one making that decision. ... He’s the one who’s run the campaign insulting people, demeaning women, degrading people with disabilities, talking about keeping Muslims out of the country, he’s the one that’s been running that kind of very negative, aggressive, bullying campaign. “I’m going to keep staying on the kind of campaign I’m running,” she said. ",1
9670,White House says Congress has no reason to wait until after Nov election to take up TPP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Thursday said that it sees no reason to wait until after the Nov. 8 presidential election for Congress to take up discussions on the Trans-Pacific Partnership “There’s no reason we need to wait that long, particularly when you consider that ratifying the Trans-Pacific Partnership would hasten the end to 18,000 taxes that other countries impose on American goods,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters at the daily briefing.   ",1
9671,Republican Trump's new finance chair previously donated to Democrats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump named a national finance chairman for his presidential campaign on Thursday, picking an investor with little experience in campaigns but a long history of political donations, including to Trump’s likely Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. Steven Mnuchin, a former partner at Goldman Sachs who now works in entertainment financing, is chairman and CEO of private investment firm Dune Capital Management LP. He is taking one of the first high-profile jobs in the campaign that Trump has filled. Trump, a real estate developer who this week became the presumptive Republican presidential nominee for the November election, worked with Mnuchin in a business capacity before, the campaign said. Since 1998, Mnuchin has given about $71,000 to Democrats and their associated committees, compared to about $37,000 to Republicans.  Since Hillary Clinton’s campaign to be elected to the U.S. Senate in 2000, Mnuchin donated $7,400 to Clinton, according to the Federal Election Commission. He also gave $10,000 to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee in 2004. More recently, Mnuchin donated to Republicans, including $22,500 in 2012 to Mitt Romney’s joint fundraising committee and another $4,800 to the former Republican nominee’s campaign. His history of donations to Democrats may well add to distaste for Trump among some establishment Republicans who have opposed the billionaire’s rise to likely presidential nominee on the grounds his proposals are not truly Republican. Trump said on Wednesday he will begin to raise money for his general election bid after self-funding a majority of his primary campaign. Fundraising will require a balance, especially since much of Trump’s campaign message has rested on his refusal to raise money and his decision to self-fund his campaign during the party nominating contests. Historically, political parties have depended on the ability of their nominee to raise money in order to fund their other operations, including working to elect members of the House and Senate.  Trump said he will work closely with the Republican National Committee - which already has a fundraising operation - to help both his own campaign and those of other members of the party for the Nov. 8 election.     U.S. Representative Chris Collins of New York, who was the first lawmaker to endorse Trump, said the move to start raising money will help bring the party together. “You’ll see that pivot to the general election, which is uniting the party, and fundraising is a very big part of uniting the party, with the influence money has in elections these days,” Collins told Reuters in an interview. ",1
9672,Scottish isle a world away from fireworks of native son Trump,"ISLE OF LEWIS, Scotland (Reuters) - Donald Trump has played up his family roots from Lewis, an island off the northwestern tip of Scotland, but his success in the U.S. Republican presidential battle has not drawn the kind of rapture the billionaire might like from his home crowd. Trump’s mother, Mary Anne MacLeod, emigrated to the United States from the Lewis village of Tong in the early 1930s, and a visit from her property mogul son would certainly interest the friendly inhabitants of this weather-beaten isle.  But the kind of fiery oratory that has catapulted him to unexpected victories in the U.S. primaries might be taken with a pinch of salt, according to Tim Durbin, manager of the post office in the capital Stornoway. “People here like proof and anything less than that is suspect,” said Durbin, a 43-year-old American originally from Kentucky who has lived here for a decade. “There would certainly be lots of talk about him after he left, but the talk would be subdued and the laughter would be gentle.”  The islanders’ wariness is apparent when the New Yorker’s name is mentioned; many smile politely and refuse to talk about him at all, making it difficult to gauge sentiment among the 20,000-strong population.  But even such silence is significant in a place of strong community ties, according to critically-acclaimed Lewis novelist Kevin MacNeil. “If people from Lewis were genuinely supportive of Trump they would be more vocal in their views,” he said. “The lack of support for a grandson of the island speaks volumes.” An exception is a Facebook page called “Isle of Lewis supports Trump for President” which has 84 “likes”. The businessman has become the presumptive Republican nominee with a headline-grabbing campaign in which he has traded insults with rivals. A suggestion Muslims should be banned from entering the United States drew criticism from Europe and led to the withdrawal of Scottish business and academic accolades. Trump argued last month, in a column in Aberdeen’s Press and Journal newspaper, that he had won over the skeptical people of Scotland through tenaciousness after he built his golf course despite environmental hurdles, local opposition and lawsuits. “Scotland has already been won – and so will the United States,” he wrote.  Trump called his Scottish business project a “labor of love” and his Trump International Golf Links website has a section dedicated to his Scots’ family genealogy.  “It would be funny if Trump won. It might boost tourism,” said Donald, a Lewis pensioner living near the MacLeod family seat. “But only for a while,” interjected his wife Anne, with the caution habitual of the island. The couple recalled that Trump’s mother would visit from the United States in the summer, and Trump’s millionaire father Fred would ship over a Cadillac to carry her around the marshy island during her stay. “You’d end up in the ditch if you were trying to drive past them, I remember that,” said Donald with a laugh. Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides island chain, is a picturesque place, dotted with lakes, hills and open tracts of moor and almost devoid of trees. A freezing gust can whip your breath away or a warm breeze can surprise you with its gentleness.  Trump stopped for a brief visit in 2008, jetting in on his private plane when he was trying to launch a golf business near Aberdeen in mainland Scotland and holding a news conference.  He has not returned since, although he has visited Scotland several times and runs two golf courses on the mainland, one in Ayrshire and another in Aberdeenshire.  He was then offered the possibility of an investment in Lews (sic) Castle, a run-down Victorian country house in Stornoway built by another millionaire, Sir James Matheson, when he bought the island in the mid-19th century. “He just didn’t think he was going to make any money out of it. He knows his roots are here but he’s more interested in his golf investments elsewhere,” said council official Nigel Scott.     People are not easily swayed in Lewis, where strong bonds between neighbors and family are necessary to withstand the harshness of rural life, said Calum Iain Macleod a Presbyterian minister from the parish where Mary Anne MacLeod was born. “When the Atlantic is throwing a force 10 and you can barely stand and your windows are caked with salt, it is extreme and it is tough,” he said. “Being on this island where The Minch separates you from the center of gravity, you feel more vulnerable,” he said, referring to a strait that separates the Outer Hebrides from the mainland. The influence of the Church itself, which is well-attended, also makes for a tranquil place. Sundays are still almost entirely commerce-free and pubs and hotels which serve alcohol are very few, in contrast to the rest of Britain. Trump’s desire to recall his historic Scottish roots may have another purpose, suggests novelist MacNeil. “Perhaps he simply wants a Scotland-shaped mirror to reflect back his own perceived glory.” ",1
9673,"Automakers, states urge White House to reject plan to open spectrum","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than 50 automakers, state transportation agencies and other groups urged the White House and other federal policymakers on Thursday not to open a portion of the wireless spectrum reserved for connected vehicles in the near future. The letter was signed by major auto trade groups representing nearly the entire auto industry, including Toyota Motor Corp, Ford Motor Co, General Motors Co, Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) and Honda Motor Co. It came a week after a cable industry trade group and some tech companies, including Qualcomm Inc, and public interest groups urged the White House to take quick action to open the spectrum to more wireless devices. Automakers and companies seeking to use the 5.9 GHz unlicensed spectrum band for wireless devices have been sparring for several years. In January, U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx sent a proposed regulation to the White House that would require all new cars to be equipped with “vehicle-to-vehicle” technology that could eventually prevent up to 80 percent of crashes in which alcohol is not a factor. The proposal will not be final until approved by the White House and opened for public comment. The technology, which involves cars repeatedly sending wireless signals to each other, could help alert drivers if an oncoming vehicle may disregard a traffic light. It can detect threats from hundreds of yards away and indicate whether  vehicles can, for example, pass safely or make a left turn. “One of the most – if not the most – significant advances in vehicle safety is now coming into existence. We urge you to stay the course and complete the action your administration has undertaken to improve the safety of drivers and passengers on America’s roadways,” said the letter, signed by the auto and auto parts trade groups as well as the Michigan, California and Arizona state transportation departments and the National Safety Council and National Sheriffs Association. Automakers say vehicle-to-vehicle technology could also help speed self-driving cars to the roads. Last week in a separate letter to the Obama administration, the National Cable and Telecommunications Association and other groups said the president needs to act quickly because as connected device use “continues to skyrocket, the spectrum resources that power our devices are perilously insufficient.” The groups urged speedy action. “We must act now to find more unlicensed spectrum,” they wrote. Michael Calabrese, director for wireless policy at New America’s Open Technology Institute, said the “auto industry ignores the fact that their unused band has enough spectrum to deploy – and protect – both crash avoidance safety applications and next generation Wi-Fi.” Dave Sullivan, an analyst at AutoPacific, said automakers have a lot at stake and have made significant investments in the technology. “It’s imperative that this spectrum not be encroached on,” he said. In 1999, the Federal Communications Commission allocated 75 megahertz of spectrum in the 5.9 GHz band for highway safety. But critics say the technology has not progressed much beyond the testing phase. FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler, U.S. Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker and Foxx agreed in January to conduct testing on whether the spectrum can be shared with wireless devices. The government officials said it is “imperative to ensure the future automotive safety and efficiency of the traveling public” that testing be completed before they make any decisions on sharing the spectrum. ",1
9674,Trump signals willingness to raise U.S. minimum wage," (This version of the story corrects the figure for the current minimum wage to $7.25 from $15 in paragraph two) WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, said on Wednesday he was “open to doing something” with the country’s minimum wage, but added that any increase would have to be weighed against a potential loss of competitiveness. “I’m open to doing something with it,” Trump said in an interview with CNN, adding that he did not like the current $7.25 an hour level. “I mean you have to something that you can live on.” “But what I really do like is bring our jobs back, so they’re making much more than the 15 dollars” an hour, he added. ",1
9675,"U.S. tech firms urge presidential candidates to embrace trade, high-tech visas","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Thirteen U.S. industry groups representing technology companies  Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), Uber Technologies Inc, Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Facebook Inc (FB.O) and others are pushing for the next U.S. president to support the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal and to make it easier to hire high-tech workers from abroad, according to a joint letter seen by Reuters. Ahead of the Republican and Democratic conventions in July, the tech industry plans to issue on Wednesday an open letter charting a dozen policy recommendations for the candidates running in the Nov. 8 presidential election. The groups are not aligning themselves with either of the two major political parties. Backing for the TPP runs counter to positions taken by presumptive Republican candidate Donald Trump and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. Trump has made criticism of international trade agreements and a call for tougher immigration policies central themes of his campaign.  In a Republican debate in March the billionaire real estate developer shied away from arguing against more H-1B visas for skilled foreign workers, saying he was “softening the position because we need to have talented people in this country.” Clinton has not said if she would try to renegotiate TPP, which was signed in February but has not yet got congressional approval. She has said she supports expanding the number of visas for high-skilled workers. Silicon Valley has struggled to notch policy wins in recent years on its legislative priorities, including immigration and patent reform, though the tech industry has succeeded in strengthening net neutrality protections and curtailing some government surveillance programs. The coalition letter, signed by groups including the Internet Association, Telecommunications Industry Association and Information Technology Industry Council, is the first time a wide range of technology trade organizations have staked out a common platform during a presidential campaign, according to a person familiar with its writing. The platform also calls for “narrowly targeted government access to user data” and recognition of encryption as a “critical security tool.” Trump has urged the restoration of the National Security Agency’s (NSA) bulk collection of U.S. phone records, saying that U.S. authorities should err on the side of protecting national security over privacy concerns. Trump also urged a boycott of Apple during the company’s high-profile clash earlier this year with the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation over unlocking an encrypted iPhone linked to a San Bernardino, California gunman. Clinton has supported some reforms to the NSA and has said a balance needs to be found between privacy and security in the encryption debate. The letter also calls for preventing censorship online by limiting unreasonable third-party liability for speech, support for the sharing economy, and an updated and simplified tax code, among other issues. Signatories also include Allied for Startups, BSA The Software Alliance, Computing Technology Industry Association, Computer & Communications Industry Association, Consumer Technology Association, Semiconductor Industry Association, Silicon Valley Leadership Group, Software & Information Industry Association, Technology CEO Council and TechNet. ",1
9676,Trump wants to help U.S. businesses by lifting slew of regulations: CNBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump outlined economic policy initiatives on Thursday that he would pursue if elected to the White House in November, including refinancing longer-term U.S. debt, lowering taxes and scrapping a slew of federal regulations. The Manhattan real estate mogul said his aim would be to clear the way for U.S. businesses to succeed. “We’re lowering taxes very substantially and we’re going to be getting rid of a tremendous amount of regulations,” Trump said in a wide-ranging interview with CNBC. “The business people they talk about regulation more than they talk about taxes,” he said. Trump’s path to the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election became clear after a decisive primary victory in Indiana on Tuesday forced his two remaining rivals, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich, to drop out of the race. The candidate, who has never held elective office, has been pressed to provide more details on policy proposals. On Wednesday, he said he was “open to doing something” with the country’s minimum wage, but that any increase would have to be weighed against a potential loss of competitiveness. In the CNBC interview, the billionaire said he supported low interest rates for now and believed the United States should try to refinance some of its debt to help pay for infrastructure repairs. “I would refinance debt. I think we should refinance longer-term debt,” Trump said. Trump has experience in restructuring his business debt,  including two of his Atlantic City casino companies, and said he has been successful on that front.  Trump told CNBC he would not renegotiate U.S. bonds but would buy back at discounts, depending where interest rates are. “Part of the problem is when a lot of this debt comes due,  what happens if the rates are high and we have no budget that can even conceivably take care of this,” Trump said. If interest rates go up just 1 percent, Trump said, it would be devastating for the economy. “I think there are times for us to refinance, refinance debt with longer term,” he said. “Because you know we owe so much money. Nobody talks about it - nobody talks about it until the bubble pops. And the bubble could pop, and it could pop and it could be ugly.” Trump also warned about the downside of a strong U.S. dollar. “I love the concept of a strong dollar, in many respects obviously I like a strong dollar. But when you look at the havoc that a strong dollar causes,” he said on CNBC. “While there are certain benefits, it sounds better to have a strong dollar than in actuality it is.” ",1
9677,"UK PM Cameron says Trump policy on Muslims is wrong, will not apologize","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister David Cameron said on Thursday he would not apologize to Donald Trump after he became the Republican party’s presumptive presidential candidate for calling his proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States stupid and wrong. Cameron made the comment about Trump after the reality TV star and real estate developer vowed last December to ban all Muslims from entering the United States if he succeeded in his bid to become the next U.S. president. “I won’t change that view and I don’t change that view and I’m very clear that the policy idea that was put forward was wrong, is wrong and will remain wrong, so I’m very clear about that,” Cameron told reporters when asked if he would now apologize.  However, Cameron did pay tribute to Trump for effectively clinching his party’s nomination this week after the departure of his two remaining rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich. “Knowing the grueling nature of the primaries and what you have to go through, anyone who makes it through that extraordinary contest to lead their party into a general election deserves our respect,” he said. ",1
9678,Trump's deportation plan could slice 2 percent off U.S. GDP: study,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s vow to round up and deport all of America’s undocumented immigrants if he is elected president could shrink the economy by around 2 percent, according to a study to be released on Thursday by conservative think tank the American Action Forum.     The research adds to concerns about the Republican presidential nominee’s policy proposals, which range from tearing up international trade agreements to building a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico.     About 6.8 million of the more than 11 million immigrants living in the United States illegally are employed, according to government statistics. Removing them would cause a slump of $381.5 billion to $623.2 billion in private sector output, the Washington-based non-profit said in its analysis.     The study added that removing those workers could leave potentially millions of jobs unfilled due to a lack of legal workers willing to do them. Industries with the highest share of undocumented workers include farming, construction and hospitality, according to the research. “The things Donald Trump has said are utterly unworkable,” said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, the forum’s president, and the top economic adviser to Senator John McCain’s 2008 presidential campaign.     Asked about the study on Thursday, Trump said he thought the analysts misunderstood his immigration policy, adding he wanted people to come into the country if they came “through the system.” “I saw that report and they don’t even have it right,” Trump said in an interview on CNBC. “We certainly don’t want to shrink our economy.”     Trump, who effectively locked up the Republican nomination this week, has called for the deportation of anyone living in the United States illegally, arguing foreign workers hold down salaries and contribute to unemployment.     That position has drawn strong opposition from business leaders like the conservative billionaire Koch brothers as well as from human rights advocates. Trump has further angered opponents by saying Mexico was sending rapists and drug dealers to the United States, and by calling for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country to shore up national security.      But his hard-line stance on immigration also has triggered strong support among many U.S. voters.     Some 52.6 percent of respondents to a Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted in September said they want to see most or all undocumented immigrants deported, compared with 34.6 percent who want to see most or all of them stay.     The American Action Forum analysis used data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics to estimate the value of the output from undocumented immigrants.     The study did not factor in potential impacts of mass deportations on consumption, investment and other economic factors, the group said.     The U.S. economy is projected to produce some $18.7 trillion worth of goods and services in 2016, according to the International Monetary Fund. A loss of $400 billion in output would amount to about 2 percent of that figure. ",1
9679,Senator McCain says Trump would hurt own re-election bid: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator John McCain told supporters in Arizona last month that having Donald Trump on the Republican presidential ticket would hurt his own re-election bid in Arizona, a state with a large Hispanic population, Politico reported on Thursday. “If Donald Trump is at the top of the ticket, here in Arizona, with over 30 percent of the vote being the Hispanic vote, no doubt that this may be the race of my life,” McCain said, according to a recording of the event obtained by the news outlet.  Trump has alienated many Hispanics with his harsh rhetoric on immigration, including vowing to build a wall at the U.S. border with Mexico and calling some immigrants rapists. McCain was the Republican Party’s 2008 presidential nominee.  ",1
9680,Trump says he wouldn't bail out Puerto Rico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would not bail out Puerto Rico if he were in the White House. Asked in an interview with CNN what he would do to help the U.S. commonwealth, Trump said “No, I would not bail out Puerto Rico,” saying it had too much debt. Puerto Rico’s Government Development Bank on Monday defaulted on a $422 million debt payment. The government faces $70 billion in debt overall, a 45-percent poverty rate and a shrinking population. It owes another $1.9 billion on July 1 that Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says it cannot pay. ",1
9681,"Trump supporters see Iraqi, Syrian refugees as major threat: report","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Supporters of Donald Trump, the presumptive U.S. Republican presidential nominee, see refugees arriving from Iraq and Syria as one of the greatest threats to the United States, according to a study released on Thursday by the Pew Research Center. Eighty-five percent of respondents who said they supported Trump saw the refugees fleeing the Islamic State militant group as a threat, compared with 74 percent of Republicans overall, said the study. Only 40 percent of Democrats viewed the refugees from the region as a major threat.  Trump’s campaign said in a statement last December that he was “calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what is going on.” His comments followed fatal attacks in Paris claimed by Islamic State and a deadly shooting spree in San Bernardino, California, by a Muslim couple who the FBI said had been radicalized. U.S. President Barack Obama’s promise to admit 10,000 Syrian refugees by the end of the year has sparked a backlash from Republicans, concerned that violent militants could come into the United States posing as refugees. More than 30 governors have tried to block refugees from their states. There are nearly 5 million registered Syrian refugees according to the United Nations, a result of a war in which more than 250,000 people have been killed.  The Pew report, based mostly on telephone interviews with about 2,000 U.S. adults from April 12 to 19, found that 65 percent of Trump supporters also saw the U.S. involvement in the global economy in a negative light. There were also contradictions among Americans when asked about U.S. defense spending and foreign military action. Although 35 percent of all respondents said they were in support of increasing defense spending, the highest level of support since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, almost 60 percent said other countries should deal with their own problems.  Respondents overall saw Islamic State as the top foreign policy concern, followed by cyber attacks and global economic instability, according to the report.  ",1
9682,Judge says Clinton may have to testify in email lawsuit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A federal judge in Washington on Wednesday ordered that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton may have to testify in a lawsuit related to the private email server she used while secretary of state.  U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan said the parties in the case, the State Department and conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch, also struck an agreement about the scope of the testimonies that some of Clinton’s former top aides will give in the case. Those testimonies, known as discovery, will take place over the next eight weeks and may yield information that would require Clinton herself to be deposed, Sullivan said in an order.  Clinton has come under fire for using a private email account and server at her home in New York state for official emails when she was America’s top diplomat between 2009 and 2013.  Critics, including likely Republican presidential election rival Donald Trump, say she endangered government secrets and evaded transparency laws but the former first lady denies any wrongdoing. Judicial Watch brought a lawsuit against the State Department to gain access to records related to a Clinton aide’s employment. The Federal Bureau of Investigation is also probing her email arrangement. “This is a very great victory for transparency and, despite the best efforts of the Obama administration and the Clinton camp, it looks like we might finally get some answers under oath about the Clintons’ illicit email system,” said Tom Fitton, president of Judicial Watch.        Sullivan gave Judicial Watch permission to take testimony from close Clinton aide Huma Abedin and others. They may be asked about the creation and operation of the private server but nothing unrelated to “whether State conducted an adequate search” in response to Judicial Watch’s request for the emails, according to the court order.  It is not typical for a judge to grant discovery to a plaintiff in a Freedom of Information Act case, but Sullivan said in the order that the question remained whether the State Department provided all relevant documents to Judicial Watch.  ",1
9683,Pot legalization supporters launch California ballot campaign,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Supporters of a drive to legalize recreational marijuana for adults in California said on Wednesday they had collected more than enough signatures to qualify the measure for the November ballot, formally launching their campaign to win over voters. Democratic Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom, leading a coalition of supporters that includes billionaire high-tech entrepreneur Sean Parker, said the campaign had gathered some 600,000 petition signatures, well above the 365,880 minimum required. The signatures must still be officially certified by state election officials, but “you can rest assured this will be on the November ballot,” Newsom told a San Francisco news conference to kick off efforts to build voter support for the initiative. The initiative, dubbed the Adult Use of Marijuana Act, would allow an individual aged 21 or older to possess and use as much as an ounce of marijuana for private recreational use, and permit personal cultivation of as many as six marijuana plants. The measure would also establish a system to license, regulate and tax sales of marijuana, while allowing city governments to exercise local control over or disallow commercial distribution within their borders. Opinion polls show attitudes have shifted more in favor of liberalized marijuana laws since California voters defeated a recreational cannabis initiative in 2010. California led the way in legalizing marijuana for medical purposes in 1996, with 22 other states and the District of Columbia following suit, although cannabis remains classified as an illegal narcotic under U.S. law. Voters in four states - Colorado, Washington, Oregon and Alaska - plus the District of Columbia, have gone a step further since 2012 in permitting recreational use for adults.   Opponents of liberalized marijuana laws have argued that such measures carry major public safety risks and would make pot more accessible to youngsters. But supporters of the California initiative said the measure included a number of provisions aimed at keeping marijuana out of the hands of minors, including a ban on marketing to children, explicit warning labels on cannabis products and safe-packaging restrictions. They also said hundreds of millions of dollars in state tax revenue from pot sales would be earmarked for substance abuse prevention and treatment, law enforcement and research.  One key organization backing the latest ballot measure is the NAACP civil rights group, which has embraced the argument that current marijuana laws have led to a disproportionate number of minorities being incarcerated for minor drug offenses.    ",1
9684,"Connecticut readies austerity budget vote, aims to cut around $1 billion","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Connecticut’s lawmakers are aiming to pass an austerity budget for the coming financial year on Wednesday that cuts spending by nearly $1 billion as the state struggles with revenues that are falling well short of projections. Details of a deal reached between Governor Dannel Malloy and fellow Democrats were sparse early on Wednesday afternoon as budget staffers rushed to prepare the documents ahead of a vote later in the day. The budget for fiscal year 2016-2017, which starts on July 1, will cut spending by $830 million, divert $100 million from transportation and other funds and sweep $30 million from various agency accounts, said Adam Joseph, a spokesman for Connecticut Senate Democrats. The spending plan is aimed at closing a $960 million hole in next year’s finances that officials have blamed on falling capital gains tax receipts due to a volatile stock market. Malloy proposed an $18.14 billion general fund budget in February that cut discretionary spending but did not raise taxes. Since then the projected revenue shortfall for next year ballooned from $560 million to its current $960 million. The state’s legislative session ends at midnight on Wednesday but the budget vote could keep legislators up until the small hours. Both chambers of Connecticut’s General Assembly are dominated by Democrats.  Connecticut, despite being one of the wealthiest states in the nation on a per capita income basis, has struggled to recover from the financial crisis and recession of 2007-2009. The state also faces a gap of around $260 million in the current fiscal year, despite a series of cuts. Malloy has said 2,000 state employees could be laid off in what he calls a “new economic reality.” The governor has also frozen pay rises for managers in state government. ",1
9685,"Republican Kasich suspends presidential campaign: NBC, Politico","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican John Kasich ended his longshot presidential bid on Wednesday, NBC News and Politico reported, leaving Donald Trump’s path clear to capture the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election.  Kasich, 63, the Ohio governor and a former U.S. congressman, had vowed just a day earlier to keep running after U.S. Senator Ted Cruz dropped out following a poor showing in Indiana’s Republican primary on Tuesday. NBC cited an unidentified Kasich campaign source as saying the governor would suspend his campaign. The campaign did not immediately respond to Reuters’ request for comment. Kasich, who was able to win only his own state in the race for the 2016 Republican nomination, canceled a media appearance on Wednesday in Virginia and scheduled a 5 p.m. EDT statement in Columbus, Ohio, his campaign said. Trump’s decisive victory in the Indiana primary forced Cruz  to suspend his candidacy and prompted speculation that Kasich, running a distant third, would do the same. ",1
9686,Trump expects to raise $1 billion with Republican Party: NBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Wednesday he will probably work with the Republican National Committee to raise $1 billion to beat likely Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. “We’re going to try and raise over a billion dollars which is what’s going to be necessary. The Democrats maybe will get as high as two billion dollars,” Trump said in an interview with NBC Nightly News. ",1
9687,Trump says he could make cabinet announcements before convention: Fox News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Wednesday he could make some cabinet announcements before the party’s July convention in Cleveland, Fox News Channel reported on Wednesday. “I like the idea of doing some of this before we go into Cleveland. Yes, I could do that and I think it would be well-received,” it quoted Trump as saying in an interview. ",1
9688,South Carolina Gov. Haley says 'not interested' in being vice president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, a Republican who has been mentioned as a possible vice presidential pick, said on Wednesday she is not interested in the post but will support the party’s eventual nominee. “While I am flattered to be mentioned and proud of what that says about the great things going on in South Carolina, my plate is full and I am not interested in serving as vice president,” Haley, a popular Indian-American governor, said in a statement. ",1
9689,Social service groups sue Illinois for $100 million over unpaid work,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Dozens of Illinois social service providers, starved of cash by the state’s long-running budget stalemate, sued Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner and six statewide agencies on Wednesday, seeking more than $100 million for unpaid work since July. The plaintiffs, who provide services for sex-abuse victims, the homeless, senior citizens and at-risk youth, are suffering “acute financial hardship” as a result of the unresolved budget fight, according to the lawsuit, filed in Cook County Circuit Court. It is the latest attempt at judicial relief by groups hurt by the state’s record-setting, 11-month budget impasse between the Republican governor and Democrats controlling the legislature. The coalition of 64 organizations, calling itself Pay Now Illinois, contended that Rauner’s June 2015 veto of appropriation bills amounted to an unlawful impairment of the their constitutional right to seek a legal remedy for non-payment by the state of their various contracts. “We’ve had to deal with this uncertainty now for the 11th month, over 300 days, without being paid,” said Andrea Durbin, chairwoman of Illinois Pay Now. “We’re seeking to be paid in full for the work we’ve done.” Rauner’s office expressed empathy but urged state lawmakers to approve a spending plan. “While we understand that frustration is driving many worthwhile organizations to seek solutions anywhere, including the courts, the only solution is for the General Assembly to pass a balanced, reform-oriented budget as soon as possible,” Rauner spokeswoman Catherine Kelly said. In another budget-related development, a plan to change how Illinois taxes its residents and businesses stalled in the House of Representatives after a successful lobbying push by Rauner. The proposed constitutional amendment would have stricken the state’s flat income-tax rates and allowed state lawmakers to impose new, multi-tiered tax rates tied to an individual or company’s level of income. Supporters said it would raise an additional $1.9 billion annually for the state. But facing a Wednesday deadline to pass the House, one of the measure’s sponsors, State Representative Christian Mitchell, said lobbying by the governor’s office convinced up to five Republicans whose backing was needed for passage to withdraw their tentative support. “It’s disappointing because this could have helped us with our budget crisis,” Mitchell, a Chicago Democrat, told Reuters. Rauner’s administration said the measure would cost the state 20,000 jobs in four years and lead to a migration of 43,000 high wage earners from Illinois. ",1
9690,"'Three Amigos' Obama, Trudeau, Pena Nieto to meet June 29","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto will meet in Ottawa for a North American leaders’ Summit on June 29, the White House said on Wednesday. The “Three Amigos” summit, with two key U.S. trading partners, comes as Obama grapples with a wave of anti-free-trade sentiment that has stalled ratification of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a sweeping 12-nation pact that includes Canada and Mexico. Obama hopes the U.S. Congress will ratify the deal before he leaves office on Jan. 20. But trade has become a lightning rod issue in the presidential election campaign to replace him. Republican Donald Trump, now his party’s presumptive nominee for 2016, has attacked the TPP and describes the tripartite  North American Free Trade agreement as a disaster that needs to be renegotiated or broken. In the Democratic campaign, Senator Bernie Sanders has opposed the trade deal, and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton has also expressed concerns. Canada sends 75 percent of its exports to the United States and would suffer greatly if a future president moved to clamp down on free trade. Trudeau, asked how he would deal with a President Trump, said the leaders of both countries would always agree on the need for growth and prosperity. One important way to achieve this was through trade, he added. “The level of integration between the Canadian and American economies is unlike anything else ... in the world,” he told a news conference in Ottawa.    The last “Three Amigos” summit was in Toluca, Mexico in 2014. Canada was supposed to host the meeting early last year but canceled it amid tension between then Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Obama over the Keystone XL pipeline. Obama will address Canada’s Parliament during the visit, the White House said. He last came to Canada for a bilateral visit in February 2009, the first foreign trip of his presidency. Ottawa’s relations with Mexico are strained over Canadian rules, introduced under Harper, that impose visas for visiting Mexicans. Trudeau said he hoped to be able to announce within weeks that the requirement would be scrapped. ",1
9691,"Following Trump's win, Senate leader reaffirms Garland opposition","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Wednesday held firm on his refusal to act on President Barack Obama’s nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court even as some conservative activists called on senators to confirm Merrick Garland now that Donald Trump is the presumptive Republican presidential nominee. “The leader’s position has not changed on Garland,” McConnell spokesman David Popp told Reuters. Since Obama nominated Garland in March, McConnell has refused to allow a confirmation vote, saying it should be up to the next president to fill the court’s vacancy left by the February death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. Some conservatives on Wednesday urged the Senate to confirm Garland, a centrist federal appeals court judge, now that Trump appears in line to win the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election. They are concerned Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton will defeat Trump in the election and pick a far more liberal nominee than Garland for a lifetime court appointment. Other conservative voices urged McConnell to hold firm, saying that doing otherwise would alienate core Republican voters, hurting the party’s election chances in the fall. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, who backs McConnell’s hard-line stance, has refused to hold hearings on Garland’s nomination. With his victory in Tuesday’s Indiana Republican primary, Trump solidified his position to land the party’s presidential nomination at its July convention in Cleveland. His closest challenger, Texas Senator Ted Cruz, quit the race after being drubbed in Indiana. McConnell has repeatedly refused to say which Republican he supports for president. In an interview with Newsmax on Monday, before the Indiana vote, McConnell would say only that he intends to support the party’s nominee, “whomever that may be.” Trump has said he would consult with the conservative Heritage Foundation think tank on possible Supreme Court nominees if he is elected president. Leon Wolf of the conservative RedState website predicted that Republicans will lose the White House race in November with Trump as their nominee, and likely lose control of the Senate as well. Wolf wrote in a blog post, “The choices, essentially, are to confirm Garland ... or watch as President Clinton nominates someone who is radically more leftist and 10-15 years younger” than the 63-year-old Garland. But Erick Erickson, writing for the conservative website The Resurgent, said Republicans should “resist the temptation” because rushing to confirm Garland might “further depress Republican (voter) turnout” that is important to keeping the Senate under Republican control. ",1
9692,Maverick Mexico governor tips Trump to win U.S. presidency,"MONTERREY, Mexico (Reuters) - A maverick Mexican state governor on Wednesday tipped presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to win the upcoming U.S. election, likening his own shock victory last year to the billionaire’s ascent. An outspoken rancher known as “El Bronco” (the gruff one), Jaime Rodriguez became the first independent governor in modern Mexico, capitalizing on widespread disaffection with established parties to win Nuevo Leon state on the U.S. border. “I made a bet ... I said that Trump’s going to win,” Rodriguez said the day after Trump’s main rival for the Republican nomination, Ted Cruz, dropped out of the race. “What’s Trump doing? He’s taking advantage of the anger. The whole world says Trump is mad; that’s what they said about me.” Speaking in Nuevo Leon’s capital, Monterrey, Rodriguez said he was not a Trump fan, and would not vote for him if he had a ballot. But, he added, he had met with a group of Mexican migrants in the last few days who also told him they thought Trump would win. They had faith in a Trump presidency as the real estate mogul is known as a job creator, Rodriguez said. Once a member of Mexico’s ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, Rodriguez won a landslide election victory in one of the country’s wealthiest states last June after breaking with the PRI and running an anti-establishment campaign. The week after Rodriguez’s victory, Trump launched his bid for the U.S. presidency, putting Mexico in his crosshairs and leaving the Mexican government struggling to come up with an effective strategy to counter his rhetoric. Claiming Latin America’s No. 2 economy is “killing” the United States on trade, Trump has threatened to disrupt bilateral commerce worth some $500 billion a year and punish companies that move operations offshore. He has also promised to deport millions of undocumented migrants from Mexico and Central America, and force Mexico to pay for a wall on the border between the two countries. Trump’s path to becoming the Republican presidential nominee received a further boost on Wednesday when U.S. media reported his last remaining challenger, Ohio Governor John Kasich, was suspending his campaign. Rodriguez is seen by political analysts as a potential candidate for the Mexican presidency in 2018. ",1
9693,Chicago mayor vows fiscal fix before muni audience,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel tried to reassure municipal credit analysts on Wednesday that the city and its public school district are not falling into a financial abyss. “I will not rest until we fix the fiscal position of both the city and (Chicago Public Schools),” the mayor told the National Federation of Municipal Analysts annual conference. But some attendees said his speech did little to alleviate their worries about the city’s sinking credit. “I’m very concerned. I don’t see them making any headway,” said Susan Dushock, a senior vice president at SunTrust Private Wealth Management, referring to an ongoing political impasse that is hindering Chicago’s efforts. The battle between Illinois’ Republican governor, Bruce Rauner, and Democrats who control the legislature has left the state without a fiscal 2016 budget and has stymied Chicago’s efforts to seek pension relief. Chicago continues to struggle with a structural budget deficit and a $20 billion unfunded pension liability. Rulings by the Illinois Supreme Court both this year and last year have made it much more difficult to enact pension changes to lower that liability. Emanuel likened those rulings to putting “a straightjacket around us,” but vowed to continue negotiating with unions to reach a deal that ensures pensions are paid in a manner that is responsible to taxpayers. He also touted the diverse economy of the nation’s third-largest city, its ability to snag relocating corporations, and educational improvements at schools. “(Emanuel) didn’t focus on how to solve the current fiscal crisis,” said Richard Ciccarone, who heads Merritt Research Services. CPS is also betting on state solutions for escalating pension payments that have left it with a $1 billion budget gap. The district is calling for a bigger share of state funding to cover pensions and the costs of educating poor children. The city and CPS have been hit with downgrades that pushed their credit ratings closer to or into the “junk” level and both are paying a huge penalty in the U.S. municipal bond market. Chicago general obligation bonds due in 22 years were trading at 287 basis points over Municipal Market Data’s benchmark triple-A yield scale, while the so-called credit spread for CPS bonds due in 15 years was 463 basis points, according to MMD. ",1
9694,Argentine TV ad mocks Trump to promote soccer tournament,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - An Argentine TV station is lampooning U.S. presidential hopeful Donald Trump’s comments about illegal immigration from Latin America to promote next month’s regional Copa America soccer tournament in the United States. “Our country is in serious trouble!” Trump says to ominous music in the commercial made by TyC Sports channel, which will broadcast the June 3-26 centenary tournament in the soccer-obsessed South American country. “We are having people coming in through the border that are not people that we want,” the candidate adds, against images of Lionel Messi and other top Argentine players descending from a plane and fans massed in national blue-and-white colors. The comments used in the advertisement are taken from Trump’s speeches. His campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the 71-second spot.  The billionaire real estate mogul has caused indignation south of the U.S. border with his views on immigration and promise to build a “great wall” along the Mexican border.   “They’re coming from South America,” Trump says in another clip from his speeches used by TyC, against a backdrop of Argentine stars from Sergio Aguero to Gonzalo Higuain pounding in goals against stumbling defenders. “These are total killers,” Trump says as the spot shows a close-up of Messi looking mean on the field. “These are not the nice, sweet little people that you think. We have no protection.”  Argentina, which has not won the Copa America since 1993, is among the teams favored to win the tournament, as are Brazil and Chile. “They’re unchecked, and then they’re being sent all over the United States,” Trump intones while the names of tournament host cities like Seattle and Houston flash on the screen.  At the end, the TyC ad shows a line of text, also in blue and white, that teasingly aligns itself with Trump: “It’s true. The best thing you can do is not let them in.” This is the first year the tournament, referred to in English as the 2016 Centennial Copa America, will be hosted outside of South America. It also marks the 100th anniversary of the world’s oldest international soccer competition. Former reality television star Trump won a commanding victory in Indiana’s Republican primary on Tuesday, forcing his main rival, Ted Cruz, to drop out of the race. The presidential election will be held in November. The spot can be seen here ",1
9695,"Some Republican pundits, politicians remain defiantly #NeverTrump","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Several Republicans took to social media Wednesday to declare they will never back Donald Trump for U.S. president even after Ted Cruz, the billionaire businessman’s closest rival, dropped out of the race for the party nomination. The anti-Trump declarations came from a range of quarters, including at least one Republican U.S. senator and a number of political commentators who have been leading voices of the #NeverTrump movement that has resisted his candidacy. Trump’s victory in the Indiana primary on Tuesday prompted Cruz’s surprise decision to suspend his campaign and left Trump a largely uncontested path to securing the roughly 200 delegates he still needs to lock down the Republican presidential nomination for the Nov. 8 election. “Reporters keep asking if Indiana changes anything for me. The answer is simple: No,” U.S. Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska said on Twitter. Sasse included a link to a February Facebook post in which he appealed to Trump backers to drop their support. Mark Salter, a former speech writer for Senator John McCain, said he would support former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the leading candidate for the Democratic nomination, over Trump. “The GOP is going to nominate for President a guy who reads the National Enquirer and thinks it’s on the level. I’m with her,” Salter (@MarkSalter55) tweeted, referring to a common rallying cry among Clinton supporters.  But the high-profile “Stop Trump” or “Never Trump” effort launched by conservative Republicans failed to significantly slow Trump’s momentum and appeared not to have achieved its mission as the date nears for the Republicans’ convention in July. After Trump’s Indiana victory on Tuesday night, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus called for the party to back Trump. “@realDonaldTrump will be presumptive @GOP nominee, we all need to unite and focus on defeating @HillaryClinton #NeverClinton,” Priebus (@Reince) tweeted. Still, it was clear that Trump faces some difficulty bringing all Republicans on board. Bill Kristol, a neoconservative and editor of the Weekly Standard, offered a scathing retort to former House Speaker Newt Gingrich’s call to back Trump. “If you’re for Trump you functionally are for a man unfit to be president, & for the degradation of [American] conservatism,” tweeted Kristol (@BillKristol) early Wednesday. “Never ever ever Trump. Simple as that,” tweeted Tim Miller (@Timodc), former campaign communications director for Jeb Bush, who dropped out of the White House race earlier this year. Several Republican voters said on Twitter that they were changing their party affiliation, while some posted photos of their voter registration cards lit ablaze. ",1
9696,"Don't blame our sanctions, U.S. tells nervous Iran investors","ZURICH (Reuters) - Companies should not blame U.S. sanctions for stopping them investing in Iran, a State Department official told businesses on Wednesday, saying there were many other risks putting off would-be investors. The United States and Europe lifted sanctions in January under a deal with Tehran to limit its nuclear program, but U.S. sanctions unrelated to the nuclear issue remain, banning dollar transactions with Iran and making it harder for companies to access finance for business in the Islamic Republic. Jarrett Blanc, the State Department’s deputy lead coordinator of last year’s nuclear deal, said companies should tell their Iranian partners that it was not just those remaining sanctions that were holding up business deals. “Many times, in the past 100 days, we have found international firms who have said to Iran: ‘Only U.S. sanctions are preventing you from doing business’,” Blanc told 400 people at a forum for European business with Iran in Zurich. “But when we dig a little deeper, and seek to answer questions about precisely your concerns, it turns out that your business decisions, not surprisingly, in fact take into account concerns well beyond sanctions.”  Iran has signed billions of dollars of deals with European firms since the nuclear sanctions were lifted, including a $27 billion aircraft order from Airbus. But deals requiring investment inside Iran have moved slowly. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the most powerful figure in Iran, has blamed the delays squarely on the United States. “The U.S. Treasury ... acts in such a way that big corporations, big institutions and big banks do not dare to come and deal with Iran,” Khamenei said in March. Iranian businesses at the Zurich forum said European banks were staying away due to U.S. pressure, and said that could put European companies at a disadvantage to their Asian competitors. “They are going to lose opportunities soon,” Majid Ghassemi, president of Bank Pasargad, told Reuters. “It is against the benefits of European investors, this kind of barrier that the Americans have put up against the banking system in Europe.” Parviz Akbaroff, international business manager at infrastructure consulting company Rah Shahr, said European firms had “become subservient to U.S. interests”. While the United States does not prohibit foreign banks from doing business with Iran, many are wary after facing multi-billion dollar fines during the sanctions era.  Nonetheless, lawyers and consultants have consistently warned would-be investors of a wide range of other risks including complex regulations, unclear dispute mechanisms, labor issues, and corruption. Blanc said investors who acknowledge these concerns privately should communicate them to their Iranian partners. “Don’t take the easy way out, by just saying ‘U.S. sanctions, U.S. sanctions, U.S. sanctions’,” he said. ",1
9697,How 'Stop Trump' failed to halt the Republican front-runner  ,"(Reuters) - Republican John Hammond III had made no secret of his distaste for Donald Trump and his desire to halt his march to the party’s presidential nomination, telling the Indianapolis Star newspaper in March that the mogul was “unfit” to lead the country. But the Republican National Committee member, a partner at law firm Ice Miller, said no anti-Trump group ever reached out to him, nor did he see any evidence that such groups were in the state until just a few days before voting in Indiana’s primary election. By the time some direct mail and TV ads popped up, it was “too late” to make a difference, he said. “There was never really any early ‘Stop Trump’ effort in Indiana,” he told Reuters. Trump became the Republican party’s presumptive nominee on Tuesday with his resounding win in Indiana’s primary, which led his main rival U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas to drop out and heaped pressure on distant third-place contender John Kasich, the Ohio governor, to do the same. In the process, Trump dealt a seemingly fatal blow to the high-profile effort known as “Stop Trump” or “Never Trump” launched by conservative Republicans. The movement - led by the conservative anti-tax nonprofit Club for Growth and the Our Principles PAC - for months failed to significantly slow Trump’s momentum and now appears to be on death watch, political operatives and at least three officials involved in the movement say. It emerged over the U.S. winter as initial skepticism over Trump’s chances turned to anxiety among conservatives, who view many of the Manhattan real estate mogul’s policy pledges as a liberal threat to their low-tax, low-spending principles. But from the start it was hobbled by poor coordination, the lack of a single, influential public leader, and the absence of an agreed-upon alternative to Trump, according to leaders in the movement as well as Republican operatives familiar with it. “You have to have a plan of action to deal with him,” said Republican strategist Doug Heye, a Trump opponent who has ties to people in the movement. “And it appears no one really did.” Publicly, leaders in the Stop Trump movement dispute the notion that they were ineffective, saying their efforts in Wisconsin helped head off a Trump win in April. They also say the groups communicate effectively with one another and that they will continue fighting despite the Indiana results. “We will continue to educate voters about Trump until he, or another candidate, wins the support of a majority of delegates to the Convention,” Katie Packer, chair of the Our Principles PAC said in a statement on Tuesday.  But, in private, three top officials associated with the movement conceded that Indiana was a “do or die” moment. The movement suffered a major setback when Republican mega donors declined to play the role of “Trump Slayers.” Both casino magnate Sheldon Adelson and the billionaire industrialist Koch brothers, decided not to repeat their experience in 2012, when they lavished hundreds of millions of dollars on Republican candidates only to see no returns. Deprived of such major financial backers, Club for Growth and Our Principles PAC together spent only $27 million on anti-Trump messaging, according to Federal Election Commission reports. Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton’s campaign and Super PAC have spent at least $78 million so far, according to FEC reports.  The groups and their associates focused their messaging over the winter and spring on television and social media ads and Twitter blasts highlighting Trump’s comments about women being “bimbos,” “dogs” and “fat pigs,” as well as his statements supporting universal health care and higher taxes.  Throughout their campaign, the two groups did not coordinate directly with one another or even converse on a regular basis, according to one Club for Growth official.  It wasn’t until last week that Our Principles PAC and the Stop Trump effort in California, led by political consultant Rob Stutzman, even joined forces. Officials at Club for Growth said they weren’t aware of that California effort.  Some veteran Republican operatives said Our Principles PAC had been a waste of time and money.  “They’ve had no leadership. They’ve spent tens of millions of dollars by now and gotten zero message, zero movement,” said one Republican familiar with the workings of the movement. “The whole thing has been a disaster from the beginning.” Many donors, like Trump’s rival candidates, underestimated the tycoon, believing he would burn out after his early successes, Republican consultants say. Those who did come forward publicly to support the Stop Trump movement, such as Chicago Cubs owners and Our Principles PAC funders Joe and Marlene Ricketts, were swiftly treated to Trump’s social media wrath.  “They better be careful,” Trump said of the Ricketts in a Tweet in February. ”They have a lot to hide!”  By March, other wealthy families who had donated to the cause were asking reporters not to identify them in stories anymore because they didn’t want their spouses and children to face “abuse” from the Trump campaign.  “I don’t think you can underestimate how effective Donald’s bullying has been, even among wealthy donors,” said one top official at Club for Growth. Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski dismissed the notion that donors had been fearful, saying the identity of campaign contributors has long been public information. ",1
9698,"As Trump becomes presumptive nominee, China urges objectivity","BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Wednesday urged people in the United States to take a rational and objective view of the relationship between the two countries, after Republican front-runner Donald Trump became the party’s presumptive presidential nominee. Trump has proposed that tariffs on imported Chinese goods be increased to up to 45 percent and asserted that China had waged “economic war” against the United States, taking American jobs. On Sunday, he compared the U.S. trade deficit with China to rape. China is the United States’ largest trading partner. Asked whether China was worried at the prospect of a Trump presidency, after his commanding win in Indiana and as top rival Ted Cruz bowed out of the race, Foreign Ministry spokesman said the election was as internal affair he could not comment on.  “What needs to be pointed out is that the essence of Sino-US trade and business cooperation is mutually beneficial and win-win, and accords with the interests of both sides,” Hong told a daily news briefing.  “We hope people in all fields can rationally and objectively view this relationship,” he added, without elaborating. Chinese officials have generally avoided criticizing Trump directly, though they have made indirect criticism of his proposal to ban Muslims from entering the United States and indirectly rebuffed his assertion that China is stealing U.S. jobs. However, last month Finance Minister Lou Jiwei criticized Trump, calling him “an irrational type” due to his tariffs proposal on imported Chinese goods. The United States reported a $366-billion trade deficit with China in 2015, up from $343 billion in 2014 - the largest U.S. trade imbalance with any nation. China’s tightly controlled state media has largely stuck to reporting the facts about Trump, with some notable exceptions. In March, influential tabloid the Global Times accused Trump of being a racist, warning that other extremists, such as Benito Mussolini and Adolf Hitler, had both been voted into power. Reacting to Trump’s triumph on Wednesday, the official Xinhua news agency noted he could beat likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton if he toned down his “explosive rhetoric”. “Despite being a celebrity outside the United States, Clinton, the former first lady and secretary of state, simply neither excites nor galvanizes her base,” it said in an English-language piece. In a separate report, Xinhua said Trump “gets them wrong, from trade balance to basic economics”, citing Western media and academics dismissing his criticisms of trade with China. “Trump attacks China to woo voters,” it said.  ",1
9699,Former military intelligence chief advising Trump joins Drone Aviation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, who has been advising Donald Trump informally on foreign policy, will join Drone Aviation Holding Corp as vice chairman of its board of directors, the company said in a statement on Wednesday. Flynn, who was chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency under President Barack Obama from 2012-2014 and has since been advising Trump, the Republican presidential front-runner, wants the United States to work more closely with Russia to resolve global security issues. “Having evaluated the (company’s) technologies, I believe they can positively impact our military’s defense and situational awareness and that is why I am joining Jay and his team in expanding the role of persistent aerial solutions in the marketplace,” Flynn said in the statement, referring to company CEO Jay Nussbaum.  Drone Aviation develops and manufactures aerostats and electric-powered drones to give its customers “enhanced surveillance and communication capabilities.” The company’s customers include the U.S. military, Saudi Arabia and the Ecuadorian Air Force, according to its website. Flynn resigned as the head of the Pentagon’s main intelligence agency a year before his term was officially due to end. He raised eyebrows among some U.S. foreign policy veterans when he was pictured sitting at the head table with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a banquet in Moscow late last year celebrating Russia Today, an international broadcasting network funded by the Russian government. He told Russia Today in an interview published on Dec. 10 that the United States and Russia should work together to resolve the Syrian civil war and defeat the Islamic State militant group. Flynn’s experience would “help ensure that our tethered solutions, today and in the future, will continue to meet the needs of our soldiers and security forces at home and abroad as they respond to evolving threats,” Nussbaum said in the same statement. ",1
9700,"Exiting 2016 race, Republican Cruz leaves himself a path forward","INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Ted Cruz carefully left the door open to a future run for president on Tuesday after a campaign that outlasted a long list of rivals but could not overcome the anti-establishment appeal of Donald Trump. Cruz, who still holds his U.S. Senate seat from Texas for another two years before facing re-election in 2018, told supporters in Indiana where he lost badly in the state’s primary, that his campaign was suspended but that his role in the future of the party was not over. “I am not suspending our fight for liberty,” Cruz said. He could be among several Republicans who may resurface in the 2020 presidential campaign after failed bids this time, should the presumptive nominee this year, Donald Trump, falter in the Nov. 8 election. The 45-year-old Cruz became a favorite of evangelicals and the party’s conservative wing after he won Iowa’s caucuses, the first nominating contest of the race. He built the best organization of any other Republican campaign this year, but his zealous conservatism fell victim to Trump’s outsider appeal. In the days leading up to the Indiana vote, Republicans were reminded of Cruz’s take-no-prisoners approach in the Senate when former House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner called him “Lucifer in the flesh” and the “most miserable son of a bitch” he had ever worked with on Capitol Hill. The next test for Cruz will be determining what role he will play in the general election and whether, after months of attacks, he will throw his support behind Trump. Trump clearly would like his support as he tries to unite the Republican Party after a bitter primary battle. “I want to congratulate Ted Cruz,” Trump said in New York at a victory rally. “He’s a tough, smart competitor.” Cruz, the son of a Cuban immigrant, gained prominence in conservative circles as the Texas solicitor general, arguing cases on religious liberty and states’ rights. After he was elected to the Senate in 2012, he alienated colleagues but drew national attention for his role in the 2013 government shutdown.  In a 21-hour talkathon, in which he sought to convince lawmakers to cut funding for President Barack Obama’s signature health-care law, Cruz chided the “cheap suits” and “bad haircuts” of some politicians and read the children’s book “Green Eggs and Ham” by Dr. Seuss. Cruz cast himself as the leader of a grassroots conservative army when he jumped into the White House race in March 2015, and he argued he was the only candidate who could unite disparate groups of the Republican Party, such as social conservatives and libertarians. He was buoyed by early wins in Iowa and at home in Texas, and Cruz claimed he was the Republican best suited to take on Trump after candidates favored by the party’s establishment, such as Jeb Bush, left the race. As Cruz ended his campaign, vendors hawking campaign-themed apparel outside the Indianapolis event quickly discounted the merchandise bearing Cruz’s campaign slogan, lowering prices from $20 a shirt to just $5. Supporters lingered in the remodeled train station where Cruz held his rally, some crying and others hugging one another as the news sunk in. Despite having long odds when he announced his candidacy, Cruz beat expectations.      “Cruz certainly performed better than anyone in Washington expected, and he still has Texas wired. However, no one is stopping the Trump machine now,” Texas-based Republican strategist Joe Brettell said. ",1
9701,California senate approves bill ending mandatory prostitution sentences,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California would repeal mandatory jail time for convicted prostitutes under a bill approved by the state Senate amid growing concern that many are victims of human trafficking or addicts who need treatment. The measure by Senator William Monning, a Democrat, reflects a growing national conversation about whether people who exchange sex for money should be viewed as victims rather than as criminals, along with a movement in California to end mandatory sentencing for non-violent offenders. “As we learn more, particularly about women who engage in prostitution, we’re learning more and more about human trafficking,” Monning said. “There is also an intersection with drug and alcohol use.” His bill, which the Senate voted to approve on Monday, would end the state’s mandatory sentences for repeat prostitution offenders, which currently call for a minimum of 45 days in county jail for a second offense, and 90 days for a third offense. Jail time for the misdemeanor crime is not mandated for first offenders. The bill is one of about 40 trafficking-related measures before California lawmakers this session, according to the office of California Attorney General Kamala Harris. One of them, backed by Harris, would create an inter-agency task force to seek data on trafficking and develop new ways of responding to it, including new law enforcement approaches. The National Organization for Women is backing several human trafficking-related measures before lawmakers this year, and is reviewing Monning’s bill, said Jerilyn Stapleton, president of the National Organization for Women’s California operations.     Monning’s proposal, which passed the Senate 23-14 and now goes to the Assembly, also comes amid a nationwide movement to reduce the number of non-violent offenders who are imprisoned that has won support by many Republicans as well as Democrats. California Governor Jerry Brown, a Democrat, is backing a ballot initiative that would roll back some mandatory sentencing guidelines, saying the system has taken discretion away from judges and ultimately contributed to recidivism by providing inmates with little incentive for rehabilitation. ",1
9702,Puerto Rico could face financial chaos without Congress plan: Lew,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Tuesday said Puerto Rico’s financial crisis risks turning the commonwealth into a chaotic mess unless the U.S. Congress can enact a plan to restructure its debt. “The challenge is for Congress to act fast enough so that the unfolding crisis in Puerto Rico doesn’t cascade out of control,” Lew said during an on-stage interview at the annual Milken Institute conference in Los Angeles. The island faces $70 billion in debt overall, a staggering 45-percent poverty rate and a shrinking population. It owes another $1.9 billion on July 1 that Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says it cannot pay. On Monday the Government Development Bank defaulted on a $422 million debt payment while it agreed to a tentative restructuring framework with some large creditors who promised to hold back from taking legal action for 30 days. Congress is debating a bill to put the island’s finances under federal oversight and allow it to restructure debt in a bankruptcy-like process. The bill has faced criticism from conservative and liberal wings of both parties. Lew reiterated there was so far little spillover from Puerto Rico’s problems into the $3.7 trillion U.S. municipal bond market where it is a major issuer of triple-tax-free debt. “In the absence of a restructuring, what you will end up with is a chaotic unwinding which does enormous harm to millions of Americans, including veterans who served loyally in our military. That I believe is something that has more of a potential spillover risk to the municipal bond market than anything else,” Lew said. As a U.S. territory, Puerto Rico cannot file for bankruptcy protection. It is struggling to pay for basic services like police and firefighters as well as combat the spread of the  Zika virus. Lew reiterated that putting in place an independent oversight authority to work out an orderly restructuring would also ensure fairness to all stakeholders. Some investors are concerned that if all bondholders are treated the same, there is a risk of eroding well established rules governing who gets paid and when in a restructuring. “The cost of delay is that you get to a point where there is nothing to restructure. If you get to a point where the restructuring can’t work, then you either let chaos happen or you have a bailout. I believe restructuring is the alternative to a bailout,” Lew said.     ",1
9703,Illinois House backs Democratic redistricting amendment,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A Democratic bid to transfer the highly coveted political power of drawing legislative boundaries from state lawmakers to the Democratically controlled Illinois Supreme Court overwhelmingly passed the state House of Representatives on Tuesday. The proposed amendment to Illinois’ constitution sailed through the House on a 105-7 vote and now must be approved by a three-fifths majority in the state Senate by Friday in order to be placed on the Nov. 8 general election ballot. Since Democrats controlled the state legislature and the governor’s office after the 2010 census, they won the once-a-decade right to draw new legislative district boundaries. The process enabled the party to build super-majorities in both the Senate and House. “The power we presently have is only to protect incumbents,” said Representative Jack Franks, a Democrat from Chicago’s far northwest suburbs who sponsored the amendment. Republican Governor Bruce Rauner campaigned to take away legislative redistricting responsibilities from the General Assembly but instead backs a different proposal. Under Franks’ plan, the Illinois Supreme Court would appoint an eight-member redistricting commission to oversee the drawing of 118 House districts and 59 state Senate districts beginning with the 2022 elections. Critics disliked how Franks’ amendment mutes the General Assembly’s voice in the process. “What’s dangerous about what we’re doing (is that) we as a legislative branch are ceding our authority to a co-equal branch of government,” said Representative Christian Mitchell, a Chicago Democrat who voted against the amendment. If the plan clears the Senate, the result could be two competing redistricting proposals on the fall ballot, a scenario Rauner has warned would confuse voters. The initiative Rauner backs is being pushed by a bipartisan coalition that includes Republican former Governor Jim Edgar and former White House Chief of Staff William Daley, brother and son of two of Chicago’s longest-serving Democratic mayors. That group, known as Independent Maps, proposes a system where a bi-partisan, 11-member commission would be stocked through a random and public screening process overseen by the state auditor general from a pool of 100 finalists. ",1
9704,Clinton vows to support U.S. coal regions while embracing cleaner energy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Tuesday said the United States must move toward a cleaner energy future but not forget those who work in the coal industry. “We’ve got to both move toward a clean energy future ... but we also have to remember who turned on the lights and powered the factories and provided the energy that we needed to build our country,” Clinton said, speaking from West Virginia in an interview with MSNBC. ",1
9705,Cruz unleashes fury at Trump over Lee Harvey Oswald comment,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz lashed out at rival candidate Donald Trump on the day of Indiana’s primary on Tuesday, calling him a pathological liar, narcissist and bully after the front-runner linked Cruz’s father to John F. Kennedy’s assassin. “I’m going to tell you what I really think of Donald Trump. This man is a pathological liar. He doesn’t know the difference between truth and lies,” Cruz told reporters in a scathing indictment. “He lies practically every word that comes out of his mouth. And...his response is to accuse everybody else of lying.” In a television appearance earlier, Trump linked Cruz’s father, Rafael Cruz, to Kennedy assassin Lee Harvey Oswald, citing a report by National Enquirer, a supermarket tabloid known for celebrity gossip and alien sightings. “You know, his father was with Lee Harvey Oswald prior to Oswald’s being — you know, shot. I mean, the whole thing is ridiculous. What is this, right prior to his being shot, and nobody brings it up,” Trump said on “Fox & Friends.”  Republicans in Indiana might give New York billionaire Trump an almost unstoppable advantage in his turbulent journey toward the party’s presidential nomination.  The real estate mogul holds a double-digit polling lead in the Midwestern state over Cruz, a U.S. Senator of Texas.    Cruz denounced the Enquirer and its chief executive, David Pecker, who has endorsed Trump, for claiming his father, a Cuban immigrant to the United States, was pictured handing out pro-Fidel Castro literature with Oswald in New Orleans in 1963. “Yes, my dad killed JFK, he is secretly Elvis and Jimmy Hoffa is buried in his back yard,” Cruz said in a sarcastic retort. Cruz also unleashed fury over Trump’s earlier comment about his wife, Heidi. “Donald has a real problem with women. Donald is terrified by strong women - he lashes out at them,” Cruz said.  “The man is utterly amoral. Morality does not exist for him,” Cruz said. ",1
9706,Ex-N.Y. legislative leader Silver sentenced to 12 years in prison,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former New York State Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, for decades one of the state’s most powerful politicians, was sentenced on Tuesday to 12 years in federal prison for collecting millions of dollars in illegal kickbacks. U.S. District Judge Valerie Caproni in Manhattan federal court said she hoped the penalty would cause “the next corrupt politician to hesitate” before accepting a bribe. The prison term could amount to a life sentence for the 72-year-old Silver, who fought prostate cancer last year. The sentencing capped a stunning fall from power for Silver, a Democrat who represented Manhattan’s Lower East Side and served as speaker of the state Assembly from 1994 to 2015. Silver’s counterpart in the state Senate, former Majority Leader Dean Skelos, was also found guilty of corruption just 10 days after a jury convicted Silver of seven counts in December. The legislative leaders were two of the “three men in a room,” along with the governor, who control virtually all legislation in the state capital of Albany. Their convictions represented the biggest wins in a broad anti-corruption campaign by Preet Bharara, the U.S. Attorney in Manhattan, who has charged numerous politicians with graft. “Today’s stiff sentence is a just and fitting end to Sheldon Silver’s long career of corruption,” Bharara said in a statement following the hearing. More than 30 legislators have been forced from office for criminal or ethical issues since 2000, according to the nonprofit watchdog Citizens Union. Prosecutors said Silver awarded $500,000 in secret state grant money to a cancer researcher who, in exchange, funneled patients to Silver’s law firm, allowing the lawmaker to collect millions of dollars in referral fees. He was also accused of steering real estate developers to another law firm in exchange for kickbacks and then throwing his support to rent-control legislation favored by the developers. Silver offered an apology during the hearing, saying: “I’ve let down my family, I’ve let down my colleagues, I’ve let down my constituents, and I am truly, truly sorry for that.” Minutes later, he appeared to have no reaction when Caproni announced the sentence. His lawyers said they plan to appeal his conviction. Steven Molo, one of Silver’s lawyers, had asked Caproni for a “sentence that tempers justice with mercy,” citing Silver’s age, health and what he described as a lifetime of good works for the people of New York. But prosecutors said Silver deserved a sentence longer than that of any other convicted New York public official, given his leadership position and the sheer scope of his misconduct. Caproni agreed, telling Silver that corruption “attacks the very heart of our system of government” before offering a blunt assessment of his behavior. “Mr. Silver, those are not the actions of a basically honest person,” she said after listing some of his crimes. “Those are the actions of a scheming, corrupt politician.”     The judge also ordered Silver to pay a fine of $1.75 million and forfeit more than $5 million in ill-gotten gains. He is scheduled to report to prison on July 1. ",1
9707,House panel near unveiling new Puerto Rico debt bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Legislation to help Puerto Rico deal with its $72 billion debt crisis “is being finalized” by a U.S. Congress committee following negotiations with the Treasury Department, House Speaker Paul Ryan’s office said on Tuesday. The House Natural Resources Committee has been struggling to write a bill restructuring Puerto Rico’s debt. There has been speculation that it could try to unveil a new bill, after a previous one sputtered, when Congress returns next week from a recess. The statement from Ryan’s office came one day after the White House said Puerto Rico’s financial difficulties were worsening and that Congress needed to act quickly with a debt restructuring bill. Parish Braden, a spokesman for the Natural Resources Committee, said the panel was still making refinements to the legislation, but he added: “The basic framework will not change” from an earlier version. Braden said he was referring to the potential creation of a control board to help Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory, manage its debt. Over the past few weeks, Treasury Department officials have been negotiating the details of a bill that they hope can draw enough support from Democrats and Republicans to pass the House and Senate. ",1
9708,Kansas budget woes weigh on state's credit ratings,"(Reuters) - Moody’s Investors Service on Tuesday slapped a negative outlook on Kansas’ Aa2 credit rating, citing the state’s reliance on one-shot measures to balance its budget. That followed action late last month by Standard & Poor’s, which put Kansas’ AA rating on review for a possible downgrade after the state lowered its revenue estimates for the current and next fiscal year by $228.7 million. Governor Sam Brownback plans to divert $185 million in sales tax revenue from the state’ highway fund to the general fund and delay a $96.5 million fiscal 2016 pension payment to help fill the gap.  “By continuing to balance its budget with unsustainable, nonrecurring resources, including pension underfunding, it is accumulating large and expensive long-term liabilities that it will be paying off for a long time,” Moody’s said in a statement. The credit rating agency also revised the outlook on $2.1 billion of Aa2-rated Kansas highway revenue bonds to negative from stable. The Kansas budget is feeling the effects from action taken by Brownback and the Republican-controlled legislature in recent years to cut corporate and other income taxes to help the state compete with bordering Missouri and other states for business development and jobs.   The state’s fiscal year begins on July 1. ",1
9709,Bill allowing guns on Tennessee campuses becomes law,"NASHVILLE (Reuters) - Educators and other full-time staffers at Tennessee’s public state universities and colleges will soon be able to carry handguns on campus after Governor Bill Haslam allowed a bill to become law on Monday without his signature. The bill that the Republican governor allowed to become law had little opposition in both houses, easily passing 69-24 in the House and 28-5 in the Senate last month. The law will go into effect on July 1.  The law, which affects 50 state institutions, was opposed by both the State Board of Regents and the University of Tennessee system. Gun control on college campuses is a growing focus in the national debate over access to guns.  Including Tennessee, 10 states now allow guns on campus, although the Tennessee and Arkansas laws allow only faculty and staff to carry handguns, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures, which tracks policies in all 50 states. In Georgia, Governor Nathan Deal, a Republican, is expected on Tuesday to either sign or veto a measure that would allow licensed gun owners ages 21 and over to carry concealed handguns on the campuses of public colleges and universities in that state. On Aug. 1, 2016, a so-called campus carry law takes effect in Texas, allowing people 21 and older with a concealed handgun license to carry handguns in classrooms and buildings throughout the University of Texas system. In Tennessee, anyone carrying a gun under the new law must have a permit and notify local police or campus security, whichever has responsibility for law enforcement on campus. Students are not allowed to carry handguns on campus. The law does not allow handguns to be carried into arenas and stadiums during school-sponsored events, and guns are barred in meetings related to disciplinary or tenure matters. Haslam had said he did not believe the state should get involved in such local matters, but chose not to veto the bill. “Although SB 2376 does not go as far as I would like in retaining campus control, the final version of the bill included input from higher education and was shaped to accommodate some of their concerns,” he said in a Monday statement. Proponents said the bill will lead to greater safety on campuses. Opponents voiced concern about the safety of students, faculty and visitors on campus. ",1
9710,Obama says Chinese-led trade deal shows need for TPP: Washington Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Monday that a Chinese-led regional trade deal demonstrated the urgent need for Congress to approve the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact. Obama has been pushing to finalize the TPP before he leaves office on Jan. 20, but he needs to overcome strong anti-trade sentiment from both the left wing of his own Democratic Party  as well as from the right flank of the Republican Party. Voter anxiety over the impact of trade deals on jobs and the environment has featured large in the campaigns of Donald Trump, the Republican front-runner for the Nov. 8 presidential election, and U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, who is running against Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination. In an opinion piece published on the website of the Washington Post on Monday, Obama said he understood voter skepticism but that “building walls to isolate ourselves from the global economy” would backfire on the American economy. “China is negotiating a trade deal that would carve up some of the fastest-growing markets in the world at our expense, putting American jobs, businesses and goods at risk,” Obama said in the piece. Obama was referring to the 16-member Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership, or RCEP, and noted that China was seeking to finalize the deal by the end of the year. “That trade deal won’t prevent unfair competition among government-subsidized, state-owned enterprises. It won’t protect a free and open Internet,” Obama said, also criticizing the RCEP’s lack of protections for intellectual property, labor standards and the environment. Obama, who plans a visit to TPP partners Japan and Vietnam later this month, argued the TPP would allow America to “call the shots” on trade with Asia. “That’s why my administration is working closely with leaders in congress to secure bipartisan approval for our trade agreement, mindful that the longer we wait, the harder it will be to pass the TPP,” he said. Asked about Obama’s comments, China’s Foreign Ministry said global trade rules should be discussed by all countries, not just set by one. China has an open attitude towards TPP, which should be promoted together along with RCEP to help achieve the goal of a free trade zone in the Asia Pacific, ministry spokesman Hong Lei told a daily news briefing in Beijing. ",1
9711,Indiana puts Donald Trump’s evangelical support to test,"INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s success in the race for the White House may well depend on the support of Republican evangelicals suspicious of the front-runner’s more liberal side as he discloses his social views. A New York businessman who has never held public office, Trump has had some success with evangelicals in states such as South Carolina.  But there are signs of slippage on the eve of Tuesday’s nominating contest in Indiana, a conservative Midwestern U.S. state that has voted Republican in nine of the last 10 presidential elections. Trump, 69, has taken stances on Planned Parenthood family clinics and gay and transgender rights that raise Christian conservative concerns, including in such states as Indiana where they make up a high proportion of voters. A new NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist opinion poll shows Trump with a wide lead in Indiana, 49 percent, to 34 percent for his nearest rival, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, and 13 percent for Ohio Governor John Kasich.     Most previous Indiana opinion polls showed a tighter race with Trump leading Cruz by only a few points. A Trump win in the state could be crucial to his chances of securing the nomination but may also offer a gauge of whether he can rally evangelicals. Cruz, 45, emphasizes his Christian faith on the campaign trail. Focused on Indiana, he says Trump is not an authentic Republican. A new Cruz advertisement brands Trump and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton as two sides of the same coin. “Both support the Obamacare individual mandate. Both support taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood. Both support letting transgender men go in little girls’ bathrooms,” it says.  Trump has praised Planned Parenthood family clinics as having helped millions of women even if he opposes funding its abortion component. He backs letting transgender people use the bathroom “they feel is appropriate.” If evangelicals are unenthusiastic, they could sit out the Nov. 8 general election, potentially handing the White House to former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the Democratic front-runner, or her rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders. “The fear is a lot of them are going to stay home,” said Bob Vander Plaats, a leading evangelical activist in Iowa. “You can’t win without our base.” Trump rankled some social conservatives by criticizing North Carolina’s controversial law that requires transgender people to use the bathroom of the gender of their birth. “The restroom thing is big with a lot of people,” said Shan Rutherford, a pastor in Greenwood, Indiana. Rutherford said he was initially drawn to Trump’s message, but was put off by his stance on social issues and his insulting demeanor on the campaign trail. Rutherford, who backs Cruz, said if the White House race came down to Trump versus Clinton, he might not vote. The Pew Research Center says 45 percent of registered Republican voters nationwide identify themselves as “born-again” or “evangelical.” Pew also found that only 44 percent of Republicans view Trump as a religious person. By contrast, 76 percent viewed Cruz that way. Cruz has assailed Trump for his stance on the North Carolina bathroom law. Trump has said there have been few problems with transgender people using bathrooms. He also has said the question should be left to states to decide. Cruz charges allowing grown men in bathrooms with little girls is “opening the door for predators.” On Friday, Cruz was endorsed by Indiana Governor Mike Pence, a social conservative who last year signed a bill that critics said could be used by business owners to deny services to same-sex couples. Trump has said he supports prohibiting companies from firing employees based on sexual orientation, although he has criticized last year’s U.S. Supreme Court decision legalizing same-sex marriage. Cruz has deployed his father, Rafael Cruz, an evangelical minister, as a surrogate in churches in Indiana. A Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll showed 19 percent of respondents would not vote in a White House race between Trump and Clinton. But when filtered to those who attend church nearly every week, the number jumped to 28 percent. The party cannot afford a low turnout in November.  Demographic trends in recent years have favored Democrats, with the pool of Republican voters, overwhelmingly white and older, steadily shrinking. Eric Houseman, a paramedic from Indianapolis who attended a Cruz rally in Franklin, Indiana, predicted Trump would lose support through such missteps as inaccurately referring in January to a book of the Bible as “Two Corinthians” rather than Second Corinthians or Corinthians II. “People are beginning to see he’s a lot of talk,” Houseman said. Upstate, Ron Johnson, pastor at the Living Stones Church in Crown Point, votes Republican but was adamant that he would not vote for Trump. Trump does not share his Christian values, Johnson said.     “I am not going to be part of the demise of this country,” he said. But Mark Burns, a South Carolina pastor who has become a leading Trump surrogate in the media, said Trump’s appeal to evangelicals does not stem from the strength of his religious views. “We’re not voting for the next pastor. We’re voting for the next commander-in-chief,” Burns said. ",1
9712,Clinton courts Appalachian voters to counter Trump on trade,"WASHINGTON/CARMEL, Ind. (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton met with coal and steel workers in the Appalachian region on Monday in an effort to win over blue-collar voters in a part of the country with strong support for Republican Donald Trump. The real estate mogul made his own pitch on Monday to voters in areas struggling from the loss of industry, telling a crowd in Indiana he would create “clean coal” jobs. Clinton has increasingly turned her attention beyond the Democratic Party nomination fight with U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders and is making early moves to try to siphon support from Trump ahead of a possible match-up in the Nov. 8 election. On Monday, she met union leaders and some of the 600 workers who were laid off last year when AK Steel Holding Corp announced it would idle a furnace in eastern Kentucky. She said jobs losses in manufacturing and the coal industry in the area had been a heavy blow. “Talk about a ripple effect. It’s just devastating communities,” Clinton told workers around a table at an Italian restaurant in the town of Ashland.  While the Republican presidential candidates focus on Tuesday’s primary contest in Indiana, Clinton launched a trip to Appalachia this week that will include events in Ohio and West Virginia.     She has a large lead over Sanders for the Democratic nomination. Unions typically back Democratic candidates, and union leaders have endorsed both Clinton and Sanders in the 2016 presidential race.  But Trump’s pro-coal, anti-trade message and outsider status has resonated with some blue collar union members frustrated with Washington politicians. He and other Republicans also accuse President Barack Obama’s administration of waging a “war on coal” by imposing strict environmental regulations. “I’m a free-market guy, but not when you’re getting killed,” Trump said at a rally in Carmel, Indiana. “Look at steel, it’s being wiped out. Your coal industry is wiped out, and China is taking our coal.”     The New York businessman won the Republican nominating contest in Kentucky in March, sweeping most of the counties in the economically struggling east of the state. Parts of Appalachia, a region that spans multiple states across the eastern United States, have struggled with poverty and job losses. West Virginia’s unemployment rate of 6.5 percent in March was well above the national rate of 5 percent, according to Labor Department data. Ohio’s unemployment rate was 5.1 percent, while the figure in Kentucky was 5.6 percent. It will be an uphill struggle for Clinton there if she wins the nomination. She has pledged more than $30 billion to help regions that depend on coal, but her promise was overshadowed when she said in March that the country would “put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.” And her husband, former President Bill Clinton, campaigned on Sunday in West Virginia, encountering protests from Trump supporters.   West Virginia last voted for a Democratic presidential candidate in 1996, when Bill Clinton was running for his second four-year term. He is the only Democrat who has won Kentucky since 1980. Trump will take a leap toward winning the Republican nomination if he comes out ahead in Tuesday’s Indiana primary. His success in the race for the White House may well ride on the support of Republican evangelicals. Top rival Ted Cruz planned stops to greet voters across the state on Monday, running into a group of Trump supporters in Marion, Indiana who berated him. He deployed his wife, Heidi, and Carly Fiorina, the ex-candidate who Cruz has chosen as his running mate if he gets the Republican nomination, to a coffee shop and art gallery in Carmel, Indiana. Cruz, who lags Trump in delegates to the Republican National Convention in July, told reporters on Monday he would stay in the race “as long as we have a viable path to victory.” Republicans plan to tie Clinton to what they say is an anemic economy under President Barack Obama. Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus on Monday cited data released last week that showed economic growth slipped in the first quarter to its slowest pace in two years. “Struggling Americans will never get ahead under Hillary Clinton. They are going to keep getting taken to the cleaners,” Priebus said in an opinion piece for RealClearPolitics.      ",1
9713,Pakistan raps Trump over vow to free doctor who helped track bin Laden,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan angrily criticized Donald Trump, frontrunner for the U.S. Republican presidential nomination, for saying he would force the country to free a jailed Pakistani doctor believed to have helped the CIA hunt down al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. Trump, a 69-year-old billionaire real estate developer, told Fox News on Friday that, if elected, he would get Pakistan to free Shakil Afridi “in two minutes”, saying that Islamabad receives a lot of development aid from the United States. “Contrary to Mr. Trump’s misconception, Pakistan is not a colony of the United States of America,” Pakistani Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar said in a statement on Monday. The statement said Afridi’s fate would be decided “by the Pakistani courts and the government of Pakistan and not by Mr. Donald Trump, even if he becomes the president of the United States”. The statement came on the fifth anniversary of the killing of bin Laden - architect of the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on U.S. cities - during a secret raid in the Pakistani town of Abbottabad that damaged relations between the strategic allies. Washington views Afridi as a hero but Pakistan sentenced him in 2012 to 33 years in jail on charges of belonging to militant group Lashkar-e-Islam, which he denies. That sentence was overturned and Afridi is now awaiting trial on another charge. Trump has alarmed U.S. allies with his combative rhetoric and his calls for an “America First” agenda that many see as a threat to retreat from the world. In his comments about Pakistan and Afridi for Fox News, Trump said: “I would tell them let (him) out and I’m sure they would let (him) out. Because we give a lot of aid to Pakistan.” Afridi has also been accused in Pakistan of running a fake vaccination campaign in which he purportedly collected DNA samples to help the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) track down bin Laden. He has not been charged over those allegations. After his original conviction was overturned, he was charged in 2013 with murder relating to the death of a patient eight years earlier. He remains in jail. In the Fox interview Trump also said he supported leaving the roughly 10,000 U.S. troops still based in Afghanistan instead of withdrawing them by the end of 2017. “I would stay in Afghanistan,” he said. “It’s probably the one place we should have gone in the Middle East because it’s adjacent and right next to Pakistan which has nuclear weapons.” The United States led the military invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 to oust the Taliban for sheltering bin Laden and other al Qaeda leaders following the Sept. 11 attacks. (This story has been corrected to fix typo in Pakistan minister’s name in paragraph 3) ",1
9714,Obama takes Supreme Court fight to Republican senators' home turf,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Monday took the political battle over his pick for a vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court to the home states of seven Republican senators up for re-election in November. Obama conducted interviews with local television anchors where he argued that Republican senators should hold confirmation hearings and vote on his nomination of appellate Judge Merrick Garland to the top court. “What my argument is: Let the American people see Judge Garland, let him answer questions, let them hear his responses,” the Democratic president told WDAF-TV FOX 4 in Kansas City, Missouri, a market that straddles states where Senators Roy Blunt of Missouri and Jerry Moran of Kansas are up for re-election. Republican leaders have been resolute that Obama’s successor, who will be elected on Nov. 8 and take office on Jan. 20, should fill the vacancy left by February’s death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. Republicans are hoping their party’s candidate wins the presidency and can make the appointment. The court is now split 4-4 between conservatives and liberals, meaning Scalia’s successor could influence its ideological direction for years to come.     Obama has argued the Senate has a responsibility to formally consider Garland’s nomination, telling ABC affiliate WMUR in Manchester, New Hampshire, that the judge was “maybe the most qualified nominee that we’ve seen before the Senate for a Supreme Court seat.” New Hampshire’s Kelly Ayotte is viewed as one of the most vulnerable Senate Republican incumbents. She met with Garland but wants the Senate to wait until after the election to act on the nomination. “I know that folks like Senator Ayotte met with him and the fact that they’re not calling a hearing or vote means they’re not doing their job,” Obama said in the interview. In a separate interview with WMUR, Ayotte defended her position. “In my view waiting for the election, we are in the midst of a presidential nomination process, to have the people weigh in the election in November is important considering we have a 4-4 court,” she said. Obama also talked with a television anchor from Iowa, home to Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, who has helped lead efforts to block Garland. The president spoke as well with anchors from Ohio, where Senator Rob Portman faces a competitive re-election race; Wisconsin, where Senator Ron Johnson is running again; and Phoenix, home to Senator John McCain of Arizona. ",1
9715,Wrestling body revokes ex-House Speaker Hastert's awards,"(Reuters) - The National Wrestling Hall of Fame on Monday revoked all awards bestowed upon former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert after he admitted in court to sexually abusing students years ago when he was a high school wrestling coach. The organization’s board of governors unanimously voted for the revocation after an ethics committee found Hastert’s actions to be “detrimental to the ideals and objectives” of the Wrestling Hall of Fame, according to a statement on its website. Lee Roy Smith, the body’s executive director, said in the statement the board wanted to wait until Hastert’s criminal case was over before making a decision.  Hastert, 74, once one of the most powerful U.S. conservative politicians, was sentenced on Wednesday to 15 months in federal prison for a financial crime related to sexual abuse of high school wrestlers he coached decades ago. Hastert pleaded guilty last October to the crime of structuring, which involves withdrawing a large sum of money in  small increments to avoid detection. While he was not charged with sex abuse because of the statute of limitations, he admitted to the judge at his sentencing hearing that he had sexually abused teenagers.  The abuse occurred while Hastert was a teacher and wrestling coach in his hometown of Yorkville in the 1960s and 1970s. He later reached a secret agreement with one of the victims to pay him $3.5 million in compensation for pain and suffering. The Yorkville High School wrestlers were state champions during his tenure as coach. The Stillwater, Oklahoma-based Hall of Fame said it revoked its Order of Merit and Outstanding American awards given to Hastert, along with separate awards bestowed by the Illinois Chapter of the National Wrestling Hall of Fame and the Dan Gable Museum in Waterloo, Iowa. ",1
9716,Obama administration urges Congress to act on Puerto Rico crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration urged Congress to pass legislation to help Puerto Rico resolve a debt crisis which was expected to trigger a bond default on Monday. “Congress has yet to produce a workable legislative response,” Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said in a letter to Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the House of Representatives. “Congress must work quickly to resolve the few outstanding issues on the proposed legislation to help Puerto Rico.” ",1
9717,"Eyeing an Indiana victory, Trump says, 'It's over'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Front-runner Donald Trump said on Sunday that he will have essentially sealed the Republican U.S. presidential nomination if he wins Tuesday’s contest in Indiana, where he holds a big lead over chief rival Ted Cruz. A new NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist opinion poll showed Trump with a wide lead in Indiana, 49 percent to 34 percent for Cruz and 13 percent for a third candidate, Ohio Governor John Kasich. Trump, a 69-year-old billionaire real estate developer, sounded confident in an interview on “Fox News Sunday” when asked whether Indiana would basically end the long-running Republican race in his favor. “Yes, it’s over,” Trump said. “It’s already over.” The poll showed the depth of the challenge facing Cruz, a conservative U.S. senator from Texas who is trying to prevent Trump from winning the 1,237 delegates needed to seal the nomination.  Cruz’s hopes rest on emerging as a consensus alternative to Trump at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland on July 18-21. Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, 68, leads U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, 74, of Vermont in the race for the Democratic nomination. On NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Cruz, 45, was asked several times whether he would support Trump if the New York businessman was the Republican nominee. Cruz evaded the question each time and turned the questions into an attack on broadcast media. “I recognize that many in the media would love to see me surrender to Donald Trump because that means that Hillary wins. The media has given $2 billion in free advertising to Donald Trump,” Cruz said. Cruz said he has momentum in Indiana based on his choice of former candidate Carly Fiorina for his vice president and Friday’s endorsement by Indiana Governor Mike Pence. Americans will elect a successor to President Barack Obama on Nov. 8. Trump, who has amassed 996 delegates, according to an Associated Press count, has momentum behind him and looks increasingly likely to win the nomination outright, without a contested convention, perhaps when California votes on June 7. Indiana has 57 Republican delegates. Three are awarded from each of the state’s nine U.S. congressional districts with the candidate who receives the most votes taking them all. The 30 others are awarded to the candidate who wins the most votes statewide. At a rally in Terre Haute, Indiana, Trump urged Republicans to join his “movement” and turn out for him in big numbers. “The more we can win by in Indiana is so important. It’s a mandate ... a really important mandate. It’s a mandate for change, but not Obama change. Real change. It’s a mandate for genius,” he said. U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, a leading Republican critic of Trump, called him the “most unelectable person” the party could nominate. Graham had sought the nomination himself. “Keep fighting Ted,” Graham told CBS’s “Face the Nation.” On the Democratic side, front-runner Clinton told CNN’s “State of the Union” that rival Bernie Sanders has been “helpful” in bringing millions of people into the party’s presidential race, but it was time for him to step aside. “There comes a time when you have to look at the reality,” said Clinton, who won four of the five Northeastern states that voted last Tuesday and who has a big lead in the delegate race ahead of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on July 25-28. But at a news conference in Washington, Sanders refused to get out, saying he believes the Democratic battle will end up in a contested convention. Sanders said it was nearly impossible for Clinton to win the 2,383 delegates needed for nomination without superdelegates, who are unelected and free to support any candidate they wish. “We intend to fight for every vote and delegate remaining,” he said. Clinton has 2,165 to Sanders’ 1,357 delegates, according to an AP count that includes superdelegates who have said whom they support. In his Fox interview, Trump defended at length his views on foreign policy, which he outlined in a speech last week in Washington that drew criticism for sometimes contradictory views. Trump said he would move quickly to destroy Islamic State’s militancy, but would resist interventionist policies in order to focus on nation-building at home. Trump said “every move we made in the Middle East was wrong” over the past 15 years, with lives and money wasted. He said he would resist such policies. Asked whether the United States should return to working with “strongmen” leaders like the late Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, Trump said: “Isn’t it too bad that we knocked him out in the first place?” ",1
9718,Conservatives in Congress urge shutdown of IRS,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It’s a U.S. taxpayer’s dream: make the Internal Revenue Service go away, and the largest conservative group in Congress is endorsing just that. The Republican Study Committee, which counts over two-thirds of House of Representatives Republicans as its members, called recently for “the complete elimination of the IRS.” The committee’s support for this idea, once confined to the fringes of conservative ideology, suggests it is more widely accepted on Capitol Hill than ever. But many in Washington, including some Republicans, have trouble taking it seriously. Calls to abolish the IRS have not been well thought through, Republican Representative Charles Boustany said in an interview. “Before we start making blanket statements about abolishing the IRS, I think it’s important to focus on what the tax code for the 21st century should look like,” said Boustany, who does not belong to the 172-member study committee. In an election year of dramatic rhetoric that is often short on details, the committee’s proposal, released April 22 and echoing language from a March budget plan, is brief. As part of a wider appeal for federal tax reform, the committee says simply: “This proposal takes the bold step of calling for the complete elimination of the IRS. Tax collection and enforcement activities would be moved to a new, smaller and more accountable department at the Treasury.” No further specifics were offered for how to replace an agency that is already part of the Treasury, collected $3.3 trillion in revenue in 2015 and processed 240 million tax returns. Texas Representative Bill Flores, chairman of the study committee, was not available for comment. His spokeswoman Caitlin Carroll said the IRS closure proposal should be seen as part of a larger push for comprehensive tax reform. Matthew Gardner, head of the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a tax research group, said most tax reform plans would still need a tax collector with enforcement powers. “It’s hard to imagine a situation in which we wouldn’t need a sophisticated tax collection and enforcement capacity,” he said. “We are in an election year, and bashing the IRS is particularly attractive in an election year,” said Steven Rosenthal, senior fellow at the Tax Policy Center think-tank.   From a global perspective, the IRS does a good job, he said, noting that U.S. income tax compliance is about 82 percent, one of the highest levels in the world. Still, in the United States, antipathy for the IRS is widespread and long-standing. One of Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz’s biggest applause lines on the campaign trail is, “Imagine abolishing the IRS!” Asked recently about Cruz’s line and calls to close the agency, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said: “If you want to call it something other than the IRS and that makes you feel better, that’s OK with me. But ultimately you got to have somebody somewhere who collects the information, audits it and makes sure it’s accurate and valid and collects the funding.” Cruz’s tax plan, unveiled in November, would create a flat 10 percent individual income tax and junk the present tax brackets. High-income households would benefit the most under his plan, according to the Tax Policy Center, a joint venture of the Urban Institute and the Brookings Institution. Some Democrats scoff at the IRS closure proposal. “If there are problems at the IRS ... we can straighten it out,” said Democratic Representative Elijah Cummings. He added that Republicans should be wary of advocating an idea that “sounds Trumpish.” Donald Trump, the anti-establishment front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination, has not called for abolition of the IRS.  Congress has cut the IRS’ budget 17 percent in real terms since 2010. In mid-April, the House approved several IRS-bashing bills, including one to prevent it from making new hires until the Treasury certifies no agency employees are seriously delinquent on taxes themselves. That bill and another one that would prevent the IRS from spending user fees it collects without congressional approval have been placed on the Senate calendar by Republican Leader Mitch McConnell. This means they can be brought up for debate and a vote, although no action has been set on either proposal.  The IRS has long been a congressional punching bag. But Republicans have been hitting it harder since the IRS several years ago applied extra scrutiny to conservative groups’ applications for tax-exempt status between 2010 and 2012.  Republican Representative Rob Woodall of Georgia has introduced a bill every year since he entered Congress in 2011 to eliminate income taxes and abolish the IRS. Support for Woodall’s bill has grown to 73 co-sponsors, including the heads of the House tax and budget committees, but it has never advanced. Nor has a similar bill in the Senate. It was unclear how House Speaker Paul Ryan would treat the study committee’s proposal in drafting a party policy agenda ahead of the Republican convention in Cleveland in July. “The speaker welcomes input from the RSC and all members of our conference,” said Ryan spokeswoman AshLee Strong. Ryan has sidestepped calls for abolishing the IRS in the past, while frequently criticizing the agency. ",1
9719,May Day rally in Los Angeles features strong anti-Trump theme ,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Hundreds of people marched through Los Angeles on Sunday in a May Day rally that took aim at Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump for his anti-illegal immigration platform that includes building a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico. The demonstration in America’s second most populous city, which has a large immigrant population, came just days after protesters smashed the window of a police car and blocked traffic outside a Trump campaign event in Costa Mesa, California, 40 miles (64 km) southeast of Los Angeles. On Friday, demonstrators blocked the entrance of a hotel hosting the California Republican convention in Burlingame, south of San Francisco, forcing Trump to halt his motorcade and go through a back entrance to deliver his speech. The rally in Los Angeles remained peaceful and drew smaller crowds than some past May Day demonstrations in the city, with several hundred people marching through downtown at one point but largely dispersing by midafternoon.  Members of the crowd carried a large blow-up effigy of Trump holding a Ku Klux Klan hood, along with signs that read: “Dump Trump.”  “He’s threatened that should he become president of the United States, in his first 18 months in office, he fully intends to deport all 11 million-plus undocumented persons in the United States. We don’t take that lightly,” said Juan Jose Gutierrez, of the Full Rights for Immigrants Coalition. Others waved Mexican or U.S. flags or signs that called for immigration reform and an end to deportations. A Los Angeles Police Department spokeswoman said no arrests were made and there were no reports of violence.  Protests have become common outside rallies for Trump, 69, the New York billionaire businessman. He has aroused criticism for his pledge to deport illegal immigrants, even as it helped propel him in the race for the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama. He has accused Mexico of sending drug dealers and rapists to the United States and has promised to build a wall along the southern border and make Mexico pay for it. Trump said on Sunday he will have essentially sealed the Republican nomination if he wins Tuesday’s contest in Indiana, where he holds a big lead over chief rival Ted Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas. California holds its presidential primary on June 7.  ",1
9720,Obama torches Trump at his final Washington correspondents' dinner,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Saturday took aim at Democrats and Republicans alike in his final appearance headlining the star-studded White House correspondents’ dinner, but saved his sharpest barbs for Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump. “The Republican establishment is incredulous that he’s their most likely nominee,” Obama told attendees at the black-tie event, which brought together journalists and media moguls with Hollywood stars and power brokers from Capitol Hill and beyond. “They say Donald lacks the foreign policy experience to be president. But in fairness he has spent years meeting with leaders from around the world: Miss Sweden, Miss Argentina, Miss Azerbaijan,” the president said to howls of laughter, referring to contestants on the Miss Universe pageant that Trump formerly co-owned. Obama made fun of the angst many in the Republican establishment have expressed at the prospect that Trump or Tea Party candidate Ted Cruz could win the party’s nomination to run in the Nov. 8 presidential election. “Guests were asked to check whether they wanted steak or fish, but instead a whole bunch of you wrote in Paul Ryan,” Obama said, referring to the top Republican in the House of Representatives, who many have hoped could be lured into running for president. “That’s not an option people,” Obama said, displaying comedic chops perfected through seven previous appearances at the annual dinner. “You may not like steak or fish, but that’s your choice.” In his remarks, Obama looked back on his presidency and jokingly predicted the country may be nearing its doom. “The end of the republic has never looked better,” the tuxedo-clad president said looking out at the well-groomed crowd as he blasted Republican Party Chairman Reince Priebus. “Congratulations on all your success,” Obama told Priebus, while wearing a sarcastic grin. “The Republican party, the nomination process – it’s all going great.” Larry Wilmore, the host of a show on cable outlet Comedy Central, took his own shots at Trump when he took the podium after Obama, joking that next year the dinner will be called: “Donald Trump presents a luxurious evening paid for by Mexico.” Trump has famously promised to build a wall between the United States and Mexico to prevent illegal immigration, and he has said he would force Mexico to pay for it. With a bit of nostalgia, Obama reflected on his more than seven years in office, saying he had been a young man of idealism and vigor before he became president. “Eight years ago I said it was time to change the tone of our politics,” Obama said. “In hindsight, I clearly should have been more specific.” ",1
9721,Cash-flush California GOP allows chairman to seek third term,"BURLINGAME, Calif. (Reuters) - The Californian Republican Party voted on Sunday to extend its term limit to allow the former lawmaker who brought the party back from near-bankruptcy in an increasingly Democratic state to seek a third term as chairman. Buoyed by a flush bank account and the prospect that members’ votes will matter in a presidential primary for the first time in decades, GOP members at their annual convention near San Francisco voted for a change to longtime party bylaws to allow former state Senator Jim Brulte to run again next year to be the party’s chairman. “I think he’s a great chairman and he’s done a lot for the party,” said Michael Escoto, 35, a delegate from Los Angeles. Brulte’s strong hand guiding normally fractious California Republicans was clear throughout the three-day convention, where newly energized members were courted by all three candidates vying for the national party’s presidential nomination - Donald Trump, John Kasich and Ted Cruz - along with Carly Fiorina, who is joining Cruz’ campaign as his potential running mate. Since Brulte took the helm of the then-faltering party in 2013, the California GOP has gone from having less than $200,000 in the bank to its current cash on hand of $4.5 million, according to state campaign finance records. Now, positions cut during layoffs a few years ago have been replaced, and the party’s annual convention - previously a sleepy affair - was packed with delegates and guests. The possibility that California’s June primary will matter in the presidential race for the first time in decades if frontrunner Donald Trump does not secure enough delegates before then has energized members. On Friday, anti-Trump protesters blocked the road to the Hyatt Regency hotel near San Francisco International Airport where the convention was held, engaging in scuffles with police and throwing eggs a day after chaotic demonstrations against the candidate in Orange County. Inside, his speech drew a standing ovation, as did appearances later in the weekend by Kasich, Cruz and Fiorina.       Still, Brulte will face a difficult road in a state where Democrats hold all statewide-elected offices and dominate both houses of the legislature.  The Californian Republic Party has become fractured, splitting among Tea Party conservatives, anti-immigration activists, libertarians and an increasingly alienated moderate old guard. There were just under 4.8 million Republicans registered in the state as of Jan. 3, bringing the total down to 27.6 percent of the electorate from 30.4 percent in 2012. ",1
9722,"Facing long odds in California, Cruz courts state's Republicans","BURLINGAME, Calif. (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Ted Cruz made a plea to the California Republican Party on Saturday to line up behind him in the state’s June primary in his uphill battle to stop front-runner Donald Trump from grabbing the nomination. At the same party convention that was the backdrop for chaotic protests against Trump on Friday, Cruz tried to woo party members with support for their long-time issues, such as lower taxes and a harder line on immigration. Former California Governor Pete Wilson gave Cruz his endorsement as he introduced the senator from Texas. Cruz received more applause at the convention than either Trump or third-place candidate Ohio Governor John Kasich, who also spoke on Friday.   “If we’re fractured and we’re divided, Hillary Clinton wins and the campaign is lost,” he said, referring to the Democratic Party’s front-runner in the Nov. 8 election for the White House.  Now mathematically eliminated from securing the nomination on the first ballot at the party’s convention in Cleveland in July, Cruz aims to stop Trump from receiving the 1,237 delegates needed to win the nomination outright, forcing a contested convention.  However, the prospect of him being able to do so has grown increasingly slim. Trump, a billionaire businessman and former reality TV star, has continued to notch up wins in the nation’s nominating contests, including a five-state sweep of the latest string of contests last Tuesday.   Cruz has downplayed the severity of the losses and in his speech Saturday looked forward to upcoming contests, which he has said will put him on the path to thwarting Trump. “California is going to decide this Republican primary,” he said, referring to the state’s June 7 contest. Trump has been at odds with the party’s establishment and has called the system for nominating its candidate “rigged.”  Critics say he has played on the fears of his supporters, especially about immigration, by proposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country and accusing illegal Mexican immigrants of being rapists and criminals. On Thursday and Friday, anti-Trump protests erupted outside the candidate’s California events. On Friday, he was forced to halt his motorcade and go through a back entrance to a hotel to give a speech to the convention and avoid several hundred loud protesters gathered outside. Cruz hopes to slow Trump’s march toward the nomination in Indiana’s primary on Tuesday. The state awards its 57 delegates on a winner-take-all basis by congressional district, possibly granting Cruz a windfall of pledged delegates.  A Real Clear Politics polling aggregation in the state shows Cruz just behind Trump, 35.2 percent to 37.5 percent.  Polls show Cruz has more of a challenge in delegate-rich California, where he lags Trump 28.3 percent to 45.7 percent.    In an indication of efforts to court the state, Cruz on Wednesday made the unusual move of naming a vice presidential running mate, onetime presidential hopeful Carly Fiorina, who was formerly a chief executive of the California technology company Hewlett-Packard Co.  On Saturday night, she urged the crowd of party faithful, many of whom had backed her as the party’s nominee in a failed bid for U.S. senate in 2010, to join her in supporting Cruz. In a dynamic and combative speech, she urged Kasich to get out of the race, and challenged the idea that Trump had locked up the nomination. “Donald Trump was here yesterday and he was telling you it’s over,” Fiorina said. “But the 30-yard line ain’t a touchdown.”      ",1
9723,Anti-Trump protests break out for second day in California,"BURLINGAME, Calif. (Reuters) - Protests erupted in California for the second day in a row on Friday against U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump, who is moving closer to winning the Republican nomination after a string of victories this week.  The billionaire businessman was forced to halt his motorcade and go through a back entrance to a hotel to give a speech to the California Republican convention and avoid several hundred loud protesters gathered outside. “That was not the easiest entrance I’ve ever made,” Trump told the gathering in Burlingame, south of San Francisco, after weaving around a barrier and clambering across a road to get to the venue. “It felt like I was crossing the border actually.” Demonstrators, some of whom held Mexican national flags, at one point rushed security gates at the hotel and police officers had their batons out.     The mogul had already drawn protests in California, with chaotic scenes on Thursday outside a Trump rally in Costa Mesa. Anti-Trump protesters smashed the window of a police car and blocked traffic. Some 20 people were arrested. Protests have become common outside rallies for Trump who has earned ardent critics, as well as support from Republican voters, for his rhetoric against illegal immigration. His campaign abandoned a rally in Chicago last month after clashes between his supporters and protesters.         He has accused Mexico of sending drug dealers and rapists across the U.S. border and has promised to build a wall and make Mexico pay for it. Trump, who described himself this week as the party’s presumptive nominee, would take a large stride toward knocking his Republican rivals out of the presidential race if he wins the Indiana primary next week.                  On Friday, he said he is approaching the 1,237 delegates needed to clinch the nomination. Trump, who has run as a political outsider and only recently started making inroads with the Republican establishment, called for the party to band together behind him. But said he could win the White House without them if needed.  “There should be and there has to be unity. Now with that being said, would I win, can I win without it? I think so, to be honest,” Trump told the convention. His speech drew applause, though not the fervent reception of his usual campaign rallies. Trump’s main rival, Senator Ted Cruz, on Friday picked up the backing of Governor Mike Pence of Indiana in a rearguard battle to damage Trump’s chances.                 “I’m not against anybody, but I will be voting for Ted Cruz in the upcoming Republican primary,” Pence said on an Indiana radio show.  Cruz, from Texas, is trailing the former reality TV star in the Midwestern state after losing to him by a wide margin in all five Northeastern states that held nominating contests on Tuesday.                A CBS poll earlier this week found Trump with about 40 percent of support in Indiana, compared to 35 percent for Cruz. The poll had a margin of error of 6.6 points. Other polls have also shown Trump ahead.     The Republican front-runner was in California ahead of its June 7 primary, when the most convention delegates of the Republican nominating cycle will be at stake.  After his speech, Trump made a similarly unconventional exit out of the hotel via the back door. Cheryl McDonald, 71, of Discovery Bay, said she had to pass through protesters to get inside the hotel. “They were yelling. I think the only words they know in the dictionary are profanities,” said McDonald, who said she is a Trump supporter. Ohio Governor John Kasich, a distant third in the race for the party’s nomination, distanced himself from what he said was a divisive campaign that preyed on voters’ fears. “I’m worried about a divided, polarized country,” Kasich said. “It doesn’t have to be that way.” ",1
9724,U.S. West Point academy set for first woman dean in two century history,"(Reuters) - The United States Military Academy is poised to have its first woman dean in its 216-year history after President Barack Obama nominated to the post a West Point graduate who currently leads the school’s Department of Social Sciences. Colonel Cindy Jebb, who holds a Ph.D. in political science from Duke University, needs confirmation from the U.S. Senate to take on the post. If approved, she would be promoted to brigadier general and serve as West Point’s dean of the Academic Board, the U.S. Military Academy said in a statement on Friday. “She’s revered amongst the faculty and cadets and we’re lucky to have her,” West Point superintendent, Lieutenant General Robert Caslen, said in the statement. The military academy in New York state was founded in 1802 and its graduates typically serve as Army officers. It accepted its first female cadets in 1976. In January, the academy swore in it first female commandant of cadets.  ",1
9725,"U.S., European trade negotiators battle political headwinds","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Facing deeply entrenched differences and political headwinds, the top negotiators trying to reach a sweeping U.S.-European free trade deal avoided agriculture, public procurement and other thorny issues in talks this week. Instead, Assistant U.S. Trade Representative Daniel Mullaney and European Commission lead negotiator Ignacio Garcia Bercera said on Friday they concentrated on less controversial areas such as small and medium enterprises and technical language. But both insisted after their 13th negotiating round in New York that they can still reach a deal this year before U.S. President Barack Obama leaves office in January. Mullaney said concerns over a June referendum in Britain over whether to leave the European Union would not slow efforts to reach a deal to boost trade, investment and job growth on both continents, and nor would anti-trade rhetoric from the U.S. presidential campaign trail.   “We’re confident that we can achieve that kind of an agreement and that when we do, later this year, it’ll be an agreement that the public on both sides of the Atlantic can support,” Mullaney said. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has said he would scrap the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal and has been especially critical of the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement for “destroying” U.S. jobs. Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, has also said TPP is unacceptable in its current form. “I haven’t seen a worse political environment for trade deals” negotiations, said Robert Vastine, a former president of the Coalition of Service Industries, who gave a presentation on services at a forum on the sidelines of the New York talks.   He said the sour environment was contributing to the slow pace of talks and a lack of enthusiasm for making concessions, particularly when any deal would need to be approved under a new U.S. president. In Europe, too, the political environment is challenging, with widespread opposition to allowing more imports of U.S. agricultural products over concerns about genetically modified foods, hormone-raised beef and fierce protection of local food-naming rules for items from Asiago cheese to Parma ham. A new survey released this week by the Bertelsmann Foundation showed waning support for a TTIP deal in both Germany and the United States. The poll, conducted by YouGov, showed that only 17 percent of Germans believe TTIP is a good thing versus 55 percent two years ago. In the United States, only 18 percent of those polled supported such a deal, versus 53 percent in 2014. France has voiced particular frustration at the lack of movement on the U.S. side. French Trade Minister Matthias Fekl this month suggested the talks should be scrapped absent further progress. John Wilson, senior vice president of the Dairy Farmers of America, told the New York forum that his cooperative of 8,500 farms would oppose TTIP unless U.S.-made cheese can break into Europe’s closely guarded naming rules, known as “geographic indications.” “We’ve been producing Asiago cheese for a long time. It’s a common name, it’s a generic name,” he said. European Commission agricultural negotiator John Clarke shot back that Europe would fiercely defend its geographical indications, including Asiago, from U.S. imports.   “You will certainly not be able to export Asiago from the USA to Europe. That’s absolutely impossible,” Clarke said. The services sector remains another problem area, with U.S. officials insisting Europe drop exclusions for some 200 sectors, and European officials frustrated at the U.S. refusal to open up its coastal maritime transport sector. The EU’s Garcia Bercera said he was mindful of the public debate in the negotiations. “We believe that the task is to convince public opinion in Europe and the United States that trade agreements are instruments to better manage globalization,” he said. ",1
9726,Indiana Governor Pence says he will back Cruz for president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Indiana Governor Mike Pence said on Friday he would vote for Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz in the state’s primary next week, calling him a “principled conservative” who represented the ideas of former Republican President Ronald Reagan. In announcing his decision to back Cruz, Pence praised Republican front-runner Donald Trump and said he would work hard to get the eventual Republican nominee elected in November. ",1
9727,Trump praises Sanders but may struggle to win over his voters,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As Donald Trump moves closer to clinching the Republican presidential nomination, he has offered lavish praise for Bernie Sanders, who faces increasingly slim chances in his battle with Hillary Clinton in the Democratic race. Trump has begun calling for Sanders to run as an independent if he does not win the Democratic nomination and said he may borrow talking points from Sanders’ speeches criticizing Clinton to use in a possible matchup with the former secretary of state in the Nov. 8 general election. “He said some things about her that were so incredible – incredible – and so incredibly bad,” Trump said on Tuesday after sweeping five Northeastern primaries, adding Sanders had “been telling the truth.” Yet data and interviews with Sanders supporters suggest that winning over large numbers of them may be difficult for the New York billionaire businessman.  Even though Trump, 69, and Sanders, 74, a U.S. senator from Vermont, emphasize some common themes such as criticism of Wall Street and international trade agreements, there is only limited crossover appeal between the two candidates, according to Reuters/Ipsos data.  Among voters who back Trump, just 12 percent said Sanders would be their second choice if Trump were not in the race, only slightly higher than the 7 percent who said Clinton would be their next pick. Sanders supporters were even less willing than Trump backers to consider crossing over. Just 8 percent of Sanders supporters said they would vote for Trump as their second choice, roughly the same as the portion of voters who listed Trump’s Republican rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich as their second choice.  Sanders supporter Joseph Hayes, 37, of Oregon, still has hope for his candidate. But if it comes down to Trump or Clinton, Hayes said it was an easy, if unpleasant, choice. “I would have to vote for Hillary. Reluctantly so, but I would,” he said. People who outwardly back both Sanders and Trump are even more of a rarity. Donor rolls show just over two dozen voters willing to support both Trump and Sanders financially. “I think Bernie Sanders is too poor to be bought, and I think Donald Trump is too rich to be bought by special interests,” said Royce Gourley, a real estate investor, who gave $2,500 to Sanders and $2,700 to Trump, Federal Election Commission filings show.  But Trump could find an opening as both he and Sanders have gained strong followings among voters looking for an outsider candidate who will shake up the Washington establishment.  Both have made significant inroads among laborers and union members who support their opposition to U.S. trade agreements, including the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which critics say threaten U.S. jobs.  But the two are far apart on many issues, especially immigration. Trump has proposed building a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico and has proposed a temporary ban on Muslims seeking to enter the country.  Sanders has called such proposals “crap” and often criticizes what he calls “inhumane” deportation programs.  For Sanders supporters like Dave Berry, 62, of Tacoma, Washington, the wooing may pay off as voters weigh the decision to stick with their party or stir things up in Washington.  “I will probably put a check in Trump’s column (in the general election),” Berry said of a possible Trump-Clinton general election contest. He said he did not think the former reality TV star could win, but felt good about making Clinton uneasy about her prospects of securing an easy win.  One risk for Clinton is Sanders voters who may sit out the election or choose a third-party candidate if their favorite is not on the ballot.  Valerie Benson, 80, of Cleveland, said that if it came down to Trump against Clinton, “I don’t know that I would vote for anybody then.” ",1
9728,Oklahoma lawmakers approve bill to revoke licenses of abortion doctors," (Corrects first paragraph of April 22 item to show that bill has not been sent to the governor and adds third paragraph to explain status) By Heide Brandes OKLAHOMA CITY (Reuters) - An Oklahoma bill that could revoke the license of any doctor who performs an abortion may soon head to the governor, with opponents saying the measure in unconstitutional and promising a legal battle against the cash-strapped state if it is approved. In the Republican-dominated legislature, the state’s House of Representatives overwhelmingly approved a Senate bill late on Thursday. Governor Mary Fallin, a Republican, has not yet indicated whether she will sign it. The Senate needs to approve minor changes to the bill before it can go to the governor, lawmakers said. Under the bill, doctors who perform abortions would risk losing their medical licenses. Exemptions would be given for those who perform the procedure for reasons including protecting the mother or removing a miscarried fetus. “This is our proper function, to protect life,” said Senator Nathan Dahm, the Republican who authored the bill. A handful of representatives argued against the bill, saying it violated the Constitution by prohibiting a doctor from performing a medical procedure that was legal under law. “Oklahoma politicians have made it their mission year after year to restrict women’s access vital health care services, yet this total ban on abortion is a new low,” said Amanda Allen, senior state legislative counsel at the Center for Reproductive Rights. The lobbying group and several other abortion rights organizations have promised court challenges if the bill is enacted.  Supporters of the bill said it will help protect the sanctity of life. “If we take care of morality,” bill supporter David Brumbaugh, a Republican, said during deliberations, “God will take care of the economy.” ",1
9729,"From bikers to truckers, pro-Trump groups plan forceful presence in Cleveland","(Reuters) - When Chris Cox rolls into Cleveland in mid-July with other motorcycle-riding supporters of Donald Trump, he plans to celebrate the billionaire’s coronation as the Republican presidential nominee. He also counts on joining protests if a battle over the nomination ensues. “I’m anticipating we’ll be doing a victory dance,” said Cox, 47, a chainsaw artist and founder of Bikers for Trump, thousands of whom he estimates will hit the Ohio city for the July 18-21 Republican National Convention.  “But if the Republican Party tries to pull off any backroom deals and ignores the will of the people, our role will change.” Bikers For Trump is part of a diverse array of groups coordinating to hold thousands-strong protests and marches if the real-estate mogul is denied outright victory at the Republican Party’s nominating convention in Cleveland.  The risks of confrontation and violence surrounding Trump events were highlighted again on Thursday, when around 20 people were arrested following clashes between anti-Trump protesters and police outside a rally for the candidate in California. It was the worst outbreak of violence since Trump was forced to cancel a rally in Chicago in mid-March. Anti-Trump protests are expected in Cleveland. In late March, the left-leaning National Lawyers Guild held a conference in the city to coordinate legal support to protesters in the event of mass arrests during demonstrations. Leaders and members of the pro-Trump groups told Reuters their main goal is to mount a show of support for their candidate, who after a series of primary victories this week looks increasingly likely to clinch the nomination outright ahead of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich. But if he falls short of the required 1,237 delegates, raising the risk he could lose out in a contested convention, they said they plan to do all they can to exert pressure on party leaders to prevent someone else getting the nomination. Several Trump supporters suggested that tensions could escalate if the party was seen as trying to deny Trump the nomination despite his commanding lead in delegates won in primary contests. “The plan either way is send a message to the Republican establishment to respect our votes,” said Ralph King, a member of the Cleveland Tea Party. “If the party tries to parachute in a white knight to steal the nomination, it’s not going to end well.”   Trump has said that if he fails to get the nomination there will be “riots.” Though there have been violent incidents at some Trump rallies, organizers insist they work closely with the authorities to avoid violence. The U.S. Secret Service is the lead agency for the convention. Its spokeswoman Nicole Mainor said protests or violence for such an event are “factored into all of our contingency plans that have been built up over many, many months.” The Cleveland Division of Police also has a security plan in place as it does for all major events of this kind, a spokeswoman said in an email, without providing further details. Bikers for Trump, which Cox founded in August and which he claims has 30,000 members and rising, is just one of a mixed bag of pro-Trump groups that aim to be in Cleveland. Reuters could not independently verify Cox’s membership claims for the group, which has provided unofficial security at Trump rallies around the country. Pro-Trump groups planning a presence in Cleveland include some Tea Party-affiliated organizations, a new group called Stop The Steal led by Trump ally Roger Stone, Citizens for Trump, and the Truckers for Trump group.  King, a veteran of Tea Party rallies, is coordinating with other groups and local police to obtain permits for marches and protests during the convention, and to hold a major rally in downtown Cleveland that will then march on the convention site. Stone plans to raise $262,000 through online donations to hire buses and is negotiations with colleges in the Cleveland area on sleeping space for activists. He says he wants Republican delegates Trump has won in primaries to sign a “voluntary pledge” to back him beyond the first ballot should there be a contested convention. He did not disclose how much money the group has raised. Citizens for Trump co-founder Tim Selaty says he will have activists filming events inside the convention center and broadcasting them live on social media “to document every move.” “If Mr. Trump walks into the convention center a couple of hundred votes ahead of Cruz and loses the nomination, it will not be a pretty scene,” Selaty said. Truckers for Trump says it has 4,000 members and that more than 1,000 are committed to driving their big rigs to Cleveland. The pro-Trump groups say they are not seeking confrontation but fear that opponents of their candidate might start trouble.      “Our members will instructed that if there’s trouble to stand back and let law enforcement do its job,” said Matthew Heimbach, founder of the Traditionalist Workers Party, a “pro-white nationalist, pro-working class” party, which plans to have a few dozen members in Cleveland. It is unclear is how many nationalists or white supremacists might attend. Trump has adherents on the far right, including former Klu Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke, who told his radio show listeners in February that voting for anyone other than Trump was “treason to your heritage.” The National Socialist Movement, a prominent white nationalist group, told Reuters it did not plan any events.  Brian Culpepper, a spokesman for the Detroit-based group and a Trump supporter, said many members support the mogul. But it does not officially back Republican or Democratic office seekers as it wishes to replace the current system with a white nationalist power structure. “Our members are free to attend events in Cleveland as individuals,” Culpepper said. “But we do not plan anything as a group.” ",1
9730,Brady Campaign's ad draws ire of U.S. anti-gun violence activists,"BOSTON (Reuters) - The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence said on Friday it has sharply cut back an online ad that had used the names and faces of mass shooters and urged the news media not to identify them after the group drew criticism from other gun control activists. The group, named for former White House spokesman James Brady, who was wounded in 1981 when a gunman tried to assassinate then-President Ronald Reagan, rolled out the “Zero Minutes of Fame” campaign earlier this week. Its goal, the group said, was to promote research showing that mass shooters, such as those who carried out the 2012 attacks in Newtown, Connecticut and Aurora, Colorado, had studied past gun attacks before carrying out their own. The prominent use of the names and images of Adam Lanza, who shot dead 20 children and six educators at a Newtown elementary school, and James Holmes, who fatally shot 12 people at an Aurora movie theater, in the two-minute online spot angered fellow anti-gun-violence campaigners. The Brady Campaign's ad prompted a petition (chn.ge/1SCfovp) on activist website Change.org calling for the ad to be taken down. Some 93 people had signed that petition as of midday Friday.  “It was very hurtful to many gun violence victims and survivors,” said Anita Busch, a Los Angeles-based entertainment journalist whose cousin was slain in the Aurora massacre and who said she posted the petition. “For the Brady Campaign to not get it is just shocking, honestly.” The ad marked the launch of a piece of software for Google’s (GOOGL.O) Chrome web browser that promised to remove the names and images of serial killers from news accounts and Google web searches, replacing them with “(name withheld out of respect for the victims).” The Brady Campaign, one of the most prominent U.S. gun control organizations, said on Friday it had cut back the ad’s contents after the complaints. A 14-second version of the ad viewed on Friday featured no names or images of mass shooters. “Our video was meant to educate the broader American public about what we can do to prevent gun violence, not to upset those hardest hit by it,” Dan Gross, the group’s president, said in an e-mailed statement. “We take this matter seriously and hope the steps we have taken to fix this are satisfactory to our victim advocates.” James Brady survived the 1981 attack and went on to become a prominent gun control activist. He died in 2014. ",1
9731,Oklahoma legislation aims to ensure punishment for sex crimes,"OKLAHOMA CITY (Reuters) - Oklahoma lawmakers will take up legislation next week aimed at ensuring sex crimes do not go unpunished in the state because the victims were unconscious or intoxicated when they occurred.  In March, Oklahoma’s highest criminal court ruled the state’s rape law addresses sexual assault cases involving people who were either unconscious or intoxicated when they were victims of abuse. But the court ruled that Oklahoma’s forcible sodomy law, which also pertains to oral sex, did not address such cases. The ruling was in response to allegations that a Tulsa teenager sexually assaulted a girl who had passed out after a night of drinking. A lower court judge had dismissed the case last year. Oklahoma Representative Scott Biggs, a Republican, said on Friday he is filing legislation to define forcible sodomy in a way that includes unconscious victims. The bill, which is widely supported, is expected to be heard by the Oklahoma legislature in the coming week, Biggs said. “The judges made a grave error, but if they need more clarification, we are happy to give it to them by fixing the statute,” Biggs said in an interview. The state’s highest criminal appeals court said in its ruling: “Sodomy cannot occur where a victim is so intoxicated as to be completely unconscious at the time of the sexual act of oral copulation.”  It added, “we will not, in order to justify prosecution of a person for an offense, enlarge a statute beyond the fair meaning of its language.” The ruling in March had gone mostly unnoticed until the public interest journalism site Oklahoma Watch reported on it this month, sparking a public outcry. The case from 2014 involved two high school students who were drinking and smoking marijuana with friends. The boy testified the oral sex was consensual but the girl said it was not, according to Oklahoma Watch, which added that the teen’s DNA was found on the girl. “Unfortunately, legal minds often get stuck on questions of semantics, when it is clear to most of us what the intent of the law is,” Biggs said. “I can’t stress enough how sorry I am for the victim and that she was denied justice,” he added. ",1
9732,About 20 demonstrators arrested outside of Trump rally in California ,"(Reuters) - Some 20 demonstrators were arrested on Thursday outside a Donald Trump campaign rally in southern California, where the Republican presidential front-runner vowed to his supporters to get tough on illegal immigration if elected.  Demonstrators smashed the window of a police squad car, marched in protest and blocked traffic as police in riot gear tried to disperse the crowd outside of the county fair grounds in Costa Mesa, California, according to local media and the Twitter account of the Orange County Sheriff’s Department.   The department said on its Twitter account that about 20 arrests were made and that no major injuries were reported. Trump visited Costa Mesa, a city of more than 100,000 people, a third of whom are Hispanic or Latino, hoping to garner support in California where voters will go to the polls during the state’s Republican primary on June 7.     A strong primary win in California for the billionaire could thrust him above the delegate count needed to secure the Republican nomination for president and avoid a contested party convention in July.      During the campaign stop on Thursday, Trump promised to get tough on illegal immigration by building a wall on the border between Mexico and the United States, a popular theme of his presidential campaign, suggesting that a wall would stop drugs from coming into this country.   “The drugs are poisoning our youth and a lot of other people and we are going to get it stopped,” he said, telling the crowd that he would force Mexico to pay for the wall.   After the event, local news showed hundreds of demonstrators surrounding vehicles, waving Mexican flags and holding signs in protest of Trump outside of the Orange County Fair and Event Center. At least one demonstrator was shown jumping on the top of a police car while other demonstrators were seen shaking a police vehicle.  A Los Angeles Times reporter posted a photo on Twitter of a man wearing a Trump T-shirt with a bloodied face.  Trump has come under fire from rivals for fueling unrest with his rhetoric as several of his rallies around the country have been met by protests during the last several months. ",1
9733,Trump's 'America first' speech alarms U.S. allies,"LONDON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s first major foreign policy address alarmed American allies, who view the Republican front runner’s repeated invocation of an “America first” agenda as a threat to retreat from the world. While most governments were careful not to comment publicly on a speech by a U.S. presidential candidate, Germany’s foreign minister veered from that protocol to express concern at Trump’s wording. “I can only hope that the election campaign in the USA does not lack the perception of reality,” Frank-Walter Steinmeier said. “The world’s security architecture has changed and it is no longer based on two pillars alone. It cannot be conducted unilaterally,” he said of foreign policy in a post-Cold War world. “No American president can get round this change in the international security architecture.... ‘America first’ is actually no answer to that.” Carl Bildt, a former Swedish prime minister and foreign minister who served as UN envoy to the Balkans in the aftermath of the Yugoslav wars of the 1990s, said he heard Trump’s speech as “abandoning both democratic allies and democratic values”. “Trump had not a word against Russian aggression in Ukraine, but plenty against past U.S. support for democracy in Egypt,” Bildt said on Twitter, referring to lines from Trump’s speech that criticized the Barack Obama administration for withdrawing support for autocrat Hosni Mubarak during a 2011 uprising. Trump’s speech, uncharacteristically read out from a teleprompter, seemed aimed at showing a more serious side of a politician who has said he intends to act more “presidential” after months of speaking mainly off the cuff. He promised “a disciplined, deliberate and consistent foreign policy” in contrast to the “reckless, rudderless and aimless” policies of Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Trump’s likely Democratic opponent if he secures the Republican nomination. The speech included no dramatic new policy proposals that might generate headlines, such as his past calls to bar Muslims from entering the United States or to build a wall on the frontier with Mexico. Where he was specific, like rejecting the terms of last year’s nuclear deal with Iran, calling for more investment in missile defense in Europe and accusing the Obama administration of tepid support for Israel, he was firmly within the Republican mainstream.  A major theme — that more NATO allies should spend at least 2 percent of their economic output on defense — is one that has also been taken up by the Obama administration itself, including repeatedly during the president’s visit to Europe last week. Nevertheless, Trump’s rhetoric raised alarm in allied countries that still rely on the superpower for defense, particularly the phrase “America first”, used in the 1930s by isolationists that sought to keep the United States out of World War Two. Former South Korean Vice Foreign Minister Kim Sung-han, who now teaches at the Korea University in Seoul, said Trump would be “the first isolationist to be U.S. presidential candidate, while in the post-war era all the U.S. presidents have been to varying degrees internationalists.” “Saying the U.S. will no longer engage in anything that is a burden in terms of its relationships with allies, it would be almost like abandoning those alliances,” he said. “It will inevitably give rise to anti-American sentiment worldwide.” Xenia Wickett, head of the U.S. and Americas Programme at Britain’s Chatham House think tank, said the speech “suggests Trump would make America’s allies less secure rather than more. “He talked about allies being confident but all of his rhetoric suggested that America should be unpredictable and that America’s allies needed to stand up for themselves.” Earlier in the U.S. nomination process, foreign leaders were not shy to condemn Trump openly and publicly. In December, when Trump called for his temporary ban on admitting Muslims, British Prime Minister David Cameron called him “divisive, stupid and wrong”. Hundreds of thousands of Britons signed a petition calling for Trump to be banned from Britain for hate speech, which was taken up in parliament. Cameron declined to ban Trump, but said: “If he came to visit our country, I think he would unite us against him.” In January, German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel lumped Trump together with the leaders of European far-right parties as “not only a threat to peace and social cohesion, but also to economic development”. These days, with Trump now seen as likely to win his party’s nomination, European officials are more circumspect in public, but sound no less alarmed in private. A Trump presidency “would be a disaster for EU-U.S. ties,” said one senior EU official involved in shaping foreign policy in Brussels. “Right now, we and the Obama administration generally understand each other. I don’t think we understand Donald Trump. He has no understanding of the delicate, complex nature of foreign policy on Europe’s doorstep.” Nevertheless, some of the policies Trump shares with other Republicans do have sympathetic audiences abroad. Ryszard Terlecki, head of the parliamentary group of Poland’s ruling rightwing Law and Justice party, said Trump had a point when criticizing the Obama administration for backing away from plans for increased missile defense. “This decision influenced very badly the security of this part of Europe. If it weren’t for that, the conflict in Ukraine would not escalate,” he told Reuters. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has strongly opposed the Obama administration’s deal with Iran, and Trump’s speech, like an earlier one to a pro-Israel lobby group in Washington, went down well with some right-leaning Israelis. “Trump wants an America that is decent, strong, loyal - but also no patsy. And he sees in Israel the most loyal ally of the U.S.” wrote Boaz Bismuth, diplomatic correspondent for the pro-Netanyahu daily Israel Hayom. In the Arab world, where governments and their citizens are also alarmed at the rise of non-Arab Iran, Trump’s strong rejection of the deal with Tehran is a popular position that would have been embraced if expressed by another candidate. But Trump’s previous call to ban Muslims from the United States has made him anathema in the region. Emirati political analyst Abdulkhaleq Abdullah said no speech would be enough to salvage his reputation there: “He’s a racist and a chauvinist who will never be widely welcomed in the Arab world.” Or, as Kuwaiti twitter user Mohammed al-Ammar wrote: “Some of his speech is correct and logical, but the problem is, he’s still #Trump.” ",1
9734,Biden visits Iraq in show of support amid multiple crises,"ERBIL, Iraq/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden met Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and other top officials in unannounced visits to Baghdad and Erbil on Thursday to show support for a government battling Islamic State amid political and economic crises. It was the first visit for Biden, the White House’s point person on Iraq, since U.S. forces withdrew in 2011 after nearly nine years of occupation. He was the third and highest-level U.S. official to visit the country this month. Islamic State, also known as ISIL, seized large portions of Iraq and neighboring Syria in 2014. Iraqi forces have won back some territory, such as the western city of Ramadi, but often after long battles that have left the areas destroyed. Biden’s trip, several months in the planning, is a sign of the progress Washington believes Iraqi forces have made in beating back the militants over the past year and its hope that the northern city of Mosul can be recaptured before U.S. President Barack Obama leaves office in January. “This is a good indication of the United States’ continued support for Prime Minister Abadi’s efforts to unify the nation of Iraq to confront ISIL,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. The vice president has close relationships with Iraqi leaders and speaks with them about every 10 days. Still, “there’s no substitute for being able to sit down face-to-face,” a U.S. official said. Biden, a longtime U.S. senator before becoming vice president in 2009, said he had been to Iraq almost 30 times during his career. His first stop on Thursday was Baghdad where he met Abadi and Parliament Speaker Salim al-Jabouri to discuss “progress” in the fight against Islamic State, including plans to retake Mosul. “It’s real. It’s serious. It’s committed,” Biden told reporters. Iraqi officials say they will retake Mosul this year but, in private, many question whether that is possible. Biden hopes some progress can be made before the extreme summer heat, a senior administration official said. He later flew to Erbil, the capital of Iraq’s autonomous Kurdish region, for a 90-minute working dinner with the Kurdistan region’s president, Massoud Barzani, to discuss the Mosul offensive in which Kurdish peshmerga forces are expected to have a critical role. The peshmerga have emerged as a key component of a U.S.-led coalition’s strategy to “degrade and destroy” Islamic State, driving the insurgents back in northern Iraq with the help of air strikes despite a financial crisis that has made it difficult to pay salaries. Biden’s trip also served to counter a “misperception in the region” that Iran, which backs powerful Shi’ite Muslim militias fighting Islamic State in Iraq, has undue influence in the nation, the U.S. official added. But it comes at a turbulent time in Iraqi politics. Abadi has faced resistance to a government overhaul aimed at tackling corruption. He won lawmakers’ approval to replace a handful of ministers on Tuesday after delays and disruptions. The political battle has also sparked populist protests that forced the government to bring back troops from the front lines to secure the capital. U.S. officials have expressed concern that unrest could distract from the war effort. Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Ash Carter visited Baghdad earlier this month to show their support. “It’s been a pretty all-consuming political affair,” a senior U.S. official told reporters, noting recent signs of a “calmer trajectory” in the drama. Obama has said he has seen “momentum” in the efforts of the coalition fighting Islamic State, and recently authorized more U.S. forces to go to Iraq and Syria to help train and assist local fighters. Their goal is to help Iraqi and Kurdish forces retake Mosul by the end of the year. The United States has already redeployed several thousand troops to Iraq to help defeat Islamic State. The White House is concerned that not enough is being spent to rebuild parts of Iraq devastated by the fight, a deficit made worse by the low price of oil, Iraq’s main revenue source. The United Nations is urgently seeking $400 million from Washington and its allies for reconstruction, while Obama asked Gulf Arab leaders to assist during a visit to Riyadh last week. He also discussed the issue with European leaders in London and Hanover, Germany, and told reporters Iraqi reconstruction would be a topic for the G7 meeting in Japan next month and for NATO. Biden, whose late son Beau spent a year in Iraq with the Army, later spoke with U.S. troops and embassy workers. He showed them a daily tally of the number of U.S. troops serving, killed and injured in the line of duty that he carries in his front suit pocket. “The history of this region is a nightmare from which everyone is constantly trying to awake,” he said, adapting a line from Irish novelist James Joyce. ",1
9735,"After long delay, U.S. Senate approves envoy to Mexico","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday confirmed President Barack Obama’s nominee for ambassador to Mexico after a long delay and behind-the-scenes maneuvering that included renewing sanctions imposed on Venezuelans and a State Department authorization bill. Obama nominated career diplomat Roberta Jacobson for the Mexico City post in June, but she faced resistance from a few lawmakers for reasons including her role in helping negotiate Obama’s relations with Communist-ruled Cuba and concerns the administration had failed to make human rights a priority. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee backed her nomination in November, but Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida placed a “hold” that kept her confirmation vote from going ahead. Rubio, who is Cuban-American and a former 2016 Republican presidential candidate, opposes Obama’s moves toward normalizing relations with Havana and often pushes for the White House to take a stronger stand on human rights issues in Latin America. This month, Republican leaders and Obama administration officials came to Rubio to ask what would make him lift his hold on Jacobson. He asked for an extension of a bill he introduced last year imposing sanctions on Venezuelans for human rights violations in connection with the suppression of anti-government protests. The Senate approved a three-year extension of the sanctions measure on Thursday evening. The chamber also approved a State Department authorization bill that was being blocked by Republican Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who is still in the race for the Republican presidential nomination. A Senate aide said Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he would block Rubio’s Venezuela bill if Rubio did not lobby Cruz to drop his hold on the State Department measure. Cruz dropped his opposition, and the State Department bill also passed the Senate by unanimous voice vote on Thursday night.  Spokesmen for Rubio, Cruz and Corker declined to comment.  Secretary of State John Kerry said he was pleased the Senate “finally” confirmed Jackson. “No one is more qualified than Roberta to represent the United States in Mexico,” he said in a statement. ",1
9736,"Trump attacks Clinton on gender, risking backlash from women","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump waded into politically risky territory this week when he accused Democrat Hillary Clinton of exploiting her gender to win votes and said she would have little support if she were not a woman. As Trump and Clinton, fresh off big wins in five Northeastern state primaries on Tuesday, circled each other for a potential matchup in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election, his comments portended what could be an unusually nasty campaign. Like other controversial remarks during his White House campaign, Trump’s comments drew criticism from a wide spectrum but also reinforced his image - which has been attractive to some supporters - for plain talk that defies political norms. “The only thing she’s got going is the fact that she’s a woman,” Trump, 69, said on Thursday on NBC’s “Today” show, refusing to back down from targeting Clinton, 68, for what he called “playing the woman’s card.”     Trump’s remarks, reaching into an area of gender attacks that is conventionally seen as off-limits, energized Democrats. “Keep talking, Donald Trump,” Democratic Committee National Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz told CNN on Wednesday. “Every single day when Donald Trump opens his mouth, he does more to alienate women.” Trump, unfazed by the criticism, told supporters in Evansville, Indiana, that he has gotten a bad rap. “Nobody cherishes and nobody respects women more than Donald Trump,” he said after being introduced by famed former Indiana University basketball coach Bobby Knight. “I will be so much better to women than Hillary Clinton.” Trump, who can be as free with his personal attacks on men,  has consistently polled poorly with women. Democrats and Republicans both accuse Trump of sexism over verbal insults lobbed at Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly and former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina. On Wednesday, Trump’s closest Republican rival, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, named Fiorina, 61, as his running mate should he win the party’s nomination, a move that could help him draw women’s support. “Donald has a problem with strong women,” Cruz, 45, told reporters in Fort Wayne, Indiana, before a rally. “This is not subtle, it’s not complicated.” U.S. Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer, who fended off a 2010 Senate challenge from Fiorina, said Trump is insulting all women when he attacks Clinton and other prominent women, such as Kelly, in this way. “Either Trump has spent too much time in his Trump Tower and has no clue about what’s happening, or he truly dislikes women and are quite threatened by them,” Boxer said on MSNBC. But Trump said women would support his positions on security and jobs. U.S. Representative Renee Ellmers, a Republican who has endorsed him, said she believed Trump could overcome his unpopularity with women voters with his straight talk. “To me, this is breaking all the rules, this is going against any of the typical history books and elections of the past,” she said. Trump’s top aide and other supporters said focusing on Clinton’s gender was part of Trump’s emerging strategy for the general election and that he had no intention of hewing to traditional rules. “When he is attacked, he will respond,” Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, told Reuters. “The campaign is going to proceed under the mantra, which we’ve had in this campaign from Day One, which is: Let Mr. Trump be Mr. Trump.” A Reuters/Ipsos poll this month showed a big gender gap in opinions about Trump. About two-thirds of women had an unfavorable view of the billionaire businessman and former reality TV star, while 54 percent of men had a negative view of him. In her political career, Clinton has sometimes benefited from missteps by male candidates. Her 2000 U.S. Senate rival, New York Republican Rick Lazio, was seen as a bully when he stepped close to her on stage during a debate to demand she sign a pledge.  Early in her first presidential campaign in 2008, Clinton accused her male opponents of “piling on” and said that would prompt more women to support her. Then-Senator Barack Obama’s comments during a debate in New Hampshire that year that she was “likable enough” were seen by some as patronizing, and as helping her win the state’s primary. If Trump wins the nomination, his willingness to raise Clinton’s gender and other issues could make for one of the most contentious general election campaigns in recent history. “I don’t think there’s going to be any taboos with Donald Trump,” said James Pethokoukis, a scholar with the conservative American Enterprise Institute. “He’s not going to treat her with any sort of kid gloves.” Retired U.S. House Speaker John Boehner, a Republican, weighed in on the presidential race during a talk at Stanford University on Wednesday, according to the student newspaper, saying he could vote for his golfing and “texting buddy” Trump but harshly criticizing Cruz. “Lucifer in the flesh,” Boehner said of Cruz, who is a staunch fiscal conservative and who angered many of his  colleagues in Congress by leading a government shutdown in 2013. “I get along with almost everyone, but I have never worked with a more miserable son of a bitch in my life,” Boehner said. Cruz said Boehner was allowing “his inner Trump” to come out. “What made John Boehner mad is that I led a movement of the people to hold Washington accountable,” Cruz told reporters. ",1
9737,Jenner uses women's restroom at Trump property,"Caitlyn Jenner posted a video on Wednesday (April 26) of herself using a women’s bathroom at Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump’s New York hotel. Published on her Facebook page, Jenner’s video shows her walking along the street, entering the Trump International Hotel and Tower and making her way to the restrooms. The video was spurred on by Trump, who, during an appearance on The Today Show last week, said in an interview that he would not care if Jenner used the women’s room at his properties. His comment came following the trending topic of so-called “bathroom bills,” like the one passed in North Carolina, which prohibits transgender people from using bathrooms consistent with their gender identity.",1
9738,Congressman wants Homeland Security to address SAT cheating overseas,"(Reuters) - A U.S. congressman called on the Department of Homeland Security to address whether foreign students are cheating on the SAT to get into American universities and illegally qualify for U.S. visas.  In a letter dated Wednesday and sent to the Homeland Security department, Representative Matt Salmon cited a March report by Reuters that detailed “the widespread practice of strategic cheating on the SAT by test preparation centers in Asia” and what he termed the “passive approach” of the test’s owner – the College Board – to stop cheating overseas.   Salmon, a Republican from Arizona and a member of a House committee on education, wrote in the letter that “certain foreign students could fraudulently gain the upper-hand in college admissions by high test scores due to being prepared by these dishonest test-prep centers, thus limiting the options of those students who took the test honestly.” Thousands of U.S. colleges use the standardized test to help select applicants. “I am concerned that under-qualified students are being admitted to U.S. schools under false pretenses,” Salmon wrote.  About 761,000 degree-seeking foreign students currently study in the United States, according to the Institute of International Education. “With such a generous foreign student system,” Salmon wrote, “it is important that we take every effort to ensure its integrity.” Homeland Security requires visas for international students to study in the United States.  A prospective student must be admitted to a U.S. school before applying for a student visa, and Salmon asked the department whether it had “any estimates on how many students may have entered the U.S. with faulty test scores.”  In an interview Thursday, Salmon said that he wants to ensure that “we’re not encouraging a bunch of cheats to come and study in our schools.”  The College Board, the New York-based not-for-profit that owns the SAT, did not respond to requests for comment. Gillian Christensen, deputy press secretary for Homeland Security, said the department will respond to Salmon’s letter. In an email, she said the department “is committed to ensuring the integrity of the student visa system, while protecting the freedoms and openness that are the hallmarks of our country.”  U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement “will aggressively pursue those who seek to exploit and corrupt America’s legal immigration system for personal gain,” Christensen wrote. Reuters reported in March that the College Board has often reused tests overseas after first giving them in America months or years earlier, even after some test questions began circulating online. College Board officials have said they are unable to assess how many test-takers have seen actual exam material before taking the SAT. But Reuters found students who had attended test-preparation centers in China and who said they had seen questions ahead of time from SATs they subsequently took. Reuters identified 14 times since late 2013 when parts of an SAT given internationally had been publicly exposed before the exam was given overseas. A confidential PowerPoint presentation, prepared by College Board officials in June 2013, revealed that parts of nine of 18 exams in the organization’s global inventory had been “compromised.” Even so, College Board officials confirmed that some portions of those tainted tests were later administered overseas.  In his letter to Homeland Security, Salmon wrote: “I was greatly disturbed by recent news reports regarding The College Board’s passive approach to preventing and addressing cheating on the SAT test abroad.” ",1
9739,U.S. senators release final sentencing reform bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A revised criminal justice reform bill moved closer to a full U.S. Senate vote on Thursday when it gained support from more Republicans after being stalled for months in Congress. In a legacy-shaping issue for President Barack Obama, the measure’s sponsors announced four new Republican co-sponsor senators and a new version of the bill at a press conference in the Senate. The measure now has 37 co-sponsors, according to Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley. Grassley said he had been waiting for the bill to be finalized before asking Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to bring it up for a full Senate vote, but that “it is time for those discussions to start right now.” As revised, it still lowers mandatory minimum sentences for some non-violent federal drug offenders, but it no longer applies to anyone convicted of a serious violent felony. That change was a response to conservative critics of the bill, which is central to Obama’s efforts to overhaul the country’s federal criminal justice system and reduce prison overcrowding. That effort has been a rare example of Republican and Democratic agreement in the polarized Congress.   The bill’s advocates have said they hope the revisions and new co-sponsors, such as Republican senators Mark Kirk of Illinois and Steve Daines of Montana, will convince McConnell to bring up the bill for a Senate vote. Daines and Kirk lent their support after adding minor requirements, including a provision that savings from it go toward purposes such as fighting gangs of national significance. After a group of conservative Republican senators led by Tom Cotton of Arkansas claimed in January the reforms would release violent felons, the bill’s authors began excising parts of the proposal that eased the sentences of violent criminals.  The bill now includes a new mandatory minimum sentence for crimes involving the opiate fentanyl, mirroring parallel sentencing reforms that await a floor vote in the U.S. House of Representatives. The House legislation is likely to contain changes to “mens rea” laws that govern criminal intent, said Senator John Cornyn, a sponsor of the Senate bill, at Thursday’s press conference.  Mens rea reform was excluded from the Senate measure because its authors were divided on the issue. Democratic lawmakers generally oppose strengthening mens rea requirements on the grounds it would enable more corporate malfeasance as it is difficult to prove the “intent” of a corporation. To exclude violent criminals from the Senate bill, the authors removed a section that lowered minimum sentences for unlawful gun owners with three prior convictions for violent felonies or serious drug offenses, known as “armed career criminals.”  Such criminals represent nearly a fifth of the 12,908 current inmates who would have been eligible for resentencing under the old bill, according to the U.S. Sentencing Commission. ",1
9740,"House votes to repeal U.S. retirement rule, Obama threatens veto","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives voted on Thursday to repeal a Labor Department rule aimed at protecting retirement savers from profit-hungry brokers, a largely symbolic move that President Barack Obama has threatened to veto. Obama’s administration earlier in April released the rule setting a fiduciary standard for financial brokers who sell retirement products, requiring them to put clients’ best interests ahead of their bottom lines. Republican political leaders and some in the financial industry responded by trying to override it through legislation, saying complying with it would be expensive for brokers which would result in higher costs for retirement advice that many Americans could not afford. They also say that the rule does not take into account other laws and regulations on financial advice. Thursday’s vote of 234 in favor, and 183 opposed split along party lines. Democrats said the fiduciary rule would protect families from paying higher fees and that the Obama administration took into consideration industry concerns when drafting the rule. “Bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. have no business getting between you and your financial planner. But that’s what the Obama administration’s fiduciary rule does,” said House Speaker Paul Ryan in a statement after the vote. “It’s Obamacare for financial planning.”  The Senate would have to take up and pass a version of the resolution and then Congress would send a combined bill to Obama to sign into law. Obama made clear that would not happen in a statement issued on Wednesday saying the final Labor Department rule “reflects extensive feedback from industry, advocates, and members of Congress, and has been streamlined to reduce the compliance burden and ensure continued access to advice.” The rule has followed a long path to fruition. It was first proposed in 2010 and a year later the Labor Department, which oversees retirement plans, had to rescind it in the face of enormous industry backlash. ",1
9741,Oklahoma lawmaker apologizes for linking Native Americans to alcoholism,"TULSA, Okla. (Reuters) - An Oklahoma state legislator has apologized after saying in the legislature last week that Native Americans are pre-disposed to alcohol abuse, officials said on Thursday. State Representative Todd Russ, a Republican, made the apology in a statement issued by his office this week, his office said on Thursday. During floor debate last week on a measure to amend Oklahoma’s liquor laws, Russ said: “The white man took advantage of the Native American people at the rim of an alcohol bottle.  “We see the effects of that today in society because they are predisposed physically. Scientifically we know the truth that they cannot process that like other people,” he said. Russ, whose western Oklahoma district includes a portion of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes’ jurisdictional area, urged members of the legislature’s Native American Caucus to vote against the bill, which would allow supermarkets and convenience stores to sell beer and wine. Instead, he received a rebuke for his comments. “He may not have intentionally done this, but disparaging Native Americans is an uncalled for, inappropriate comment on the House floor,” Representative Dan Kirby, a Republican and a citizen of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation said during the debate. In his apology, Russ offered contrition “for the unintended pain I have caused Native Americans by my statement that was based upon outdated information.” ",1
9742,Trump garners two more endorsements in U.S. Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump on Thursday won endorsements from two more U.S. Congress members as he battled to be his party’s nominee. Of the 300 Republicans in Congress - 246 in the House of Representatives and 54 in the Senate - Trump now had the explicit support of 11 with the newly announced public backing by Representatives Jeff Miller of Florida and Bill Shuster of Pennsylvania. Trump, a billionaire businessman, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Governor John Kasich were vying for the nomination to represent the Republican Party in the Nov. 8 general election.  “Donald Trump is the only person who has what it takes to shake up the status quo and entrenched bureaucrats in Washington, D.C.,” Miller said in a statement. Miller, who will retire from the Republican-controlled Congress at year’s end, capping 16 years in the House, has chaired the House Veterans Affairs Committee. Shuster, also in his 16th year in the House, has chaired a powerful transportation committee.  Trump backers in Congress have argued that many more lawmakers privately expressed support for Trump, but still have to run in primaries and so have publicly remained neutral. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota, who endorsed Trump this month, said in an interview that the Trump campaign was cranking up its outreach to Congress. Cruz, a small-government Tea Party favorite, has snared more endorsements from Congress members. The most prominent U.S. Republican lawmakers to publicly endorse Trump was Senator Jeff Sessions, who has been advising the campaign on foreign policy.  The others were U.S. Representatives Chris Collins, Duncan Hunter, Tom Marino, Tom Reed, Scott DesJarlais, Lou Barletta and Renee Ellmers. ",1
9743,Biden to meet Kurdish officials in unannounced visit to Erbil,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden made an unannounced visit on Thursday to Erbil, the capital of Iraq’s autonomous Kurdish region, to show support for the Kurdish government. The Pentagon announced last week it would provide up to $415 million to Kurdish peshmerga forces, who have played an important role in pushing back Islamic State in northern Iraq. Erbil is also locked in disputes with Baghdad over an oil revenue-sharing deal and the region’s contested borders including, around the oil city of Kirkuk. ",1
9744,White House 'deeply' concerned about China law on foreign NGOs,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday the United States is “deeply concerned” that China’s new law on management of the activities of foreign non-governmental organizations will narrow the space for civil society in China. China’s parliament passed a law governing foreign NGOs, state news agency Xinhua reported. The law is part of a raft of legislation, including China’s counterterrorism law, put forward amid a new push to crack down on dissent by President Xi Jinping’s administration.   The White House urged China to respect the rights and freedoms of human rights defenders, journalists, business groups, and others, “including by protecting the ability of foreign NGO’s to operate in China,” Ned Price, a spokesman for the National Security Council, said in a statement.  ",1
9745,"Republicans, Obama immigration chief clash over criminal immigrants","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said on Thursday her agency released 19,723 undocumented immigrants last year who had been convicted of crimes, drawing a volley of criticism from Republican lawmakers. In a heated exchange at a congressional hearing into crime committed by illegal immigrants, Republicans grilled top Obama administration immigration official Sarah Saldana.   The issue is at the heart of Republican demands for tighter control of U.S. borders and has often featured in rhetoric over immigration in the 2016 presidential election campaign.     Saldana defended her record and pleaded for comprehensive immigration reform.     “I cannot tell you how disheartening it is to sit here and hear a very important issue related to the topic of immigration reform be bandied about as a political football,” she said. Republicans on a House oversight committee blamed ICE for releasing undocumented immigrants from jail whom they said went on to commit homicides, sexual assaults and drunk driving offenses.   The topic of released illegal immigrants who commit later crimes gained attention on the campaign trail last year after Kathryn Steinle, 32, was shot and killed in San Francisco by Juan Lopez-Sanchez, an undocumented immigrant and convicted felon who had previously been deported to Mexico five times.  Donald Trump, the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination, said in July that Steinle’s death showed the need for tighter control of the U.S.-Mexico border.  ICE decides whether to deport undocumented immigrants. The Obama administration has a policy of deporting immigrants who pose a violent threat, but it releases some who have served prison sentences for their crimes and are deemed not dangerous, Saldana said.  House oversight committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz said the agency’s practice was “infuriating.” When undocumented immigrants have served their jail time but cannot be repatriated, immigration authorities have no choice but to release them, she said.  Only specific crimes require mandatory jailing of immigrants, Saldana said, adding that Congress should consider changing that policy.  Countries such as Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Haiti and Guinea have refused to take back some of their citizens after they have been ordered deported from the United States, Saldana said. Saldana said she is meeting with the State Department to persuade them to enforce visa restrictions on countries who do not take back their citizens. ",1
9746,White House says Biden's visit is a good indication of U.S. support for Iraq,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Thursday said Vice President Joe Biden’s unannounced visit to Iraq to meet with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi was a “good indication” of U.S. support of the prime minister’s efforts to unify that country.  “This is a good indication of the United States continued support for Prime Minister Abadi’s efforts to unify the nation of Iraq to  confront ISIL,” spokesman Josh Earnest said, using another name for Islamic State. ",1
9747,Pentagon chief would back lifting restrictions on U.S. arms to Vietnam,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said on Thursday he would support lifting restrictions on the sale of weapons to Vietnam, in the latest sign of thawing ties between former enemies whose focus has shifted in recent years to China’s military buildup. When asked by Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee and a former prisoner of war in Vietnam, if he would support lifting the restrictions, Carter said at a hearing: “We’ve discussed this in the past and I appreciate your leadership in that regard, chairman, and yes.” Carter did not elaborate, although his comments come ahead of a planned visit to Vietnam by U.S. President Barack Obama late next month. The United States partially lifted a long-time ban on lethal weapons sales to Vietnam in October 2014, nearly 40 years after the end of the Vietnam War, to help the country patrol and defend itself in the South China Sea in the face of growing naval challenges from China. At the time, U.S. officials said future sales could include airborne systems.  Carter pledged on a visit to Vietnam last year to provide it $18 million to help its coast guard buy U.S. patrol boats. But the United States has said that fully lifting the embargo will depend on improved human rights conditions in Vietnam.  “There are a number of factors that we must consider with regard to lifting the ban, including progress on human rights,” the State Department’s top human rights official, Tom Malinowski, said on Tuesday after an annual human rights dialogue with Vietnam on Monday. ",1
9748,House Speaker Ryan invites India's Modi to address Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan invited Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday to address a joint meeting of Congress when he visits Washington in June, an unusual show of warmth for a foreign leader.  “This address presents a special opportunity to hear from the elected leader of the world’s most populous democracy on how our two nations can work together to promote our shared values and to increase prosperity,” the Republican leader of the House of Representatives said in a statement. The invitation is a sharp turnaround for Modi, who was once barred from the United States over massacres of Muslims. Opportunities to address the House and Senate are considered a great honor. There have only been two in the past year: Pope Francis, on Sept. 24, and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, on April 29, 2015. When Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party and its allies swept India’s elections in 2014, there were initially questions about whether he would qualify for a visa. President Barack Obama quickly dismissed the issue by inviting him to the White House when he called to congratulate him on his victory. In 2002, when Modi had just become Gujarat’s chief minister, more than 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, were killed in sectarian riots in the state. The administration of President George W. Bush denied Modi a visa in 2005 under a 1998 U.S. law barring entry to foreigners who have committed “particularly severe violations of religious freedom.” Modi denied any wrongdoing. India’s Supreme Court ruled in 2010 he had no case to answer. Washington sees its relationship with India as critical, partly to counterbalance China’s rising power. Obama has called it “one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century.”  ",1
9749,U.S. says working to cut off North Korean remittances,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States said Thursday it is working to cut off revenue streams to North Korea by targeting remittances from its overseas workers, after recent nuclear and missile tests by Pyongyang. Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken told a House of Representatives hearing that the United States is working “relentlessly” to get countries to cut off businesses sending money back to North Korea.  He also said Washington is working to encourage the sending home of North Korean diplomats not engaged in diplomatic activity and to make sure that people did not travel to North Korea, including for the May 6 congress of the ruling Workers Party.     “What we are focused on, besides the implementation of the (U.N.) Security Council resolutions, is relentlessly building pressure on North Korea, working principally with our key allies Japan and (South) Korea,” Blinken said.  “We are working in various ways to cut off all the revenues going to the regime. For example, they have ... overseas workers whose remittances are not going back to their families, but are going to the regime. We’re working to cut those off.”     Estimates of North Korean workers abroad vary widely but a study by South Korea’s state-run Korea Institute for National Unification put the number as high as 150,000, primarily in China and Russia, sending back as much as $900 million annually. North Koreans are known to work abroad in restaurants and on construction sites, and also as doctors.     The United States is also working to make sure North Korean officials are not invited to travel abroad and to ensure North Korean ships and aircraft are not allowed to dock or land in other countries, Blinken said. The senior U.S. diplomat for Asia, assistant secretary of state for East Asia, Danny Russel, said last week that another North Korean nuclear test could trigger new sanctions including an effort to choke off hard currency earnings by its overseas workers abroad. North Korea has conducted a series of missile launches, in violation of U.N. resolutions in the run-up to the Party congress and experts believe it may conduct a new nuclear test before this convenes.     ",1
9750,"Treasury, House panel getting 'very close' on Puerto Rico debt bill","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury Department and a key U.S. House of Representatives panel are getting “very close” toward legislation to address Puerto Rico’s debt crisis, U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday. “I think the Resources Committee and the Treasury Department are getting very close,” Ryan told reporters at his weekly press conference, adding that both parties are “working in good faith” on the bill. ",1
9751,Biden meets PM Abadi in Baghdad to discuss security: state TV,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden met Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Thursday to discuss political and security issues during an unannounced trip to Baghdad, state television said. The trip is the first time that Biden, the point person for the White House on Iraq, has visited the country since the United States withdrew its forces in 2011. He is the third and highest-level U.S. official to visit Iraq this month. ",1
9752,Tennessee law to allow counselors to deny service based on beliefs," (This version of the April 27 story, corrects paragraph 10 to read North Carolina, not South Carolina) By Alex Dobuzinskis (Reuters) - Tennessee’s Republican governor on Wednesday signed a law allowing mental health counselors to refuse service to patients on “sincerely held principles,” the latest in a string of U.S. state measures criticized as discriminatory against the gay community. Governor Bill Haslam signed the bill into law three weeks after it was approved by the legislature. It goes into effect immediately. “The substance of this bill doesn’t address a group, issue or belief system,” Haslam said in a statement.  “Rather, it allows counselors – just as we allow other professionals like doctors and lawyers – to refer a client to another counselor when the goals or behaviors would violate a sincerely held principle.” An earlier version of the bill had allowed counselors to refuse service to patients on religious grounds, but it was amended to remove any direct reference to religion.  The law protects therapists and counselors from legal action when they cite their personal principles in refusing service, despite a provision in the American Counseling Association’s code of ethics barring members from such denials of service.  “This measure is rooted in the dangerous misconception that religion can be used as a free pass to discriminate,” Hedy Weinberg, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Tennessee, said in a statement. Weinberg called the bill one in a series of “attacks” on the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community following last year’s ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court striking down state bans on gay marriage. Haslam had previously told Nashville Public Radio he was considering the effect the legislation may have on Tennessee and its citizens, as laws criticized as discriminatory against the LGBT community has drawn increased scrutiny in several states. In North Carolina, a number of companies including PayPal Holdings and Deutsche Bank have canceled plans to add jobs in the state after it passed a law requiring people to use bathrooms or locker rooms in schools and other public facilities that match the gender on their birth certificate rather than their gender identity. Haslam said he decided to sign the counseling bill in part because it forbids denial of service to patients in danger of harming themselves or others. Earlier this month, Haslam disappointed some Christians in the state when he vetoed legislation that would have made the Bible Tennessee’s official book. The governor said that violated the U.S. Constitution. ",1
9753,"Wealthy, educated voters fuel Trump's East Coast sweep","WASHINGTON/BETHESDA, Md. (Reuters) - Wealthy, well-educated voters helped carry Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump to victory in this week’s East Coast primaries, a demographic the famously blunt-spoken billionaire had struggled to attract in the past. His sweep of Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island on Tuesday included wins in some of the richest and best-educated counties in the country - like Fairfield County, Connecticut, and Newport County, Rhode Island - and added to victories in his more traditional strongholds of white working-class neighborhoods. Exit polls from Connecticut, Pennsylvania and Maryland showed Trump winning about half of Republican voters with college degrees, and over half of Republican voters making more than $100,000 a year. “On its face, it is hard to believe he’d be improving with a demographic group that has been so averse to his style, his denigrating language,” said Randall Miller, a professor of American politics at Saint Joseph’s University in Pennsylvania.  “But I think people may have gotten used to Trump, he’s not as outrageous as he used to be,” he said, adding that familiarity with the businessman’s brand in the Northeast may also have helped him. Still, the five states could be an uphill battle for Republicans in the Nov. 8 presidential election. The last Republican presidential nominee to win any of them was George H.W. Bush in 1988. The challenge for the New York billionaire could be to replicate Tuesday’s performance in other parts of the country as he seeks to lock down his party’s nomination, with 10 state contests remaining.     Nationally, likely voters with a college degree have become increasingly critical of Trump in recent months, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling. He is also increasingly unpopular with those who make more than $100,000 a year. But with Trump far ahead of his rivals, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Governor John Kasich, in the race for the presidential nomination, Miller said Republican voters of all stripes may become more resigned to voting for Trump. “I think it is possible he replicates this.” ANTI-ESTABLISHMENT Trump has historically done well in areas where the collapse of important local industries has put stress on working families - propelling his popularity among poorer white voters drawn to his rhetoric about inept government and failed international trade deals. That narrative persisted in Tuesday’s contests. Trump took more than 63 percent of the vote in Forest County, Pennsylvania, where the median family income among whites, at $45,000, is the lowest in the state. But he also got more than 46 percent of the vote in Chester County, Pennsylvania, where median income for whites is the highest in the state, at $108,000.     A Franklin and Marshall College voter survey released last week showed Trump’s message of disaffection had sunk in across the state. Just under 40 percent of voters cited “government, politicians” as the most important problem facing Pennsylvania, with “unemployment, personal finances” ranked a distant second at 14 percent. In the affluent Maryland suburbs of Montgomery and Howard counties, where more than 60 percent of whites hold college degrees, Trump claimed a smaller 40 percent share of the Republican vote. It was still enough for a first-place finish over Cruz and Kasich. Fred Stubbs, 72, a retired accountant from Potomac, Maryland, said he voted for Trump on Tuesday because he believed the real estate mogul would improve the country’s standing in the world. He added that when he traveled to New York, he regularly dined in restaurants in buildings owned by Trump. “I’ve always admired him as a businessman,” Stubbs said.  ",1
9754,"Republican Cruz, hoping to revive struggling campaign, taps Fiorina as No. 2 ","INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz, in a last-ditch bid to slow front-runner Donald Trump’s momentum, named former business executive Carly Fiorina on Wednesday as his vice presidential running mate should he win the nomination. After crushing losses to Trump in five nominating contests in the Northeast on Tuesday, Cruz praised Fiorina, a former presidential rival, as a principled fighter for conservative values who would be a valuable ally on the campaign trail. “Carly is a vice presidential nominee who I think is superbly skilled, superbly gifted at helping unite this party,” the U.S. senator from Texas told a rally in Indianapolis, the capital of Indiana. The Midwestern state is the next battleground for selecting the Republican and Democratic presidential candidates for the Nov. 8 presidential election and is shaping up to be Cruz’s best - and perhaps last - chance to block Trump’s march to the nomination. Cruz acknowledged it was unusual to choose a running mate so early in the race. Traditionally, the winners of the Republican and Democratic nominating races announce their running mates in the period between clinching the nomination and summer’s national conventions. “I think all would acknowledge this race, if anything, it is unusual,” said Cruz, 45, adding he wanted to give voters a clear choice and offer a rebuttal to media suggestions the Republican race was over. At a nearby rally in Indianapolis afterward, Trump was scornful of Cruz’s move, calling his rival “desperate.”  In the Democratic race, Hillary Clinton, 68, won four of Tuesday’s five contests, building a virtually insurmountable lead over rival Bernie Sanders, a 74-year-old U.S. senator from Vermont, who vowed to keep fighting until the July convention. In tapping Fiorina as his No. 2, Cruz was apparently trying to recover from Trump’s landslide primary wins on Tuesday in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. The victories made the uphill climb toward the nomination even steeper for Cruz. “I’ve had tough fights all my life,” Fiorina said after Cruz introduced her. “Tough fights don’t worry me a bit.” Fiorina, 61, dropped her own White House bid in February after a seventh-place finish in New Hampshire. She endorsed Cruz a month later and has been a sharp critic of Clinton. Fiorina and Cruz both said they had grown close since her endorsement, and she sang a few verses of a song she said she sings to Cruz’s two daughters on their campaign bus.  The choice of Fiorina, a former Hewlett-Packard Co chief executive who, like Trump, has never held elective office, could help Cruz with women voters, a group that Trump has had difficulty winning over to his outsider campaign. It also could offer Cruz a boost in the June 7 primary in California, where Fiorina won the Republican primary in 2010 for the U.S. Senate. She was defeated in the general election by incumbent Democrat Barbara Boxer. Fiorina now lives in Virginia. Trump has amassed 987 of the 1,237 Republican national convention delegates he needs to secure the nomination, to 562 for Cruz and 153 for Ohio Governor John Kasich, 63, the third remaining candidate, according to the Associated Press. If Cruz can win a large share of Indiana’s 57 delegates, it will increase the chances that Trump will not be able to win the nomination on the convention’s first ballot. After that, many delegates will be free to turn to Cruz, Kasich or a dark-horse establishment candidate on a second or subsequent ballot. A loss to Trump in Indiana would effectively cripple Cruz’s bid, and increase pressure on the party to rally around Trump as the prospective nominee.  Trump called Cruz’s decision to pick a running mate “a pure waste of time” and “a desperate attempt to save a failing campaign by an all-talk, no-action politician.” “He is the first presidential candidate in the history of this country who’s mathematically eliminated from becoming president who chose a vice presidential candidate. ... It’s a record,” the New York billionaire and former reality TV star told supporters in Indianapolis on Wednesday. Trump vowed to campaign extensively in the state between now and Tuesday’s nominating contest.  “I’m not playing games with Indiana,” he said. “You are going to get so tired of me.” “We’re going to win it,” he said. Trump was introduced at the rally by famed college basketball coach Bob Knight, who led Indiana University to three national championships.  Cruz said Fiorina had already proven her mettle in standing up to Trump last year after he insulted her looks in an interview. “Look at that face. Would anyone vote for that?” Trump had asked, only to be sternly rebuked by Fiorina in their next presidential debate. “She’s faced challenges a lot worse than someone bellowing and yelling and insulting her face,” Cruz told the Indianapolis crowd. A breast cancer survivor who lost a stepdaughter to drug addiction, Fiorina served as Hewlett-Packard chief executive from 1999 to 2005. She was forced to resign amid weak earnings as the company struggled to digest a $19 billion merger with Compaq Computer Corp. About 30,000 layoffs took place during her tenure. Fiorina’s campaign never took off in the original 17-member Republican presidential field, and she was mostly relegated to the early second-tier debates for low-polling candidates. Craig Robinson, a former political director of the Iowa Republican Party, said Cruz would have been better off picking an experienced politician who could help him secure delegates in a fight at the convention.  “It’s a real head-scratcher,” he said. But some conservatives applauded Cruz’s choice. Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the Susan B. Anthony List, which works to elect political candidates who oppose abortion rights, said Fiorina was the “ideal” choice. “She will take Hillary Clinton head-on,” Dannenfelser said in a statement. ",1
9755,In the battle for Hollywood endorsements - and cash - Clinton rules,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders’ positions on fracking, free tuition and breaking up big banks wouldn’t sound out of place in an Oscar winning-actor’s acceptance speech.  But in famously liberal Hollywood, long used as an ATM by Democratic campaigns, Sanders’ message is not resonating as loudly as in other progressive bastions. The more moderate Hillary Clinton has far outpaced the Vermont senator in fundraising and has a deep line-up of A-list stars and top executives among her backers.   Celebrities don’t sway votes, but they can persuade people to listen to a candidate’s message, said historian Steven Ross, author of “Hollywood Left and Right: How Movie Stars Shaped American Politics.”  “It puts a candidate on their radar,” he said. Hollywood actors, studio executives and other employees of the film, TV and music industries have donated at least $8.4 million to Clinton’s campaign and the independent Super PAC that supports her bid, Priorities USA Action, according to a Reuters analysis of campaign finance data through March 31.  A pair of Clinton fundraisers held by actor George Clooney this month, at which tickets went for as much as $353,000 per couple, is not included in that total, but were reported by Deadline Hollywood to have raised an additional $15 million. By contrast, Sanders' campaign had raised about $1 million from entertainment industry donors through March 31, according to the campaign finance data. The Vermont senator, who called the price of the Clooney event ""obscene,"" is not associated with a Super PAC and says he does not court wealthy donors. (Graphic on Hollywood flows to Sanders and Clinton: tmsnrt.rs/1U98K4g) All Republican presidential candidates combined collected $460,000, roughly 5 percent of entertainment industry donations, the data showed. Clinton’s support in Hollywood can be traced back to strong ties her husband built during his first presidential campaign in 1992, said Donna Bojarsky, a Democratic public policy consultant who worked as national entertainment coordinator for Bill Clinton’s campaign. Bill Clinton connected deeply with Hollywood, she said, in part because “he showed a real respect for and appreciation of pop culture. He followed it, and he enjoyed it.” Another reason for Hillary Clinton’s success in Hollywood is the backing of executives. While business people in Hollywood may be liberals, they are less likely to embrace a candidate who attacks corporations, said Ross, the historian. Sanders describes himself as a democratic socialist who wants higher taxes on wealthy people and corporations to help pay for college, healthcare, and other programs. “Corporate Hollywood is about business and the bottom line,” Ross said. The biggest Hollywood contributors to date are behind-the-scenes figures rather than stars, with about two-thirds of Clinton’s industry support through March coming from just three donors.  Haim Saban, CEO of Saban Capital Group, contributed $3.5 million, while DreamWorks Animation DWA.O CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg and director Steven Spielberg donated $1 million each to Clinton and funds supporting her. But it is the celebrity backers who make headlines for a candidate, even if they’re not making hefty contributions. Pop singer Demi Lovato performed at a Clinton campaign rally, and “Scandal” star Kerry Washington recorded radio and TV ads for the former secretary of state.  “I really believe in her capacity to deliver on her messages,” Washington said in an interview. Sanders welcomed the band Vampire Weekend onto a stage in Iowa, where they joined the candidate to sing “This Land Is Your Land.” The Red Hot Chili Peppers performed at a Sanders fundraiser in Los Angeles.  Clinton’s celebrity support skews toward older men and women, and she attracts more minorities, while younger personalities gravitate to Sanders, said Dan Schnur, director of University of Southern California’s Jesse M. Unruh Institute of Politics and a former Republican political strategist.  These leanings reflect those of voters in general, Schnur said, though there are plenty of exceptions.  Ninety-year-old actor Dick Van Dyke, a Sanders supporter, is happy to buck the trend.   “People in my generation are set in their ways,” Van Dyke said in an interview. “Some people are afraid he might get a little too drastic, that he might do something to upset the apple cart.”   Sanders, not known for his sense of humor, has also attracted a number of comedians as supporters, including Danny DeVito, Bill Maher and Sarah Silverman.  “Bernie is not for sale,” says Silverman, a one-time Clinton backer, in a pro-Sanders video viewed more than 32 million times on Facebook. “This is a once-in-a-lifetime candidate who genuinely represents the people.” Schnur finds Sanders’ support among some comedians understandable. “If you decide to perform comedy for a living, you’ve probably got a little bit of an anarchist streak,” he said, and Sanders “challenges the establishment.”   THE BERNIE-HILLARY SPLIT At times the Sanders-Clinton divide in Hollywood has grown heated. When actor Susan Sarandon, a Sanders supporter, said in an MSNBC interview last month that she wasn’t sure she could vote for Clinton if she was the Democratic nominee, the reaction in Hollywood was intense. Her comments were seen as lending support to Trump.   Actor Jamie Lee Curtis, a Clinton supporter, tweeted that she respected but disagreed with Sarandon, calling her position “dangerous 2 women, minorities & migrants.” Debra Messing, one of the stars of NBC sitcom “Will and Grace,” also joined the Twitter fray, criticizing Sarandon for representing “the Bernie or BUST position which is so dangerous for our country.” Sarandon, who has donated $2,700 to Sanders, said her comments were reported incorrectly. “Of course I wouldn’t vote for Trump,” she said in an interview with Reuters. She is unrepentant in her support for Sanders. “We have to do something more than incremental change,” Sarandon said. Sanders is “about real change, progressive change,” she said. She said she worries about an industry backlash against Sanders supporters, given the reaction to her statements, as well as negative comments from feminist Gloria Steinem and former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright about women supporting Sanders.  “It’s a much easier thing to be supporting Hillary than to be supporting Bernie if you are a woman in the industry.”  In the end, Hollywood’s Democrats will unite behind Clinton if she wins the nomination, predicted USC’s Schnur. “A Sanders-nista is not going to flip over and vote Republican,” he said.     ",1
9756,Exclusive: Half of Americans think presidential nominating system 'rigged' - poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - More than half of American voters believe that the system U.S. political parties use to pick their candidates for the White House is “rigged” and more than two-thirds want to see the process changed, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll. The results echo complaints from Republican front-runner Donald Trump and Democratic challenger Bernie Sanders that the system is stacked against them in favor of candidates with close ties to their parties – a critique that has triggered a nationwide debate over whether the process is fair. The United States is one of just a handful of countries that gives regular voters any say in who should make it onto the presidential ballot. But the state-by-state system of primaries, caucuses and conventions is complex. The contests historically were always party events, and while the popular vote has grown in influence since the mid-20th century, the parties still have considerable sway.  One quirk of the U.S. system - and the area where the parties get to flex their muscle - is the use of delegates, party members who are assigned to support contenders at their respective conventions, usually based on voting results. The parties decide how delegates are awarded in each state, with the Republicans and Democrats having different rules. The delegates’ personal opinions can come into play at the party conventions if the race is too close to call - an issue that has become a lightning rod in the current political season. Another complication is that state governments have different rules about whether voters must be registered as party members to participate. In some states, parties further restrict delegate selection to small committees of party elites, as the Republican Party in Colorado did this year. “I’d prefer to see a one-man-one-vote system,” said Royce Young, 76, a resident of Society Hill, South Carolina, who supports Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. “The process is so flawed.”     Trump has repeatedly railed against the rules, at times calling them undemocratic. After the Colorado Republican Party awarded all its delegates to Ted Cruz, for example, Trump lashed out in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece, charging “the system is being rigged by party operatives with ‘double-agent’ delegates who reject the decision of voters.” Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has dismissed Trump’s complaints as “rhetoric” and said the rules would not be changed before the Republican convention in July. Trump swept the five Northeastern nominating contests on Tuesday in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. The New York billionaire has 950 delegates to 560 for Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, and 153 for Kasich, the Ohio governor, according to the Associated Press. A total of 1,237 delegates are needed to secure the Republican nomination. On the Democratic side, Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, has taken issue with the party’s use of superdelegates, the hundreds of elite party members who can support whomever they like at the convention and who this year overwhelmingly back front-runner Hillary Clinton. Clinton has repeatedly emphasized that she is beating Sanders in both total votes cast and in pledged delegates, those who are bound by the voting results - rendering his complaints about superdelegates moot. On Tuesday, the former secretary of state won Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware and Connecticut, while Sanders won in Rhode Island. Clinton leads Sanders by 2,141 delegates to 1,321, according to the AP, with 2,383 needed to win the nomination. Sanders has also criticized party bosses for not holding enough prime-time television debates and said before a string of primaries open only to registered Democrats this month that “independents have lost their right to vote,” referring to a voter block that has tended to favor him.  A Democratic National Committee official was not immediately available to comment. Larry Sabato, director of the University of Virginia Center for Politics, said the U.S. presidential nominating system could probably be improved in a number of areas, but noted that the control wielded by party leadership usually became an issue only during tight races. “The popular vote overwhelms the rules usually, but in these close elections, everyone pays attention to these arcane rules,” he said. Some 51 percent of likely voters who responded to the April 21-26 online survey said they believed the primary system was “rigged” against some candidates. Some 71 percent of respondents said they would prefer to pick their party’s nominee with a direct vote, cutting out the use of delegates as intermediaries.     The results also showed 27 percent of likely voters did not understand how the primary process works and 44 percent did not understand why delegates were involved in the first place. The responses were about the same for Republicans and Democrats.     Overall, nearly half said they would also prefer a single primary day in which all states held their nominating contests together - as opposed to the current system of spreading them out for months.     The poll included 1,582 Americans and had a credibility interval of 2.9 percentage points. ",1
9757,Republican donor backs clean energy senators with digital campaign,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Republican political donor said on Wednesday he would spend “seven figures” on a targeted digital campaign backing two senators who support clean energy policies, which could help tip the balance in their tight November re-election races.  Jay Faison, a Charlotte, North Carolina-based executive of an audio-vision equipment company, said he would endorse Republican Senator Rob Portman of Ohio and Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire for re-election. Portman is a co-sponsor of a bipartisan energy efficiency bill, while Ayotte is one of the only Republican supporters of President Barack Obama’s plan to cut carbon emissions. Both are running in swing states. Faison wants to defend conservatives who have led on clean energy issues. He will use what he calls a “digital first” approach focused on direct online marketing, social media and data mining to target swing voters who care about climate issues and tailor political messaging, methods he said Republicans have been slow to adopt. “For right or wrong, the Republican Party is branded as non-environmental, which we want to help fix,” Faison said in an interview. In February, Faison launched a Super PAC that will spend around $5 million to support congressional Republicans who support clean energy and environmental protection. Faison did not say who else he plans to back. The PAC (political action committee) complements the work of Faison’s foundation, ClearPath, which he launched last June with $165 million to shift Republicans’ skeptical view of climate change and clean energy.     “In these races and a handful of other House and Senate races, we’re going to play offense around candidates that take a stand on these issues,” Faison said. Faison said support of clean energy could sway blocks of “persuadable” voters who are growing in influence - millennials and non-whites - in tight races. In a survey conducted by ClearPath of Republican voters, Faison said 73 percent said they want a candidate with a clean energy strategy. “These persuadable voters perceive candidates who check the box and take the party line every single time as someone not necessarily watching out for their best interests,” Faison said.  The digital strategy ClearPath will use will benefit Republican party leaders who have been reluctant to make digital marketing the centerpiece of their campaign spending, Faison said.  “We are going to test that theory. The Democrats are way ahead of us here,” he said. ",1
9758,U.S. lawmakers debate funding gimmick in defense policy bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers in the House Armed Services Committee began debating an annual defense policy bill on Wednesday that would shift $18 billion in Pentagon war-funding to other military needs. The proposed legislation would use the $18 billion to halt cuts to the size of the military and boost training and maintenance in an effort to improve U.S. military readiness. The funding shift would leave $35.7 billion to pay for U.S. military efforts in Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria. The House panel said that was enough to last through April 2017, giving the next president time to evaluate the security situation and make a supplemental budget request to Congress. Representative Madeleine Bordallo, a Democrat from Guam, said she was “concerned that the short-sighted budget gimmick ... may leave our troops short of funding required in the near future.” But Representative Mac Thornberry, chairman of the committee, said that while “some people may call it a gimmick,” the Democratic majority in 2008 had done something very similar. The U.S. military has warned repeatedly in recent years that ongoing efforts to trim nearly $1 trillion from projected defense budgets over a decade have forced it to postpone training, maintenance and upkeep. The measure, the National Defense Authorization Act, sets U.S. defense policy and authorizes, but does not appropriate, funding for the Pentagon. Lawmakers in the House panel expected to vote on the final version early on Thursday, after which it will go to the full House of Representatives. The draft bill unveiled by Thornberry this week would authorize $610.5 billion in defense spending for the 2017 fiscal year beginning in October. That total is in line with the defense spending plan proposed by Obama earlier this year. The proposal calls for an active duty Army of 480,000 troops, which is 20,000 more than proposed in the president’s budget request. It also seeks significant reforms in the organization of the Defense Department, including expanding the term and the advisory role of the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff. During debates on the legislation, lawmakers approved an amendment that calls for a senior U.S. defense official to be placed in charge of developing directed energy weapons. The U.S. military hopes directed-energy weapons will provide it with an asymmetric advantage over potential rivals, for example enabling it to counter million-dollar missiles with a weapon that fires projectiles costing only $25,000. ",1
9759,Trump rhetoric shows need to remake case for trade: Zoellick,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Embarrassed by Donald Trump’s rhetoric against Mexico, former World Bank President Robert Zoellick said on Wednesday it is time to “remake” the case for free trade in the United States.  The U.S. presidential race has been peppered with promises to rework trade policy in the United States’ favor, and many of the strongest attacks have been against the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), a trade accord between the United States, Mexico and Canada that took effect in 1994. Regarded by Mexican policymakers as a milestone in the country’s economic modernization, NAFTA has been vilified by Republican front-runner Trump and Democratic hopeful Bernie Sanders as a job-killing betrayal of U.S. industry. Zoellick, a Republican who also served as U.S. Trade Representative under President George W. Bush, said Mexican officials had understandably been unsettled by Trump’s rhetoric and flagging U.S. congressional support for free trade. “The bigger issue in the U.S. will be a need to remake the case for trade,” he said in a phone interview. That meant more than the traditional corporate lobbying in Congress, said Zoellick, who was World Bank chief from 2007-2012. “This is now going to need a broader public push. Part of this will be a challenge to get the Facebooks, the Googles the Apples and others to not only make the case in Washington, but actually use social media, use big data resources and others to explain this to coming generations of Americans,” he said. While noting that some Americans had good reason to feel concern about the pace of change and unfettered immigration, Zoellick said Mexico, a “significant, modernizing economy”, ought to be integrated further into U.S. thinking. “If it were up to me, I would bring Canada and Mexico into the TTIP negotiations with Europe,” he said, referring to the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, a planned trade deal between the United States and the European Union. After China and Canada, Mexico is the United States’ third biggest trade partner, accounting for bilateral commerce worth around $500 billion annually. The United States is also home to an estimated 35 million people of Mexican origin. Claiming Mexico is “killing” the United States on trade and sending rapists and drug runners north, Trump has threatened to impose tariffs against Mexico and vowed to build a wall to stop illegal immigrants crossing the border. To make Mexico pay for the wall, he has threatened to block billions of dollars in remittances sent home by Mexicans in the United States, a plan Zoellick described as “outrageous.” “As an American, frankly, I’m embarrassed by his statements,” he said. However, he noted the Mexican government had to “walk a fine line” in countering Trump without stoking more tensions. A number of serving and former Mexican officials believe their government could have been more active in persuading U.S. businesses and politicians to make the case that both countries will lose out if Trump’s talk becomes reality. Zoellick said, however, it was a shared responsibility.  “Depending on one’s perspective, this is really ... the U.S.’s burden to bear. And so while I concur that one would welcome assistance from Mexico, in some ways we’ve got to get our own act cleaned up in the U.S. first,” he said. ",1
9760,"Hastert loses one Illinois pension, keeps another after sentencing","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois stripped former U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Dennis Hastert of his teacher’s pension on Wednesday, but his sentencing for a federal financial crime linked to past sex abuse will not cost him a second, more lucrative state pension. The state Teachers’ Retirement System moved swiftly after Hastert’s sentencing by ending his $16,622-a-year annuity from 16 years of teaching in a far western suburb of Chicago, where the sexual abuse to which he admitted occurred. But Hastert will not lose his $28,025 annual pension from his six years as a member of the Illinois House of Representatives. The Teachers’ Retirement System, in ending Hastert’s pension, cited an Illinois law that prohibits retired educators from drawing pensions if they are found guilty of a felony arising from their service as teachers. Hastert was sentenced by a federal judge in Chicago on Wednesday to 15 months in prison, followed by two years of probation and sex-offender treatment for a financial crime related to his sexual abuse of high school wrestlers he coached decades ago. As a teacher between 1965 and 1981, Hastert’s contributions to the Teachers’ Retirement System totaled $16,327. Since 1997, Hastert received $237,045 in pension payments, the agency disclosed. But his benefit from his years as a member of the Illinois House of Representatives will continue because the crime to which Hastert admitted happened after 2010, more than two decades after his departure from the Illinois statehouse, said Timothy Blair, executive secretary for the state General Assembly Retirement System. “The one charge on this that stuck happened well after his time in the General Assembly,” Blair said. “Obviously, it couldn’t be related to his role as an elected official here.” As a legislator, Hastert contributed $19,805 to his legislative pension and has received $420,524, Blair’s agency disclosed. The federal agency that administers congressional pensions did not respond to questions about Hastert on Wednesday. ",1
9761,Elections get dirty as adult filmmakers set up political action committee,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California politics got a bit more racy on Wednesday, as producers and actors in the adult film business said they had formed a political action committee, or PAC, to fight a ballot initiative to require the use of condoms when shooting explicit sex scenes. The move by an industry association representing California’s busy pornographers - a $4 billion industry in California whose loss could cost the state tens of millions in tax revenues and up to 20,000 jobs - is the latest chapter in a years-long skirmish with public health advocates over how best to prevent sexually transmitted disease among performers of pornography. Los Angeles, and especially the San Fernando Valley area, has historically been a hub of porn production. A number of high-profile X-rated performers in the area have suffered HIV infections, shaking the industry and local health officials. Nearly a dozen performers were infected with the HIV virus between 2004 and 2014, according to the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, which is backing the ballot initiative. The group’s measure, which will appear on the November ballot, would require the use of condoms and lubricants on adult film sets. It requires producers to provide the condoms and to offer free vaccinations and tests for sexually transmitted diseases to all performers. The measure also would allow performers or other individuals residing in California to ask for a state investigation into whether a particular adult film or video was made using condoms. If the state declines to investigate, that person can sue. Porn producers have focused on that section, saying it would lead to the harassment of actors. “It opens up the door to extortion and harassment of a predominantly female performer base and small business owners by those outside the industry,” said Mike Stabile, a spokesman for the Free Speech Coalition, the porn industry association. The new PAC, dubbed Californians Against Worker Harassment, is just beginning to raise funds, Stabile said. State records show that no contributions have yet been reported for its cause. The AIDS Healthcare Foundation, which is backing the initiative, has already contributed $1.5 million to promote it to the public, state records show. Los Angeles County passed a local ballot initiative also backed by AIDS Healthcare Foundation requiring condom use on porn shoots in 2012. But even though it has proven difficult to enforce, Stabile said the measure has led producers of sexually-explicit movies to film elsewhere. ",1
9762,Former Kentucky governor says successor may be target of FBI probe,"LOUISVILLE, Ky. (Reuters) - Former Kentucky Governor Steve Beshear on Wednesday accused his successor Matt Bevin of threatening lawmakers and said such actions may be the target of a federal investigation. Beshear’s remarks, made at a press conference in the state capital of Frankfort, are the latest in a burgeoning political war between the two politicians. Beshear, a Democrat, accused Bevin, a Republican, of threatening cancellation of road projects in Democratic lawmakers’ districts unless they switched parties. “He demanded that Democratic legislators switch parties and threatened to cancel road projects in their districts if they didn’t comply,” Beshear said of Bevin, according to a transcript of his speech. “When they refused, he said he would destroy them.  “I understand that the FBI may be looking into that kind of conduct,” he added, according to the transcript. Beshear’s spokesman, Dan Hassert, confirmed the former governor’s comments. David Habich, a spokesman for the FBI’s Louisville office, said he could not disclose whether Bevin is being investigated. Bevin is currently in Europe on an economic development trip. Jessica Ditto, Bevin’s communications director, said in a statement that Beshear was trying to protect himself by throwing out baseless accusations. Last week, Bevin called for a probe into how Beshear’s administration awarded state contracts and solicited campaign contributions. Bevin’s accusations came shortly before a former Beshear official pleaded guilty to federal bribery charges. On Wednesday, Beshear said Bevin was the one using intimidation, accusing the governor of threatening the jobs of state employees if they did not accuse the previous administration of wrongdoing.  Kentucky’s House of Representatives has been in Democratic control since 1921, but the party only has a 53-47 edge. Two members did switch after Bevin won election in November.      The hostilities began before Bevin took office in December after the term-limited Beshear appointed his wife to an unpaid seat on the state horse park commission during his final days in office. Meanwhile, the former governor has launched a campaign against Bevin’s healthcare initiatives. In addition, Beshear’s son serves as the state’s attorney general and has sued Bevin over cuts he ordered in higher education funding. Beshear on Wednesday said he hopes his successor stops with the accusations and moves forward with leading the state. “But if he wants a food fight, you know which he’s had so far, then I’m going answer any unfounded allegations that he keeps throwing out there,” Beshear said. ",1
9763,"Carly's croon sparks bewilderment, criticism on social media","(Reuters) - Carly Fiorina was so happy to be named U.S. presidential hopeful Ted Cruz’s running mate, she broke into song during her acceptance speech. But the chorus that greeted her on social media was anything but complimentary. Cruz announced at a rally on Wednesday in Indianapolis that the former Chief Executive Officer of Hewlett-Packard would join his ticket. But the unveiling faced scorn on social media after she started to sing while addressing the crowd. ""I know two girls that I just adore,"" crooned Fiorina, in reference to Cruz's two daughters, Caroline and Catherine. ""I'm so happy I can see them more. 'Cuz we travel on the bus all day; we get to play."" (here) Twitter users reacted with bewilderment, mocking Fiorina over her singing. “Carly Fiorina started singing at a rally where she’s named VP by a candidate who ain’t getting the nod,” tweeted writer and Ebony columnist Michael Arceneaux (@youngsinick). “This election is hilarious.” “Fiorina is singing and it’s extremely creepy,” tweeted Donie O’Sullivan (@donie), the politics lead with news agency Storyful. “You know this was a joke but then she literally went and sang at the event,” tweeted joseito (@go_oat). After suffering a series of crushing losses to Trump in nominating contests on Tuesday, Cruz praised Fiorina as a principled fighter for conservative values who knew how to create jobs and would be a valuable ally on the campaign trail. ",1
9764,Ryan wants to end Obamacare cost protections for sick consumers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan called on Wednesday for an end to Obamacare’s financial protections for people with serious medical conditions, saying these consumers should be placed in state high-risk pools.  In election-year remarks that could shed light on an expected Republican healthcare alternative, Ryan said existing federal policy that prevents insurers from charging sick people higher rates for health coverage has raised costs for healthy consumers while undermining choice and competition. The rule, a cornerstone of President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act, has been praised by patient advocates for providing access to medical care for people who previously could not afford private health insurance. The Affordable Care Act also bars insurers from excluding coverage for pre-existing conditions. “Less than 10 percent of people under 65 are what we call people with pre-existing conditions, who are really kind of uninsurable,” Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican, told a student audience at Georgetown University.  “Let’s fund risk pools at the state level to subsidize their coverage, so that they can get affordable coverage,” he said. “You dramatically lower the price for everybody else. You make health insurance so much more affordable, so much more competitive and open up competition.” Charging the same rates to individuals regardless of their medical history is also a key part of group health plans in the private sector. House Republicans, after repeated votes to repeal Obamacare, have promised to produce their own alternative to the Affordable Care Act as part of a broader policy agenda intended to attract voters in the Nov. 8 presidential election. The policy document is expected just ahead of the Republican presidential nominating convention in July. High-risk pools, which existed before the healthcare law, are state-level entities that guarantee coverage for people with health problems. Analysts say they can be prohibitively expensive and offer less than optimal health coverage.  Republicans have proposed state-based risk pools as an Obamacare alternative in the past. Last week, the conservative Republican Study Committee recommended risk pools as part of the House policy agenda, saying premiums should be capped at 200 percent of a state’s average.  ",1
9765,"Ackman, Valeant pledge reforms after spiking drug prices","WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Activist investor William Ackman promised U.S. lawmakers on Wednesday that he will urge the board of Valeant Pharmaceuticals (VRX.TO) to reduce the high prices of four life-saving drugs that are now at the heart of two congressional probes. Speaking before the Senate Special Committee on Aging, Ackman revealed that Valeant’s board will hold a conference call on Thursday to discuss the costs of heart medications Isuprel and Nitropress, as well as Cuprimine and Syprine, two drugs that are used to treat a genetic disorder that causes copper to build up in the body’s organs. Valeant raised the price of Isuprel by about 720 percent and Nitropress by 310 percent, after acquiring them in 2015. The other two were raised by 5,878 percent and 3,162 percent, respectively. “My recommendation is going to be to reduce the prices,” Ackman testified. The Senate Special Committee on Aging is one of two U.S. congressional panels investigating sky-rocketing price increases of certain decades-old drugs acquired by companies including Valeant and Turing Pharmaceuticals, a company founded by Martin Shkreli. Ackman, a major Valeant shareholder, appeared Wednesday alongside the company’s outgoing Chief Executive Michael Pearson and Howard Schiller, a board member and former chief financial officer. Ackman joined the board last month as Valeant faced mounting scrutiny by members of Congress, prosecutors and regulators over its drug pricing, business practices and accounting - issues that have caused its share price to plummet almost 90 percent since August. Valeant has about $30 billion of debt and has been negotiating with creditors, some of whom issued notices of default after it missed a deadline for the filing of its financial results. Ackman said Wednesday that one of his top priorities is to protect the company from bankruptcy. Later, in response to a question from Reuters, he expressed confidence that the company will recover. “There is not going to be any bankruptcy of Valeant,” he said. “We were in a death spiral, and we have taken steps to deal with the banks. We are going to file our 10K on time. We brought in a new CEO.” Pearson, Ackman and Schiller all told lawmakers on Wednesday they regretted Valeant’s pricing decisions. “The company was too aggressive and I, as its leader, was too aggressive in pursuing price increases on certain drugs,” he said. But many lawmakers on the panel appeared skeptical. They questioned Valeant’s business model of investing little in research and development, and the company’s practice of acquiring decades-old drugs and raising the prices. Senator Claire McCaskill, the panel’s top Democrat, angrily asked each of the panelists at one point if they could recall one drug that Valeant didn’t raise the price on.  “Not in the United States,” Pearson responded, while Schiller was only able to come up with the name of one drug Valeant acquired after its purchase of Salix. “That is not social good, that is social bad,” McCaskill said.  Lawmakers also questioned whether Valeant’s patient assistance and rebate programs are truly helping patients and hospitals afford the medications. Senator Susan Collins, the panel’s chairman, said her committee’s investigation has thus far been unable to find a single hospital that has received a discount. “I can assure you that many of the large hospital systems are getting discounts on the heart drugs,” Pearson said.  Pearson is expected to step down in the coming weeks to make way for the incoming CEO, Joseph Papa, previously of Perrigo Company (PRGO.N). Wednesday’s hearing also featured testimony from doctors and a patient with Wilson’s Disease who was forced to stop using Syprine because of the price spike.  Dr. Frederick Askari of the University of Michigan told the panel that the cost of Syprine is now so high that it has become less expensive to get a liver transplant and a life-time supply of anti-rejection medications. The patient, Berna Heyman, testified that Valeant refused to help her when she called to complain about the prices. Later, after speaking with the media, the company changed its tune, offered to help, and even sent flowers. “I refused the flowers,” she said. ",1
9766,Valeant to pay new CEO Papa base salary of $1.5 million ,"(Reuters) - Drugmaker Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc’s (VRX.TO) new chief executive, Joseph Papa, will receive a base salary of $1.5 million, the company said in a filing on Wednesday. Valeant said on Monday former Perrigo Co Plc (PRGO.N) head Papa would replace Michael Pearson as its CEO. Papa will also receive a cash payment of $8 million to make up for the equity-based compensation he forfeited in connection with the termination of his employment with Perrigo.  Valeant said in March Pearson was leaving the company, just three weeks after returning from a two-month medical leave.  Pearson's base salary for full-year 2014 was $2 million and his total compensation amounted to $10.3 million, according to a regulatory filing. (1.usa.gov/1aapxiM) ",1
9767,Clinton sole presidential hopeful to attend Asian American forum,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Democrat Hillary Clinton is the only presidential contender scheduled to attend a reception next week organized by a leading political association of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders as she seeks to consolidate her support from minority voters.     The Asian Pacific American Institute for Congressional Studies Leadership Network, a nonpartisan group that seeks to get Asian Americans elected to political office, said on Wednesday that it had invited all presidential hopefuls to the event in Washington, but Clinton was the only one to accept. The campaigns of Clinton’s Democratic rival Bernie Sanders and Republican hopeful Ted Cruz did not commit, and the campaign of Republican front-runner Donald Trump campaign responded that he was unlikely to attend, Floyd Mori, president and chief executive of the leadership network said. Republican John Kasich’s campaign did not respond.     Minority voters have provided a boost to Clinton as she fends off a challenge from Vermont Senator Sanders for the Democratic nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election. African Americans helped her notch key wins in states such as South Carolina and this week in Maryland.      Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders are a smaller group,  making up about 5.6 percent of the population, according to U.S. Census data. But in recent years they have been among the fastest-growing ethnic groups in the United States.     “We are a vote that is becoming increasingly powerful,” said Rep. Judy Chu, a Democrat in Congress representing California, who will introduce Clinton at the event. “In this election we are the swing vote in the swing states,” Chu said, pointing to Virginia and Nevada.     Still, challenges remain in building the Asian Americans electorate into a political force, Mori said.     “We are not as good at registering Asian Americans (to vote) as a lot of other populations,” he said. “We need to do better.”     ",1
9768,Trump's Washington foreign policy speech,"(Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump delivered a major foreign policy speech on Wednesday, vowing always to put America first.. The following are highlights from his address: “No country has ever prospered that failed to put its own interests first. Both our friends and our enemies put their countries above ours and we, while being fair to them, must start doing the same. We will no longer surrender this country or its people to the false song of globalism. The nation-state remains the true foundation for happiness and harmony. I am skeptical of international unions that tie us up and bring America down.” “The Russians and Chinese have rapidly expanded their military capability, but look at what’s happened to us. Our nuclear weapons arsenal, our ultimate deterrent, has been allowed to atrophy and is desperately in need of modernization and renewal.” “Our active duty armed forces have shrunk from 2 million in 1991 to about 1.3 million today. The Navy has shrunk from over 500 ships to 272 ships during this same period of time. The air force is about one-third smaller than 1991. Pilots flying B-52s, in combat missions today - these planes are older than virtually everybody in this room.” “President Obama watches helplessly as North Korea increases its aggression and expands further and further with its nuclear reach. Our president has allowed China to continue its economic assault on American jobs and wealth, refusing to enforce trade deals and apply leverage on China necessary to rein in North Korea. We have the leverage. We have the power over China, economic power, and people don’t understand it. And with that economic power we can rein in and we can get them to do what they have to do with North Korea, which is totally out of control.”     “Russia, for instance, has also seen the horror of Islamic terrorism. I believe an easing of tensions, and improved relations with Russia from a position of strength only is possible, absolutely possible. Common sense says this cycle, this horrible cycle of hostility, must end and ideally will end soon.” “We have a massive trade deficit with China, a deficit that we have to find a way quickly, and I mean quickly, to balance. A strong and smart America is an America that will find a better friend in China, better than we have right now. Look at what China is doing in the South China Sea. They’re not supposed to be doing it. No respect for this country or this president. We can both benefit or we can both go our separate ways. If need be, that’s what’s going to have to happen.” “And then there’s ISIS. I have a simple message for them: Their days are numbered. I won’t tell them where and I won’t tell them how.” “ISIS will be gone if I’m elected president. And they’ll be gone quickly.” “He (Obama) negotiated a disastrous deal with Iran, and then we watched them ignore its terms even before the ink was dry. Iran cannot be allowed to have a nuclear weapon.” “He (Obama) supported the ouster of a friendly regime in Egypt that had a longstanding peace treaty with Israel, and then helped bring the Muslim Brotherhood to power in its place. “Israel, our great friend and the one true democracy in the Middle East has been snubbed and criticized by an administration that lacks moral clarity. “President Obama has not been a friend to Israel.  He has treated Iran with tender love and care and made it a great power.” “After I’m elected president, I will also call for a summit with our NATO allies and a separate summit with our Asian allies. In these summits, we will not only discuss a rebalancing of financial commitments, but take a fresh look at how we can adopt new strategies for tackling our common challenges.     “For instance, we will discuss how we can upgrade NATO’s outdated mission and structure, grown out of the Cold War to confront our shared challenges, including migration and Islamic terrorism.” ",1
9769,U.S. Congress passes legislation to protect firms' trade secrets,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress on Wednesday passed and sent to President Barack Obama legislation strengthening legal protection for companies’ trade secrets, including manufacturing processes and computer methods. The House of Representatives voted 410-2 to approve the “Defend Trade Secrets Act” on the heels of it being unanimously passed by the Senate earlier this month. The legislation, which is backed by the White House, would open the door for companies to sue in federal court for damages related to theft of trade secrets. House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte said the measure “will help American innovators protect their intellectual property from criminal theft by foreign agents and those engaging in economic espionage.” In urging its passage, Goodlatte rattled off iconic U.S. products including fried chicken from the fast food restaurant KFC and Coca Cola, saying the legislation would provide further protections for their secret recipes.  Theft of intellectual property, including trade secrets, is estimated to cost American firms more than $300 billion a year, according to a 2013 report by the Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property. Trade secret theft already is a federal crime, but without the right to sue in federal court, companies must seek redress in state courts amid a patchwork of state laws. Corporations such as Boeing Co and Johnson & Johnson, as well as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and computer software lobbyists representing companies such as Apple Inc and Microsoft Corp, have pushed for the enhanced protections. Backers of the legislation have cited a case last year in which a South Korean company, Kolon Industries, was found guilty in U.S. federal court of conspiracy to steal trade secrets from DuPont. The foreign firm was ordered to pay $85 million in criminal fines and $275 million in restitution for illegally obtaining information on the chemical company’s Kevlar body armor, which resulted in nearly $1 billion in economic losses for DuPont, according to lawmakers. In allowing civil suits in federal court for illegal procurement of trade secrets including manufacturing processes, formulas, computer algorithms, industrial designs, business strategies and customer lists, the legislation aims to create uniform standards for what constitutes trade secret theft. “In today’s digital environment, it has never been easier to transfer trade secrets across the globe with the click of a cell phone, tablet, or computer key,” said Representative Jerrold Nadler, the leading Democratic co-sponsor of the legislation. ",1
9770,Sanders says to lay off hundreds of campaign workers: NY Times,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said on Wednesday he is planning to lay off hundreds of campaign workers nationwide and focus on winning in California, the New York Times reported on Wednesday. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, told the Times in an interview he planned to remain in the race despite losing four of five states in primary voting on Tuesday, putting him further behind rival Hillary Clinton. (nyti.ms/1N0tb1O) “We want to win as many delegates as we can, so we do not need workers now in states around the country,” the newspaper quoted Sanders as saying.  ",1
9771,Email privacy bill unanimously passes U.S. House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives voted unanimously on Wednesday to require law enforcement authorities to get a search warrant before asking technology companies to hand over old emails. The bill’s prospects in the Senate remain unclear, though the 419-0 vote in the House was likely to put pressure on the upper chamber to approve it. Under the Email Privacy Act, which updates a decades-old law, authorities would have to get a warrant to access emails or other digital communications more than 180 days old. At present, agencies such as the U.S. Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission only need a subpoena to seek such data from a service provider. Supporters of the legislation say it is needed to update the 1986 Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA). Technology companies and privacy advocates say that statute was written before the rise of the Internet and so is outdated. The issue of law enforcement access to private electronic communications has been at the center of an international debate. This was reflected in the Justice Department’s high-profile pursuit of a court order earlier this year to force Apple Inc (AAPL.O) to help unlock an encrypted iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters.     Separately, Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) earlier this month filed lawsuit in federal court against the Justice Department, alleging the government is using ECPA in a way that violates the U.S. Constitution.      The company argued ECPA is too often used to prevent the company from notifying its users, sometimes indefinitely, when investigators pry into emails and other data stored on remote servers. More than a quarter of senators have endorsed similar legislation in the upper chamber to the House bill, including No. 2 Republican John Cornyn.  But it was unclear if Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, who holds jurisdiction over the legislation, intends to move it forward during an election year.  The Iowa Republican will review the House bill, consult with stakeholders and his committee “and decide where to go from there,” a spokeswoman told Reuters in an email. Senators Patrick Leahy and Mike Lee, the Democratic and Republican authors of the Senate bill, praised the House vote in a statement as “an historic step toward updating our privacy laws for the digital age” and urged quick consideration. ",1
9772,"Ex-House Speaker Hastert gets 15 months, admits sex abuse","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert, once one of the country’s most powerful politicians, was sentenced on Wednesday to 15 months in federal prison for a financial crime related to sexual abuse of high school wrestlers he coached decades ago. U.S. District Court Judge Thomas Durkin called Hastert a serial sex abuser in handing down the sentence, which was longer than the zero to six months recommended by federal prosecutors. Durkin said the sentence would have been even longer if it weren’t for Hastert’s age, 74, and poor health. Frail and clinging to a walker, Hastert apologized for sexually abusing boys when he was a teacher and coach in his hometown of Yorkville. “I’m sorry to those I hurt and misled. I wanted to apologize for the boys I mistreated,” Hastert told Durkin at the two-hour sentencing hearing in federal court in Chicago. The judge asked him if he acknowledged sexual abuse of his victims and Hastert said he did. Hastert, the longest-serving Republican House speaker in history and a successful international lobbyist who was earning $75,000 a month, pleaded guilty last October to the crime of structuring. That involves withdrawing a large sum of money in small increments to avoid detection. He needed the cash after he reached a secret agreement with one of his five sexual abuse victims to pay him $3.5 million in compensation for pain and suffering. The judge said that even though Hastert could not be charged with sex abuse because the statute of limitations had run out, he could take the conduct into consideration at sentencing. “Some conduct is unforgivable no matter how old it is. The abuse was 40 years ago but the damage lasts today,” Durkin said. Hastert’s defense had asked for a probation-only sentence, arguing that his shame and humiliation were punishment enough. His portrait has been removed from the Capitol, the seat of the U.S. Congress, and his alma mater Wheaton College stripped his name from a public policy center. “Nothing is more stunning than having the words ‘serial child molester’ and ‘speaker of the house’ in the same sentence,” Durkin acknowledged. But he said that an extremely aggravating factor in the sentencing was that Hastert lied to federal agents about the money and falsely claimed that the victim was extorting him. He said Hastert must serve two years of probation and go through sex-offender treatment after release, and also pay a $250,000 fine. Scott Cross, 53, one of Hastert’s victims, and Jolene Burdge, the sister of another victim who is deceased, both spoke during the hearing. “Don’t be a coward, Mr. Hastert,” Burdge said. “Tell the truth. What you did wasn’t misconduct. It was sexual abuse of a minor.” Cross, the first victim to ever speak publicly about the abuse, choked up as he described how Hastert molested him in the wrestling locker room in 1972. “As a 17-year-old boy I was devastated,” he told the judge. “I tried to figure out why Coach Hastert had singled me out. I felt very alone and tremendously embarrassed.” Hastert, a conservative who trumpeted his honesty and small-town values when he was in Washington, D.C., said he did not contest Cross’s statement. But his defense said the former politician had forgotten the incident from 1972 and had even approached Cross’s older brother, Tom Cross, former Illinois House Republican leader, and asked him to write a letter of support to the judge. The sex abuse victim who received money from Hastert has not been named publicly. On Monday, using the name James Doe, he sued Hastert for $1.8 million, saying he had received only $1.7 million of the promised compensation. Hastert had been out on bail pending sentencing. When there is room for him, he will report to a federal prison where he can get medical treatment after suffering a life-threatening blood infection last year. ",1
9773,Maine official approves ballot initiative on marijuana legalization,"(Reuters) - A Maine state official on Wednesday validated a petition by pro-marijuana activists that would allow the state’s voters to determine whether to make recreational use of the drug legal in the northeasternmost U.S. state. Maine Secretary of State Matthew Dunlap found that activists had collected enough verified signatures to be presented to state lawmakers for consideration, his office said in a statement. The state legislature has the option of approving the proposal as written or placing it on the ballot in November. That move followed a ruling by a state judge earlier this month that overruled an initial decision by Dunlap’s office that almost half of the signatures gathered by the campaign were not valid, citing concerns that the signatures of notaries public on various forms submitted did not match up with versions on file in official state records. The referendum would allow adults 21 and older to legally possess marijuana, while levying a 10 percent tax on recreational sales. Marijuana use in public would remain illegal. Maine Governor Paul LePage has publicly opposed the measure, saying he believes marijuana is a “gateway drug” that leads other sorts of narcotics abuse. Voters in four U.S. states plus the District of Columbia have legalized the recreational use of the drug in similar ballot initiatives. Advocates have pushed for similar referendums this year in a half-dozen other states, including Massachusetts and California. ",1
9774,Iran nuclear deal fight threatens Senate spending bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A battle over implementation of the Iran nuclear deal erupted on the U.S. Senate floor on Wednesday as Democrats maneuvered to block a Republican amendment stopping the Obama administration from buying heavy water from Tehran’s nuclear program. By a vote of 50-46, Democrats and four Republicans banded together to stop a fiscal 2017 energy spending bill, in order to keep Republican Senator Tom Cotton from offering his amendment to the measure. The legislation had needed 60 ‘yes’ votes to move ahead. President Barack Obama’s administration had warned Congress that it strongly opposed any move to prevent the planned purchase of $8.6 million worth of heavy water, which is non-radioactive and used in nuclear reactors and for making nuclear weapons. Under last year’s nuclear deal between Iran, the United States and five other world powers, Tehran is responsible for reducing its stock of the substance, which it can sell, dilute or dispose of, under certain conditions. The dust-up put a crimp in Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s plans to spend the next several weeks advancing bipartisan appropriations bills to keep the federal government functioning beyond Sept. 30, the end of the fiscal year. Before the vote, Senator Chuck Schumer, the No. 2 Senate Democrat, told reporters that if Democrats allowed the bill to proceed, potentially clearing the way for a vote on the Cotton amendment, Republicans would be emboldened “again and again and again” to attach to spending bills “poison pill” amendments the White House opposes. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Cotton’s focus was on undermining the implementation of the nuclear deal with Iran, and that the administration was “gratified” Cotton’s amendment did not advance in the Senate. “I’m confident that (Cotton) couldn’t differentiate heavy water from sparkling water,” Earnest said.Cotton said he wanted to “insure that the United States taxpayer is not subsidizing a critical component of Iran’s nuclear industry, which I would add we are not required to do under the nuclear agreement with Iran.” Every Republican in Congress opposed the nuclear agreement announced in July, joined by several of Obama’s fellow Democrats. Not trusting Tehran to keep its promise to curtail its nuclear program, some lawmakers have tried repeatedly to pass legislation the administration says would undermine it. McConnell said he would try again to pass the spending bill, accusing Democrats of finding new ways “to blow up” the appropriations process. ",1
9775,Alabama city makes bathroom access by gender identity a crime,"(Reuters) - An Alabama city appears to be the first in the country to specify criminal penalties for violators of an ordinance requiring people to use bathrooms that match the gender on their birth certificates, civil rights groups said on Wednesday. The law passed on Tuesday by the city council in Oxford, located about 60 miles east of Birmingham, carries a possible punishment of a $500 fine or six months in jail. The measure raises the stakes in the U.S. bathroom wars that have caused fierce debate among state lawmakers, school officials and Republican presidential candidates. It goes further than a law enacted last month in North Carolina - which has been boycotted by businesses, entertainers and government workers - since it became the first state to bar transgender people from using bathrooms that correspond with their gender identity. North Carolina’s law applies to restrooms and locker rooms in government-owned facilities and schools. The Oxford ordinance also includes bathrooms in private businesses and explicitly makes violating the provision a crime, the Human Rights Campaign said. “This is a very concerning expansion of the ways in which trans people are going to be and have been policed,” said Chase Strangio, a staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union’s LGBT Project. “It’s essentially just criminalizing trans existence.” Steven Waits, president of the Oxford City Council, said the measure was a response to complaints from residents after retailer Target last week said transgender people and customers could use store bathrooms that matched the gender with which they identify, the Anniston Star reported. Waits said the council adopted the law “not out of concerns for the 0.3 percent of the population who identify as transgender,” but “to protect our women and children,” according to the newspaper. Waits did not reply to a request for comment from Reuters. Strangio said the law raises constitutional questions and the ACLU was considering taking legal action to block it. The group already has sued North Carolina over its law. ",1
9776,U.S. top court poised to overturn Virginia ex-governor's bribery conviction,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday appeared poised to throw out the corruption convictions of former Virginia Governor Robert McDonnell, a move federal prosecutors fear could undermine their ability to bring crooked politicians to justice. During the one-hour argument, several of the eight justices signaled that McDonnell’s acceptance of $177,000 in luxury gifts and sweetheart loans from a businessman seeking to promote a dietary supplement did not constitute a criminal act. They voiced concern that the broad interpretation of U.S. anti-corruption law used by federal prosecutors could criminalize numerous commonplace actions by politicians. U.S. Justice Department lawyer Michael Dreeben told the justices overturning McDonnell’s conviction and giving politicians more leeway to accept gifts in return for certain actions would be a “recipe for corruption.” McDonnell’s lawyer Noel Francisco argued the former governor’s conduct was no different than what politicians across the United States do on a daily basis when responding to requests from donors and constituents. McDonnell, 61, is a former Republican Party rising star who served as governor from 2010 to 2014 and once was considered as a possible vice presidential candidate. His wife, Maureen, was convicted in a separate trial. Prosecutors during his trial described the luxurious lifestyle the McDonnells lived thanks to Virginia businessman Jonnie Williams including vacations, designer clothing and shoes, a $6,500 Rolex watch, $15,000 for their daughter’s wedding, golf outings and more. Liberal and conservative justices alike raised concerns about the Justice Department’s interpretation of U.S. bribery law. Stephen Breyer described as “dangerous” the “enormous power over elected officials” that federal prosecutors would hold if the court endorsed the Justice Department’s position. A ruling is due by the end of June. A decision in McDonnell’s favor could limit the type of cases federal prosecutors could bring against politicians in the future by requiring that any action taken in return for a bribe must be more than, for example, simply arranging a meeting between a benefactor and a government official. The impact of the decision would depend on how far the justices are willing to go in narrowing the scope of the corruption laws. The justices potentially could overturn the conviction but issue a narrow ruling focusing on the specifics of McDonnell’s case, including the judge’s instructions to the jury on how to weigh the evidence, rather than finding that the corruption law used in the case was flawed. Even if his conviction is overturned, McDonnell could face a retrial. Chief Justice John Roberts appeared to favor a broad ruling saying the statutes under which McDonnell was convicted could be unconstitutionally vague because they can cover many different activities. Roberts cited the example of a businessman seeking state tax breaks in return for opening a new plant. Roberts wondered if it would be considered a corrupt act if the state’s governor accepted an invitation from the businessman to go on a fishing trip to discuss the proposal. Breyer and Justice Anthony Kennedy said politicians need guidance so they know what conduct potentially could be prosecuted. If the law is interpreted broadly, “political figures will not know what they are supposed to do and what they are not supposed to do,” Breyer said. After a trial that laid bare rifts in his marriage, McDonnell was convicted of 11 corruption counts including conspiracy, bribery and extortion for taking the gifts and loans in exchange for promoting a dietary supplement called Anatabloc made by Williams’ company Star Scientific. Williams wanted McDonnell to press researchers at Virginia state universities to conduct studies that could help win U.S. regulatory approval for Anatabloc.  A judge sentenced McDonnell to two years behind bars, but the Supreme Court last year said he would not have to report to prison while appeals were ongoing. McDonnell’s wife was found guilty of nine criminal counts and received a one-year sentence. She remains out of prison while pursuing her own separate appeal. Sonia Sotomayor, one of the only justices to indicate support for the prosecution, suggested it was reasonable to infer that McDonnell’s intent was to help Williams when he accepted money and gifts. Some justices appeared troubled by the signal a ruling in his favor would send. Ruth Bader Ginsburg appeared alarmed by the idea of officials being able to accept payments to arrange meetings without facing potential prosecution. Officials could simply say “I’ll do it for you if you pay me a thousand dollars,” she said. McDonnell, one of few high-level politicians to have his appeal of a criminal conviction heard by the Supreme Court, sat with his wife in the courtroom for the last oral arguments of the justices’ current term. McDonnell’s lawyers contend the former governor’s conduct did not constitute “official action” in exchange for a thing of value, as required for conviction under federal bribery law. ",1
9777,"Obama to visit Flint, Michigan to hear about water crisis","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will visit Flint, Michigan next week to hear from residents about the drinking water crisis, the White House said on Wednesday. Obama will visit Flint on May 4 to hear “first-hand from Flint residents about the public health crisis,” and get a briefing on federal response efforts, a White House official said. Children in Flint were exposed to dangerous levels of lead in drinking water after a state-appointed city manager ordered a switch to the Flint River for supplies.  ",1
9778,White House urges congressional action amid Flint water crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Obama’s trip to Flint, Michigan next week is aimed at highlighting the ongoing need to help that community recover in the wake of its drinking water crisis, the White House said on Wednesday in urging the Republican-led Congress to take action. “There are a number of things that the administration has done, but there are significant underlying problems that can only be addressed through congressional action,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters at a daily briefing. ",1
9779,House Speaker Ryan: All options open on Zika funding,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House Speaker Paul Ryan on Wednesday said a range of options to provide funds to fight Zika, adding that lawmakers take the threat seriously but have not yet decided the best way to allocate resources to prevent and combat the deadly virus. “We’re looking at all different options,” adding that the White House has begun providing congressional staff with answers to questions over President Barack Obama’s funding request. “The administration has a bit of a track record of over-requesting what they need.”    ",1
9780,Republican presidential candidate Cruz to make announcement at 4 p.m.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz said he will make a major announcement at 4 p.m. on Wednesday but gave no other details.  Speaking to reporters in Indianapolis, Cruz’s comments come amid reports that the U.S. senator from Texas is vetting former business executive Carly Fiorina as a possible vice presidential pick.  ",1
9781,North Carolina lawmaker: 'we must fight to keep our state straight',"(Reuters) - A Republican candidate running to become North Carolina’s attorney general faced criticism on Tuesday after saying “we must fight to keep our state straight” while discussing a law that restricts transgender bathroom access and gay rights. The measure has positioned the state at the center of a debate over equality, privacy and religious freedom as states propose legislation seen as discriminatory against gay and transgender people in the wake of a U.S. Supreme Court ruling last year that legalized same-sex marriage. State Senator Buck Newton made the comment while concluding a speech at a rally on Monday and welcomed the idea of being considered a poster child for the law, dubbed HB 2. The law made North Carolina the first state in the country to require transgender people to use restrooms in public buildings and schools that match the sex on their birth certificate rather than their gender identity. “Go home, tell your friends and family who had to work today what this is all about and how hard we must fight to keep our state straight,” he said to applause. The North Carolina Democratic Party on Tuesday called the comments hateful and discriminatory, demanded Newton apologize, and called on Republican Governor Pat McCrory to denounce the statement. “One of the Republican sponsors of HB 2 just admitted the real purpose of the law: to make North Carolina unwelcoming to (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) people,” party spokesman Dave Miranda said in a statement.  In a statement on his Facebook page on Tuesday, Newton said “liberals” were “twisting my words.” Lawmakers on Monday returned to the state’s capital to begin a short session designed to address the state budget, though controversy over the law has drawn much attention. A group of Democratic representatives on Monday filed a bill seeking a repeal the law, while Republican lawmakers have shown little willingness to back down. Thousands also flocked to Raleigh to show support or disdain for the law. Business leaders, entertainers and even Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump have come out against the law. Opponents contend it demonizes transgender people and limits government protections against discrimination for gays and lesbians. ",1
9782,U.S. diplomat Nuland says optimistic about Ukraine reforms,"KIEV (Reuters) - U.S Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland said on Wednesday she was encouraged by signs of commitment to reform from Ukraine’s new government and urged Kiev to start jailing corrupt officials. Months of political turmoil in the run-up to the cabinet reshuffle - the biggest since an uprising in 2014 brought in a pro-Western leadership - have derailed efforts to root out corruption, delaying billions of dollars in foreign loans. “Overall, I go home encouraged by the commitment of all the political forces ‎to continuing and accelerating reform, economic reform, anti-corruption reform, in particular judicial reform,” she said at the end of her first official visit to Kiev since the political shakeup earlier in April. Former prime minister Arseny Yatseniuk resigned two weeks ago and was replaced by Volodymyr Groysman, a close ally of President Petro Poroshenko.    “Obviously corruption is still a very deep problem. It’s time to start locking up people who have ripped off the Ukrainian population for too long,” she said.  Nuland called for greater political unity, insisting Ukraine must “stay the course” with a $17.5 billion bailout program from the International Monetary Fund, whose third tranche of $1.7 billion has been delayed since last October. Pro-European reformists in Ukraine have previously expressed concern that the latest political reboot will not eliminate the influence of powerful business interests on policymaking. Nuland said further U.S. financial assistance to Ukraine - a third $1-billion loan guarantee is in the offing -  would depend on the government sticking to the IMF program.  ",1
9783,Baltimore primary voters back reform candidate for mayor after Freddie Gray unrest,"BALTIMORE (Reuters) - A Maryland state senator backing law enforcement reform won a narrow victory on Tuesday in the Democratic nominating contest for the mayor of Baltimore, as the city recovers a year after rioting sparked by a black man’s death in police custody. The primary election in the mostly African-American city of 620,000 people comes as Baltimore residents confront rising violent crime and unrest sparked by the death of Freddie Gray in April, 2015.  The incident stoked a simmering U.S. debate on treatment of minorities by law enforcement officers and prompted the current mayor to decline to seek re-election.  While the Republican Party and other parties also held primaries, the Democratic race’s winner almost certainly will win November’s general election because Democrats outnumber Republicans 10 to one in Baltimore, about 40 miles (60 km) northeast of Washington. In the Democratic contest, state Senator Catherine Pugh, the chamber’s majority leader edged out former Mayor Sheila Dixon, 37 percent to 34 percent. Dixon was forced from office in 2010 for allegedly misappropriating gift cards for low-income families. Pugh defeated a field of 13 Democrats vying for the nomination, including DeRay Mckesson, a nationally known activist with the Black Lives Matter movement that sprang up after police killings of minorities in U.S. cities. Mckesson logged 12 percent of the vote. Pugh, Dixon, Mckesson and Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake are African-Americans. Pugh, who co-chaired a legislative working group on law enforcement reform, has called for greater accountability for Baltimore police and the use of mobile units to help residents find jobs.  Voters said they hoped the election would bring positive change to the port city. At 7.1 percent, Baltimore’s jobless rate is above the national average, and the city has been hit by a surge in murders. “I think it’s a very important election. It’s time for change,” retiree Diane McCants, 67, said at a polling place in West Baltimore. Tyrone Forney, a 52-year-old voter in northeast Baltimore, said the mayor’s race was critical. “We need new faces, new ideas,” he said. The onetime steelmaking city exploded into world headlines a year ago after Gray, 25, died from a broken neck suffered in police custody. His death sparked protests and a day of rioting. Six police officers - three black and three white - have been charged in Gray’s death. Rawlings-Blake, the mayor since 2010, came under fire for her handling of the crisis. She said in September that she would not seek re-election. ",1
9784,Judge rejects challenge to Arizona presidential nominating election,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - A judge on Tuesday tossed out a legal challenge to a problem-plagued presidential preference election in Arizona, ruling that the woes at the polls were not due to fraud. Maricopa County Superior Court Judge David Gass said there were insufficient grounds for granting the request to void the results of the March 22 nominating election, which was marked by long lines and controversy.  In a ruling from the bench, Gass said there were glitches and possible missteps by election officials but that the results would not have changed. “Elections are human endeavors. They are never, ever perfect,” Gass said. “Glitches are always something that we need to wary of and we need to work hard, and we need to fix them.... But they don’t rise to the level of fraud.” Gass issued his verbal decision following a two-day hearing on the lawsuit brought by Tucson resident John Brakey, who alleged that election officials committed misconduct. The lawsuit argued officials improperly handled voter registration requests and permitted illegal votes to be cast in the election. He also said erroneous ballots were counted and the number of polling locations were inadequate. He sought a repeat of the election, easily won by Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump. Brakey’s attorney Michael Kielsky told Reuters on Tuesday night that he was disappointed in the ruling, but that it likely will not be appealed. The election brought widespread criticism to Arizona, which saw frustrated voters wait in line for as long as five hours to cast their ballots at a drastically reduced number of polls.  In a cost-cutting move, county election officials slashed the polling locations to 60, compared with 200 in the election in 2012.  Officials immediately took the blame for the mistake, saying the decision was based on past voter turnout and an increase in mail-in votes. The election also faces a separate federal court challenge by the state and national Democratic parties, along with the Clinton and Sanders campaigns. Justice department officials additionally have launched a probe into the handling of the election. ",1
9785,House passes bill seeking to counter extremists' recruiting pitches,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday approved a measure that would for the first time require the Homeland Security department to use testimonials from former extremists to counter recruiting messages from militant groups. “Terrorists are radicalizing our citizens online and across borders, which is why we need this legislation,” said House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul. The measure was approved 322 to 79. International allies of the United States such as Britain have long used testimony by disillusioned former extremists to discourage young people from joining militant groups. Despite support for the technique from U.S. officials including President Barack Obama, the United States has not used it. Lawmakers clashed because the proposal suggests using testimonials to counter “foreign terrorist organizations” but does not mention domestic extremists.  Concern about domestic extremism has grown more intense since the December shootings by an Islamic State-inspired couple in San Bernardino, California, and the occupation of a wildlife refuge in Oregon by domestic anti-government militants earlier this year.  Republican supporters of the measure emphasized that the bill would not prevent using testimonials from former extremists to combat domestic recruitment.  Congressional aides said on Monday they expect partner legislation to be introduced this week in the Senate. The Department of Homeland Security declined to comment, but said in a March memo that such a program could place a “significant burden on already limited resources.”  The department also said in the memo that it already has the authority to use testimonials from former extremists, but that it wants to avoid giving the impression that its current community outreach efforts might be used to gather them. ",1
9786,Jury deadlocks over tax-evasion charges against Washington state auditor,"SEATTLE (Reuters) - A jury did not convict Washington state’s auditor on money-laundering and tax-evasion charges on Tuesday in a blow to federal prosecutors who argued that the Democrat had “spun a web of lies” to avoid paying taxes and defraud thousands of homeowners. The jury in Tacoma also acquitted Troy Kelley, 51, of a single charge of making a false statement to IRS agents in April 2013 after about four days of deliberation following more than five weeks of trial.  “This is the first step toward vindication for him,” Angelo Calfo, a defense attorney for Kelley, said by telephone.  The criminal allegations against Kelley focus on his former document-tracking business for title companies during real estate sales and refinancing transactions in which he is accused of pocketing roughly $3 million in fees that should have been returned to borrowers from at least 2003 to 2008. A grand jury indicted Kelley, a Democrat elected in 2012, a year ago for his alleged scheme to keep stolen money and hide it from both the Internal Revenue Service and those due a refund for home purchases or mortgage refinancings.  Among the charges Kelley faced was one count of possession and concealment of stolen property related to processing fees that should have been returned to borrowers.  He also faced charges of failing to pay federal taxes, obstructing related IRS collections, money laundering, attempted obstruction of a civil lawsuit, and filing false income tax returns. It was not immediately clear what would happen with the remaining charges, Calfo said. Federal prosecutors could seek to re-try the case, or the judge could grant Kelley’s motion to dismiss the charges, he said. After a grand jury indicted Kelley last year, U.S. Attorney Annette Hayes said that he “spun a web of lies in an effort to avoid paying his taxes and keep more than a million dollars that he knew did not belong to him, but instead should have been returned to thousands of homeowners across this state.” Hayes said in a statement on Tuesday that her office “will thoroughly review the counts that the jury deadlocked on before making a decision about our next steps in this case.” A judge blocked a recall effort as Kelley fought the charges and he took a leave of absence to prepare his defense. Washington state Governor Jay Inslee, a fellow Democrat, has called for Kelley’s resignation. ",1
9787,Kansas governor withdraws from Syrian refugee program,"(Reuters) - Kansas is withdrawing from plans to resettle Syrian refugees in the state after the federal government failed to provide security information on them, Republican Governor Sam Brownback said on Tuesday. Brownback said in a statement that he repeatedly asked the administration of President Barack Obama for documentation on the screening of refugees who would be relocated from Syria to Kansas. “Because the federal government has failed to provide adequate assurances regarding refugees it is settling in Kansas, we have no option but to end our cooperation with and participation in the federal refugee resettlement program,” Brownback said. Kansas has received a trickle of Syrian refugees. A family of three and two men have been resettled there in the past 15 months, a spokeswoman for Brownback said by email. Obama pledged last year that the United States would take in 10,000 people fleeing war-torn Syria, under pressure from European leaders who have been inundated with refugees. But the promise came under fire from Republicans concerned that violent militants could come into the United States posing as refugees. Despite opposition from some states, the United States remains committed to admitting the promised number of Syrian refugees in the current fiscal year, which ends in September, said a State Department official who spoke on condition of anonymity. The official said state governments can consult on the resettlement of refugees, but the program is administered by the federal government. “Decisions regarding the admissibility of refugees to the United States are made by the Department of Homeland Security after stringent security checks,” the official said, noting that some refugee records are confidential. Kevin Griffis, a spokesman for the federal Health and Human Services Department, said that “refugee resettlement will continue in Kansas, coordinated by non-profit organizations.”  More than 30 governors attempted to block refugees from their states, but courts and attorneys general have said that it is up to the federal government to screen refugees and settle them. U.S. officials told a congressional panel in February that the country has tightened vetting of immigrants and refugees after attacks in California and Paris, and put on hold hundreds of applications from Syrian refugees. More than four million Syrians have fled their war-torn country, according to the United Nations, which calls it the biggest refugee population from a single conflict in a generation. Almost 2 million Syrian refugees are in Turkey and hundreds of thousands live in camps in Jordan, while others have flooded Greece, according to the U.N. ",1
9788,Rights groups appeal ruling upholding North Carolina voter ID law,"WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - Civil rights groups and churches opposed to sweeping changes to North Carolina’s election rules said on Tuesday they would ask an appeals court for a reversal after a federal judge upheld provisions they argue will suppress minority votes at the polls in November. The ruling late on Monday was highly anticipated in a presidential election year in a state that had close results for the White House in 2008 and 2012, and it received praise from the voting law’s Republican backers. U.S. District Judge Thomas Schroeder in Winston-Salem said the state could require voters to show approved photo identification at the polls, one of a number of provisions in the law that challengers have said targets groups of people who typically support Democratic candidates. Schroeder, who was appointed to the federal bench by President George W. Bush, also upheld provisions that eliminated a week of early voting, ended same-day registration and banned provisional ballots cast outside the correct precinct from being counted. Lawyers for groups including churches, the North Carolina chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the American Civil Liberties Union on Tuesday filed a notice of appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit. They said they were confident they would prevail.  “If this decision remained in effect, the impact on the November election could be devastating,” said Penda Hair of the Advancement Project civil rights organization, a lawyer for the plaintiffs.  The U.S. Justice Department, which also challenged the North Carolina law, said it was evaluating its options for moving forward. “We’re disappointed in the ruling,” the department said in a statement. The Republican chairmen of the North Carolina legislature’s elections oversight committee criticized the legal challenges as an abuse of the court system. “We are glad the court recognized the law provides all voters an equal opportunity to vote,” Representative David Lewis and Senator Bob Rucho said in a statement. Backers of the law said the voter ID provision would guard against fraud, though the plaintiffs in the case said there was little evidence of such fraud at the polls.   Schroeder found the Republican-controlled legislature did not act with discriminatory intent when it overhauled the state’s voting rules in 2013. The revisions were made soon after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that North Carolina and other states with a history of discrimination no longer needed federal approval for voting law changes affecting minorities. The judge also said the plaintiffs had not established that African Americans or Hispanics had less opportunity to participate in the political process than other people as a result of the law. ",1
9789,"NYC mayor presents $82.2 billion budget, overhauls hospitals","NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City’s Mayor Bill de Blasio announced a $82.2 billion budget plan for the 2017 fiscal year on Tuesday, and promised an overhaul of the city’s ailing public hospitals that treat large numbers of undocumented patients. De Blasio, who hails from progressive circles of the Democratic Party, took office in 2014 after winning a landslide victory on a platform to reduce inequalities in the city. “At its core, our budget is our roadmap for lifting up communities,” de Blasio said. “The strategic investments we have put to work in every neighborhood, coupled with disciplined fiscal management, are producing real results for New Yorkers.” De Blasio said the city’s public hospital system, recently rebranded as Health & Hospitals, is facing spiraling costs due to undocumented patients and would see a $1.8 billion deficit by 2020 if the city took no action. The executive budget dedicates $2 billion to overhauling the $7.5 billion system, which treats around 1.4 million people per year. About a third of its patients are undocumented immigrants and cost the system over $2 billion each year, the mayor said. Health & Hospitals core revenue from treating poorer patients on federal and state support is under pressure as more private hospitals compete for these patients. That has left the system with a larger share of undocumented patients.     The executive budget plan for the fiscal year beginning July 1 closely tracks a preliminary budget estimate of $82.1 billion the mayor presented in January. The total budget represents a small increase over the previous year’s $81.7 billion spending plan. The executive budget increases the city’s reserves by $250 million, bringing its retiree health benefits trust fund to $3.7 billion. General reserves amount to $1 billion and $500 million is allocated to the city’s capital stabilization reserve. Budget officials said reserves were the highest in the city’s history. The mayor has repeatedly stressed the need to prepare for an economic downtown in which the city would have to “go it alone” with reduced federal and state support. ",1
9790,"U.S. military can withstand the sage grouse, lawmakers say","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Efforts to protect the greater sage grouse, a bird found in the western United States, do not pose a threat to the U.S. military, two senior Democratic House of Representatives lawmakers said on Tuesday. Debate over the bird was intense a year ago when the House Armed Services Committee was finalizing its version of the National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, the $600 billion  annual bill setting out U.S. defense policy. Arguing that protecting the sage grouse would put large swaths of the western United States off limits for military training, House Republicans included a ban on making the bird an endangered species in the House version of the 2016 NDAA. The measure was stripped out as the bill was considered by the Senate and not in the legislation signed into law by President Barack Obama. But it is again in the House version of the 2017 NDAA, which the House armed services panel will debate on Wednesday. Representatives Adam Smith, the top Armed Services Democrat, and Raul Grijalva, his counterpart on the Natural Resources Committee, released letters from Department of Defense officials saying that land use plans intended to protect the bird will not affect military training, operations or readiness to any significant degree. “These letters put to bed once and for all the silly speculation that a few birds could hamstring the greatest fighting force in the history of the world,” Grijalva said in a statement. ",1
9791,U.S. justices mull propriety of recalling discharged jury to duty,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday wrestled with the question of under what circumstances judges can recall jurors to duty after they have rendered a verdict, in a case involving a man seeking damages after suffering injuries in a Montana car accident. The justices, during an hour of arguments, indicated that a gap of just a few minutes in which there is no opportunity for jurors to be exposed to any information that could prejudice their views of the case may be permissible. That would mean North Dakota man Rocky Dietz, who sued a man named Hillary Bouldin for negligence after the 2009 accident in the city of Bozeman, would lose his bid for a new trial. Bouldin ran a red light and his vehicle hit the passenger side of Dietz’s vehicle. Bouldin admitted he was responsible for the collision. The jury initially awarded Dietz nothing. But the judge recalled the jurors within minutes after they had been discharged from duty, reminding them that Bouldin’s lawyers had earlier stipulated Dietz was due at least $10,000 to cover medical expenses already incurred. The jury subsequently awarded $15,000 to Dietz. Dietz’s lawyers objected to the judge’s action to recall the jury, contending that the fact that the jurors initially had awarded him no money indicated they were not fair and impartial toward him. The justices sought clarity on the outer boundaries of what could be permissible in recalling a jury, such as the amount of time the jury was discharged or whether jurors had a chance to leave the courthouse before being recalled. Questions from justices including Chief Justice John Roberts indicated their greatest concern was to ensure jurors would not be exposed to prejudicial information after being discharged.  “Why doesn’t it make sense to say, well, if they’re right out in the hall ... bring them back in and ask, just as the judge did here, ‘Have you talked to anybody about the case?’” Roberts asked. Justice Stephen Breyer said if there are no signs of prejudice, it would be more efficient to recall the jurors rather than conduct a new trial with a different jury.  “Now, if it saves a lot of money, and that’s the only difference, why don’t we say the efficiency argument is what counts?” Breyer asked. Justice Sonia Sotomayor, a former trial judge, noted that immediately after some trials juries can be exposed to prejudicial remarks, including expressions of emotion from family members and comments from court staff. A ruling is due by the end of June. ",1
9792,U.S. top court backs New Jersey cop's political retaliation claim,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday that a former police detective can sue a New Jersey city claiming he was demoted as punishment after getting a campaign sign for his bedridden mother supporting the mayor’s rival in a 2006 local election. The court, in its 6-2 ruling, found that Jeffrey Heffernan, a now former member of Paterson’s police force, was not in fact exercising his rights to freedom of association under the U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment because he picked up the sign for his mother and not himself. But the justices decided he could sue the city for violating those rights because the boss who demoted him believed, albeit mistakenly, that Heffernan supported the mayor’s opponent. “We conclude that ... the government’s reason for demoting Heffernan is what counts here,” Justice Stephen Breyer wrote for the court. “When an employer demotes an employee out of a desire to prevent the employee from engaging in political activity that the First Amendment protects, the employee is entitled to challenge that unlawful action ... even if, as here, the employer makes a factual mistake about the employee’s behavior.” The high court reversed a 2015 ruling by the Philadelphia-based 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals dismissing Heffernan’s lawsuit on the grounds that a First Amendment retaliation claim cannot be based on an employer’s perception of a worker’s actions. The day before Heffernan was demoted, an aide to Jose Torres, Paterson’s mayor at the time who was running for re-election, saw Heffernan getting a large campaign sign backing another mayoral candidate. Heffernan said he got the sign while off-duty as a favor for his mother after her previous sign had been stolen from her front yard, and that the sign did not reflect his personal preference in the mayoral election. The next day, the police department demoted him from detective and transferred him to the traffic division’s walking squad, a move he saw as political retaliation. Justice Clarence Thomas wrote the dissenting opinion, arguing that Heffernan should not be able to sue regardless of whether his demotion was misguided or wrong because he had not been exercising his constitutional rights.    ",1
9793,House Democrats question if Valeant is withholding records,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats on a powerful U.S. congressional panel are questioning whether Canada-based Valeant Pharmaceuticals may be wrongfully withholding documents in connection with its ongoing probe into sky-rocketing drug prices, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters on Tuesday. The memo, which was sent to Democratic members of the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform from the staff of its top Democrat Elijah Cummings, reveals that Valeant previously withheld readily available analyst reports prepared by banks such as Goldman Sachs, saying they were protected by attorney-client privilege. The memo says it also raises questions about other documents that are still being withheld, saying some of these “were not drafted by attorneys and do not include communications with attorneys.” A spokeswoman for Valeant denied that the company has done anything wrong, saying it has already provided more than 78,000 pages of documents and will continue cooperating. “We continue to discuss with the committee the issue of privileged documents, but any suggestion that we have withheld documents inappropriately is incorrect,” Laurie Little said in a statement. The April 26 memo comes just one day before three of Valeant’s top executives are slated to appear before a different U.S. Senate panel that is also investigating high drug prices. The company’s outgoing CEO Michael Pearson will be testifying before the Senate Special Committee on Aging late Wednesday afternoon, along with activist investor William Ackman, a majority shareholder and board member, and Howard Schiller, a director and former chief financial officer. Their appearance before Congress comes at an awkward and difficult time for the company, which is under fire from its shareholders and facing a number of ongoing government investigations into drug pricing and distribution, accounting and disclosures, and antitrust matters. Last month, the company announced that Pearson would be stepping down and that Ackman would be joining its board, after a board committee probe into the company’s dealings with specialty pharmacy Philidor RX Services uncovered accounting problems dating back to December 2014. The company said it would restate its earnings and delay filing its annual report, opening the door to a possible default on its $30 billion debt. The company has blamed some of the accounting problems on Schiller, and asked him to step down from his board seat. Schiller has refused to do so, and has denied any wrongdoing through his attorney. Valeant plans to file its annual report on April 29, two days after the hearing. Wednesday’s hearing will be primarily focused on Valeant’s drastic price increases for two of its heart drugs. The committee previously planned to vote to hold Pearson in contempt for failing to be deposed, but backed down after he agreed to be interviewed April 18. ",1
9794,U.S. says Cubans' favorable immigration status to stay in place,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. State Department official said on Tuesday that Washington has no plans to change a Cold War-era law granting special immigration benefits to Cubans, despite President Barack Obama’s moves toward normalized relations with the island country. “There continues to be a large migration flow out of Cuba. It reflects the difficult economic and human rights conditions in the country,” Francisco Palmieri, principal deputy assistant secretary in State’s Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, told a Senate subcommittee hearing. “We have no plans to change the Cuban Adjustment Act at this time,” Palmieri said. The Cuban Adjustment Act provides Cubans with benefits granted to migrants from no other country. Once they enter the United States and ask for asylum, virtually all are granted the right to stay, can apply for work permits and, later, green cards, which convey lawful permanent residency. Some U.S. lawmakers have been demanding a fresh look at Cuban immigration policy since the surprise December 2014 announcement from Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro that the two countries would move toward ending decades of estrangement. They argue that most of the Cubans coming to the United States are coming for economic reasons and are not refugees from its Communist government. Fear of an end to their benefits has fueled a surge in departures from Cuba, many via third countries, which has left large groups of Cubans stranded in Central America.  Earlier this year, thousands were airlifted from Panama and Costa Rica to northern Mexico, where they crossed the border into the United States. Senator Marco Rubio, the subcommittee chairman, asked Palmieri about reports that Panama might be planning to send more Cuban migrants north. “We have not told them not to do their airlift,” Palmieri said. ",1
9795,House Republican leader sees Puerto Rico bill before July,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Republican leader Kevin McCarthy said on Tuesday he is “hopeful” lawmakers can move legislation on Puerto Rico out of the House before the U.S. territory must make a $1.55 billion debt payment in July. But lawmakers will not be able to address the island’s fiscal crisis before May 1, when Puerto Rico is due to make a smaller $422 million payment that Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says it cannot meet, said the California Republican, who is second only to Speaker Paul Ryan in the legislative chamber. Puerto Rico faces $70 billion in total debt, a 45 percent poverty rate and a shrinking population, all of which threaten to cause its economy to collapse. “The May date, I don’t see how we can get it done,” McCarthy told reporters.  Congressional efforts to craft legislation to address the crisis have hit a series of roadblocks that McCarthy said he believes lawmakers could surmount before July 1, when Puerto Rico is scheduled to make the $1.55 billion debt payment.          “I’m hopeful that we’d have it out of the House by then,” the Republican leader said.  McCarthy said the House has not produced legislation until now because lawmakers are waiting for the U.S. Treasury Department to complete negotiations with island authorities. Democrats reject the claim, however, saying Republicans are unable to move forward because of internal divisions encouraged by outside groups that have sought to characterize the legislative effort as a taxpayer “bailout” despite repeated denials from the House Republican leadership. “It’s our No. 1 principle that we’re going to protect the taxpayers and will not do a bailout,” McCarthy said on Tuesday.   “As soon as we can get Treasury to get done with what they’re working on, I think that will put us on a faster path,” he added. ",1
9796,Battle over N.C. transgender law intensifies as lawmakers reconvene,"RALEIGH, N.C. (Reuters) - Thousands of people flocked to North Carolina’s capital on Monday to show both support and disdain for a law that has thrust the state into the international spotlight over its restrictions on transgender bathroom access and gay rights. Lawmakers returned to Raleigh to begin a short session  designed to address the state budget. But controversy over the new law, which has drawn reaction from U.S. presidential candidates, U.S. President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron among others, is expected to dominate. The measure puts the state at the center of a debate over equality, privacy and religious freedom as states propose legislation seen as discriminatory against gay and transgender people in the wake of a U.S. Supreme Court last year ruling that legalized same-sex marriage. North Carolina became the first U.S. state to require transgender people to use restrooms in public buildings and schools that match the sex on their birth certificate rather than their gender identity.  Fifty-four people were arrested at the Legislative Building as they protested against the law on Monday, General Assembly police Officer Scott Cameron said. “Our state is a state of crisis,” Chris Sgro, executive director of the Equality North Carolina advocacy group, said earlier in the day before activists delivered petitions to Republican Governor Pat McCrory’s office demanding the law’s repeal. A group of Democratic representatives filed a bill seeking a repeal. But leading Republican lawmakers in the state have shown little willingness to back down, and they were greeted at a rally on Monday by thousands of people who came on church buses and held signs thanking them for the measure. Business leaders, entertainers and politicians including Obama and Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump have come out against the law. Opponents contend it demonizes transgender people and limits government protections against discrimination for gays and lesbians.  Supporters including social conservatives and Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz say it is needed to protect women and children from sexual predators in bathrooms. On Monday, singers Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas joined a growing list of entertainers who have canceled shows in the state. Lovato wrote on Twitter that she and Jonas were protesting “this hateful law.” As part of the backlash, companies and associations have relocated conventions and halted job-creating investment projects initially slated for North Carolina.  Republican State Representative Paul Stam criticized companies, including PayPal Holdings (PYPL.O), that have pulled jobs out of North Carolina over the measure. “They have offices in countries where homosexuals are executed,” he said. “The hypocrisy of those who oppose this bill is amazing.” ",1
9797,Exclusive: U.S. agencies split over fingerprinting parents of child immigrants,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. immigration enforcement officers are proposing that fingerprints be taken from all people claiming custody of children who have entered the United States illegally without an adult relative, a measure that opponents said could keep thousands of families apart. As a new wave of unaccompanied Central American children pours across the U.S.-Mexico border, the proposal underscores the sometimes conflicting goals of federal agencies in dealing with undocumented immigrants, a volatile issue on the presidential campaign trail. Officials at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), which is ultimately responsible for finding housing for migrant children, told Reuters they have no plans to change fingerprinting policy. They said the proposal — made by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials in an internal memo seen by Reuters — would delay family reunions and infringe upon the parent-child relationship. “One of our goals is to place children with an appropriate sponsor as promptly as we can safely do so. And so any delay for placing the child with their parent is time that we’re keeping a parent and child separated,” said Bobbie Gregg, deputy director for children’s services at HHS’s office of refugee resettlement. The memo by ICE officials, drafted in response to a February Senate hearing, proposes expanding fingerprinting, now limited to non-parents, to include parents. ICE says that would allow fingerprints to be checked against an FBI database of criminals to verify the identities of people who say they are parents while ensuring that children do not go to parents who have criminal histories. The proposal is preliminary and could change. It was unclear whether it would ultimately win the backing of the White House. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) — which oversees ICE — and the Justice Department advise HHS on its practices and have a role in enforcing overall immigration policy. The White House declined to comment on the proposal. Asked about the documents that describe the fingerprinting proposal, a Homeland Security spokeswoman said the agency does not discuss internal deliberations. Neither ICE nor HHS would comment on whether they have had discussions on the proposal. From January 2014 to April 2015, more than 31,000 parents claimed children who entered the United States from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, according to a study by the Government Accountability Office (GAO), a congressional watchdog unit. They made up 60 percent of those who claimed children, with most of the rest claimed by other relatives. Only 161 non-relative sponsors claimed children. U.S. authorities are required to find housing for illegal immigrant minors while they await a trial to determine whether they will be deported, a process that can take years. Under current law, people who appear at child migrant holding facilities saying they are parents must show the child’s birth certificate to prove the relationship. If that is not available, the parent and child must undergo a DNA test. Immigration advocates say the ICE proposal would discourage parents from sending for their children and claiming them, fearing that ICE would use fingerprinting to trace undocumented immigrants for possible deportation. “It could keep parents away from their children if they think it is going to land them in a lock-up somewhere,” said David Leopold, a Cleveland lawyer who formerly headed the American Immigration Lawyers Association. The ICE officials also said in the memo that the agency supports expanding immigration-status checks to all sponsors, including parents. ICE acknowledged that conducting immigration checks on parents claiming children could “reduce the likelihood that sponsors would come forward to take custody of children.” Illegal entry into the United States by unaccompanied minors has surged in recent years. Most are Central American children who make the dangerous journey across Mexico and the U.S. border without their parents, fleeing poverty and violence. In the six months through March 2016, almost 28,000 unaccompanied children were apprehended crossing into the United States, close to the record-high number hit in the same period in 2014. (Graphic on unaccompanied minor crossings and relationships to sponsors: tmsnrt.rs/1NmGQQI) An investigation by the Associated Press in January found that HHS had placed some migrant children in homes where they were sexually assaulted, starved or forced into labor for no pay. None of the known abusers had claimed to be parents. A Senate panel in February asked authorities to improve screening of adults claiming custody of child migrants.  The document from ICE is a draft of answers to questions Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley submitted for the record following the hearing. After the AP investigation, HHS said it began doing 30-day follow-up checks on households to which it had assigned a child, while also giving an emergency hotline phone number to all children before they are discharged from HHS custody But ICE’s response to Grassley said HHS should go a step further, noting that many state and local child protective service agencies routinely fingerprint parents who reclaim children after periods of separation. ",1
9798,Federal judge upholds voter ID law in North Carolina,"WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - A federal judge upheld a North Carolina law on Monday that requires voters to show certain forms of photo identification at the polls, in a key victory for Republicans in a presidential election year who say the law is needed to prevent fraud. The case tested a central piece of broad voting restrictions passed after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2013 that North Carolina and other states with a history of discrimination no longer needed federal approval for voting law changes affecting minorities. In siding with Republican Governor Pat McCrory and other state officials in dismissing challenges to the law, U.S. District Judge Thomas Schroeder in Winston-Salem wrote in a 485-page ruling that North Carolina “has provided legitimate state interests for its voter-ID requirement and electoral system.”  “In sum, plaintiffs have failed to show that any North Carolinian who wishes to vote faces anything other than the ‘usual burdens of voting,’” Schroeder wrote. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and individual voters backed by the U.S. Justice Department had argued that the law disproportionately burdened African-Americans and Hispanics, who are more likely than whites to lack the acceptable forms of identification. Democrats argue voter ID laws passed by Republican-led state legislatures target voters who typically support the Democratic party. Proponents of the measures say they are intended to prevent voter fraud. The trial in Winston-Salem was one of a number of closely watched voting rights battles across the country playing out as Democrats and Republicans fight for the White House in November. Governor McCrory, locked in a tough race for re-election this year, said in a statement: “This ruling further affirms that requiring a photo ID in order to vote is not only common-sense, it’s constitutional.” The North Carolina law requires voters to show approved credentials such as a driver’s license or passport before casting a ballot. Voters who cite a “reasonable impediment” to obtaining such identification are allowed to cast a provisional ballot.  Schroeder also upheld provisions that eliminated a week of early voting, same-day registration, and prohibited the counting of out-of-precinct ballots. Schroeder said that the plaintiffs did not establish that blacks or Hispanics had less opportunity than others to participate in the electoral process, and pointed out that North Carolina joins only South Carolina in extending voters the “reasonable impediment” accommodation. Opponents of the law said they would pursue an appeal.  William Barber, president of the North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP, called the “restrictive provisions” in the law “an affront to democracy” and vowed to continue the fight against “regressive and discriminatory voter suppression tactics.”     ",1
9799,"On Election Eve for five states, Trump rips Cruz and Kasich","WEST CHESTER, Pa. (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump, on the eve of primary elections in five states that he is expected to sweep, launched blistering attacks on Monday on rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich for their 11th-hour joint effort aimed at denying him the party’s presidential nomination. The Cruz-Kasich agreement, which some stop-Trump Republican strategists say should have been undertaken weeks ago, was forged to try and keep Trump from securing the 1,237 delegates he needs to win the nomination outright and force Republicans to consider the two rivals at the party’s national convention in Cleveland in July. Kasich, the Ohio governor, and Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, agreed not to compete against each other in three upcoming nominating contests that could prove to be pivotal: Indiana, Oregon and New Mexico. Trump, speaking at Pennsylvania’s West Chester University, near Philadelphia, dismissed the deal as a sign of desperation and predicted he still would win the nomination on the convention’s first ballot. With dramatic flair, he compared his plight to a champion boxer whom Trump said he once warned not to go into unfriendly territory because the judges could rule against him. The boxer, Trump said, replied: “If I knock him out there’s not a damn thing the judges can do.” Trump is expected to win all five of Tuesday’s nominating contests in the northeastern states of Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Delaware and Maryland, which have a total of 172 delegates at stake. Trump is already ahead in the delegate race with 845, followed by Cruz with 559 and Kasich with 147, according to the Associated Press. After Tuesday, Indiana, which votes on May 3, will be the next big battleground, with 57 delegates up for grabs. The Kasich-Cruz deal already showed signs of bending on Monday, with Kasich telling voters in Philadelphia that people who want to vote for him in Indiana should still do so. “I’ve never told them not to vote for me, they ought to vote for me. But I’m not over there campaigning and spending resources,” he said. Cruz took steps to maintain he is a serious contender for the nomination with his campaign team announcing he has developed a short list of vice presidential running mates. Traditionally, candidates wait until they have secured the nomination to select a running mate. One person being vetted for the No. 2 position is former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina, an aide to Fiorina said. Fiorina, a businesswoman, endorsed Cruz when she dropped out of the race. Showing no sign of trying to unify Republicans around him with a more serious demeanor, Trump ripped Kasich for refusing to get out of the race and even criticized his eating habits. “This is just a guy who’s a stubborn guy, who eats like a slob and shouldn’t have press conferences while he’s stuffing stuff down his throat,” Trump said. On Cruz, Trump said he has done a “lousy job” in the Senate and has shown that he “cannot build consensus.” Trump agreed to an May 17 interview with Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly, whose questioning of him at a debate last August angered Trump and led him to criticize her for months. Cruz said the deal with Kasich was aimed at preventing a Trump nomination that he argues would assure victory for Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 presidential election. The Cruz-Kasich agreement is unique in modern presidential politics and signaled panic after Trump’s sweeping victory in last week’s New York primary, said Larry Sabato, director of the University of Virginia’s Center for Politics. “They know he’s going to have a great night tomorrow,” Sabato said. “If things are not shaken up, Trump’s going to be the nominee. They have to do something big to shake things up. They’re hoping that this is it.” But Cruz said Trump was the desperate one because he knows he has a difficult path to win the party’s nomination. “I don’t doubt that Donald Trump is going to scream and yell and curse and insult and probably cry and whine some as well,” Cruz said in Indiana. “That has been Donald’s pattern.” Trump has dominated the nominating contests so far but still faces a tough path to earn the delegates needed to lock up the nomination before the convention. If no candidate has enough delegate support on the first vote at the national convention, many delegates can switch to another candidate on subsequent ballots. ",1
9800,Sexual abuse accuser sues ex-House Speaker Hastert for $1.8 million   ,"(Reuters) - A man who accused former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert of sexual abuse filed a lawsuit on Monday claiming the once powerful conservative politician owes him $1.8 million as a part of an agreement between them to compensate him for decades of pain and suffering. The plaintiff, identified as James Doe, filed the lawsuit in Kendall County Circuit Court in northeastern Illinois, claiming Hastert owes him the unpaid portion of a $3.5 million deal they verbally agreed to in 2008. Doe said he was 14 when he was molested by Hastert, a trusted family friend, high school teacher and “beloved coach” of the state champion wrestling team in the town of Yorkville, Illinois. Hastert, 74, pleaded guilty in October to a federal charge in Chicago federal court of “structuring” for evading bank reporting rules by withdrawing large amounts of cash in small increments. He was taking out the funds to make payments to a man identified in court documents by federal prosecutors as Individual A. Hastert is scheduled to be sentenced on Wednesday for the financial crime, and faces up to five years in prison although prosecutors have recommended a maximum of six months. Another Hastert accuser known as Individual D, and the sister of another accuser, who is deceased, are expected to testify at the sentencing hearing. Hastert’s attorney, Thomas Green, had no comment on the lawsuit, a spokeswoman said in an email. Court documents in Hastert’s trial revealed that he was accused of abusing five boys in the 1960s and 1970s, decades before he became one of the country’s most powerful politicians. Doe’s lawsuit claims Hastert sexually molested and abused him in a motel room while they were on a trip to a wrestling camp. “For many years to follow, Plaintiff (Doe) suffered severe panic attacks which lead to periods of unemployment, career changes, bouts of depression, hospitalization, and psychiatric long-term treatment,” the lawsuit said. Hastert admitted in his plea deal that he paid $1.7 million in cash, from June 2010 to December 2014, to someone he had known for decades to compensate for past misconduct. Doe said in his lawsuit that he confronted Hastert in 2008 after learning that Hastert had sexually abused another person. Doe suggested $3.5 million when Hastert asked him how much would compensate him. Hastert agreed to pay the amount and asked for Doe to keep the agreement quiet, the lawsuit said. ",1
9801,Cruz campaign vetting Fiorina as a possible VP pick: ABC News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz’s campaign is vetting former business executive Carly Fiorina as a possible vice presidential pick, ABC News said on Friday. Earlier, Cruz’s campaign said it had narrowed its running mate options to a short list. Fiorina, a former CEO of Hewlett Packard, dropped out of the presidential race in February. ",1
9802,Chief justice calls U.S. patent challenge process bizarre,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Chief Justice John Roberts on Monday described as bizarre the legal process used by companies to challenge competitors’ patents as the Supreme Court heard a case involving a vehicle speedometer that alerts drivers if they are driving too quickly. The eight justices heard an appeal filed by Cuozzo Speed Technologies LLC, whose speedometer patent was invalidated in a U.S. Patent and Trademark Office review board procedure after being challenged by GPS device maker Garmin Ltd in 2012. The issue before the justices during a one-hour argument in the case was whether the U.S. government has made it too easy for companies to pursue challenges to the patents of other companies.  New Jersey-based Cuozzo challenged the board’s action in federal court, and an appeals court last year upheld the agency’s action. Cuozzo then asked the Supreme Court to reverse the appellate decision. Garmin is no longer involved in the case. Roberts was the most outspoken critic among the eight justices of the current system in which companies can adopt a dual-track strategy by challenging patents simultaneously in federal court and through the agency review board. Roberts described the system as a “bizarre way to ... decide a legal question” and a “very extraordinary animal in legal culture to have two different proceedings addressing the same question.” Justice Stephen Breyer appeared more sympathetic to the patent office. He said the 2011 law that set up the review board procedure may have intended to counter criticism that the patent office issues “too many patents that shouldn’t have been issued in the first place.” So-called patent trolls, entities that hold patents only for the purpose of suing firms seeking to develop new products, have benefited from that generosity. Breyer indicated that the patent office views the law as allowing a second bite at the question of whether a patent should have been issued. Breyer called it a “partial-Groundhog Day statute,” referring to the 1993 film “Groundhog Day” in which Bill Murray’s character repeatedly re-lives the same day. Companies that are frequent targets of patent suits, including Apple Inc and Google Inc, have turned to the patent office procedure, known as “inter partes review” (IPR), to try to fight off patent challenges. Google and Apple joined court papers backing the patent office. Cuozzo told the justices that in nearly 85 percent of cases some or all of the patents challenged were canceled. A ruling is due by the end of June. ",1
9803,Sentencing reform could help U.S. economy: White House panel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Overcrowded prisons strain state budgets, take people out of the work force and pull families apart more than they reduce crime or boost the U.S. economy, said an Obama administration study discussed on Monday by experts at the White House. The study, undertaken as part of President Barack Obama’s efforts to reform the criminal justice system before he leaves office, was conducted by the White House Council of Economic Advisers and focused on the costs of sentencing and incarceration policies. Despite falling crime rates, U.S. prison populations have soared in recent decades as a result of harsher federal and state-level sentencing policies, such as “three strikes” rules under which offenders much be imprisoned on their third conviction.  Both conservative and liberal panelists discussing the report on Monday agreed that lighter sentences for non-violent offenders and lower barriers to job opportunities after prison would address the economic problems described in the report. “This isn’t really about the money. This is about the lives that we’re throwing away,” said Arthur Brooks, president of the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank that co-hosted the event with the liberal Brennan Center for Justice of New York University. Obama’s push for criminal justice reform has support from both ends of the political spectrum, with bipartisan legislation pending in Congress that would reduce mandatory minimum sentences for some low-level federal drug crimes. Those proposed reforms are backed by a Brennan Center-affiliated coalition of local law enforcement officers around the country, who agree that the default response to non-violent crimes should not be prison time, said the center’s director of justice programs, Inimai Chettiar.  Panelists said the study showed that some existing criminal justice policies are counter-productive. In the arena, “far too little of what we do actually makes sense or is backed by specific evidence,” said Peter Orszag, who led the Congressional Budget Office in 2007 and 2008. There are 2.2 million Americans behind bars, a prison rate that is more than four times the world average. The Justice Department said on Monday it will expand federal programs that ensure ex-prisoners have the skills needed to find work, and that they also have access to housing, education and financial credit after release.  Every federal inmate should get an individualized re-entry plan “tailored to his or her risk of recidivism and ... needs,” said a Justice Department press release.  U.S. Attorneys and the Bureau of Prisons are hosting more than 570 events nationwide this week on re-entry initiatives. ",1
9804,Boston mayor says not subject of federal probe into labor unions,"BOSTON (Reuters) - Boston Mayor Martin Walsh, a former labor leader, said on Monday that federal agents had not contacted him in connection with what local media has described as a wide-ranging investigation into whether the city’s building unions used strong-arm tactics. The Boston Globe reported over the weekend, citing unnamed sources, that Walsh had been implicated in a federal investigation into whether city union officials threatened developers who hired nonunion workers on projects in and around the city. “I haven’t been contacted myself,” Walsh told reporters on Monday.  A Democrat, Walsh is a former construction worker who led the city’s Building and Construction Trades Council, a union grouping, for two years before his 2013 mayoral election victory. Walsh, who served as a state representative from 1997 through 2013, went on to say that even if there were an investigation into his former union, he was not concerned. “If there is an investigation, I’m assuming at some point there’ll be indictments coming down. If that’s the case, I will not be getting one of those,” Walsh said. “Because I did nothing wrong.” A spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Boston could not be reached for immediate comment.  ",1
9805,"Republicans Cruz, Kasich reach 'stop-Trump' deal","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican White House rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich announced a deal on Sunday to stay out of each other’s way in some upcoming state primaries in hopes of blocking front-runner Donald Trump from winning the party’s presidential nomination. Cruz’s campaign said in a statement he would focus on the Indiana and give Kasich a clearer shot in Oregon and New Mexico, states where the Ohio governor expects to do well. Kasich, in turn, agreed to shift resources west and away from Indiana. The Indiana primary is on May 3, Oregon’s is May 17 and New Mexico’s June 7. Trump has won the most state nominating contests, but he has a tough path to earn the 1,237 delegates needed to secure the nomination. The Cruz and Kasich campaigns believe their agreement to cede states where the other candidate appears strong could help limit Trump’s ability to win more delegates. Some Republican strategists who oppose Trump have been calling for such a deal for weeks. The question for Cruz and Kasich is whether their agreement is too late. If no candidate has enough support by the first vote at the Republican National Convention in July, many delegates will be allowed to switch sides on subsequent ballots.  Cruz campaign manager Jeff Roe said Trump, who has offended women, Hispanics and other groups with controversial statements, would lose a general election contest against the eventual Democratic nominee in the Nov. 8 election. “Our goal is to have an open convention in Cleveland, where we are confident a candidate capable of uniting the party and winning in November will emerge as the nominee,” Kasich chief strategist John Weaver said in a statement. Late Sunday, Trump tweeted his reaction to the deal: “Wow, just announced that Lyin’ Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!” Trump has frequently complained that the Republican Party’s nominating process is “rigged” against him because establishment party members oppose him. Party officials argue that the delegate selection rules have been known for some time.  The stop-Trump group #NeverTrump welcomed news of the pact. “Whether you support Ted Cruz or John Kasich, a second ballot at the Convention is imperative to stopping Donald Trump. We’re happy to see the Kasich and Cruz campaigns strategically using their resources to deny Donald Trump delegates where they are in the strongest position to do so,” said the group’s senior adviser, Rory Cooper. ",1
9806,Billionaire green donor launches U.S. millennial voter drive,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Billionaire environmental activist Tom Steyer’s super PAC launched a $25 million youth voter drive on Monday in seven political battleground states to help elect candidates that champion climate change policies in November’s general election.  Steyer’s NextGen Climate super PAC, a political group that raises funds to boost candidates with strong environmental platforms, said the campaign aims to boost turnout of millennials, who have become one of the largest potential voter groups. In the lead-up to the November general election, NextGen will deploy hundreds of organizers across over 200 colleges to register young voters and facilitate on-campus voting. “We are determined that they will be a difference maker,” Steyer told reporters on a conference call. The group is targeting seven battleground states where Steyer said millennial voters could “make up the difference in a tight race.” Those states are Pennsylvania, Iowa, Ohio, New Hampshire, Nevada, Illinois and Colorado. Steyer has been the second largest individual political donor in 2016, having spent $13 million so far this year, according to OpenSecrets.org. NextGen said the number of registered millennials has nearly tripled since 2008 from 17.2 million to 50.3 million, making the demographic a key political force in 2016.  Climate change and clean energy is an area where there is widespread millennial interest.  NextGen cited a June 2015 poll that found that 73 percent of young voters want the United States to get 50 percent of its energy from renewable sources by 2030. The group has not yet announced which candidates it will endorse in the presidential or congressional races but said it has challenged all candidates to say how they would achieve a goal of hitting a 50 percent clean energy target by 2030. He said the air and water impacts of fracking, a controversial drilling technique that has been responsible for a boom in U.S. oil and natural gas production over the past decade, shows the U.S. needs to make a faster transition away from fossil fuels. Steyer said NextGen will spend around $25 million on the months-long campaign and will launch several other initiatives later in the election cycle.  Steyer’s PAC in 2014 aimed to make climate change into a wedge issue in the 2014 midterm elections, spending over $70 million with mixed results.  But with millennial voters turning out in record numbers in the 2016 primaries, Steyer sees a formula for success. “We need to make sure to carry on that momentum until November,” he said. ",1
9807,Illinois governor signs higher education stopgap funding bill,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner on Monday signed into law a bill to send $600 million to cash-starved state universities and community colleges, calling the measure “a first step toward compromise between Democrats and Republicans.”   An impasse between the Republican governor and Democrats who control the legislature has left Illinois without a budget 10 months into fiscal 2016. In bipartisan votes in the House and Senate on Friday, lawmakers approved $600 million, or 34 percent, of the $1.7 billion Democrats had earmarked for higher education spending for the whole fiscal year, which began July 1. “Now is the time to build on this bipartisan momentum and focus on enacting a truly balanced budget for fiscal years 2016-2017 alongside meaningful reforms that create jobs and free up resources for education, social services and infrastructure,” Rauner said in a statement. Illinois Comptroller Leslie Munger said on Friday that her office would immediately start processing payments for the universities, colleges and for college student grants funded by the legislation. ",1
9808,"Obama, Merkel push for trade deal as foreign crises weigh","HANOVER, Germany (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Sunday he would do whatever he could to advance a controversial trade deal with the European Union in his last eight months in office, but warned that time was running short. Obama has pushed to complete two trade agreements before his term ends on Jan. 20 - with Pacific nations and with the EU - but has run into a growing swell of populist concerns about the impact on jobs, consumer protections and the environment. “Time is not on our side,” he conceded to business leaders at the Hanover Messe, a massive industrial trade fair. “If we don’t complete negotiations this year, then upcoming political transitions in the United States and Europe would mean this agreement won’t be finished for quite some time.” Obama is in Germany to promote the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, but the issue was overshadowed by discussions on the crises in Syria, Ukraine and Libya when the two leaders met. On Monday, they are set to hold talks with British Prime Minister David Cameron, French President Francois Hollande and Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi on some of the same issues. But first, they had dinner in a 17th century palace with chief executives of some of the largest U.S. and German companies such as Microsoft, Dow, Lockheed Martin, Honeywell, BASF, Bayer and Siemens. Also at the dinner was Matthias Müller, CEO of Volkswagen, whose company has admitted to cheating diesel emissions tests in the United States, a scandal that involves 11 million vehicles worldwide. Obama normally does not sit through lengthy opening ceremonies. But in a sign of the political capital he is spending on trade - and his affection for Merkel - he took a front row seat for an unusual interpretative dance performance featuring robots, futuristic music and acrobatic break-dancing. The day before Obama arrived, thousands of protesters holding placards with slogans like “Stop TTIP” marched to express their opposition to the deal, and his motorcade whizzed past a few more as he drove through the north German city. Obama acknowledged his message about the benefits of trade has not broken though. “The benefits oftentimes are diffuse, whereas a particular plant or business that feels it’s been hurt by outside competition feels it very acutely,” he told reporters. Obama said he hoped the deal, which supporters say could boost economies on each side of the Atlantic by $100 billion, would be agreed this year. But final ratification will take more time. The Trans Pacific Partnership is first in the queue for the U.S. Congress, which is not clamoring to hold a final vote. Obama said that could change after the Democratic and Republican parties make their final selections of candidates this summer. “When we’re in the heat of campaigns, people naturally are going to worry more about what’s lost than what’s gained with respect to trade agreements,” he said. Germany is the last stop on a six-day foreign tour where Obama has sought to shore up U.S. alliances he views as important not only for the economy but also to defeat Islamic State militants and counter Russian intervention in Syria and Ukraine. “Strong growth in Europe is particularly important given the array of pressing challenges - whether it’s security, defense, migration or refugees,” Obama said. Obama came to Germany from London where he urged Britons to vote to stay in the European Union in a closely-watched June referendum or face being at “the back of the queue” as a non-EU member hoping for a new trade deal with the U.S. Earlier in the week, he met with Gulf leaders in Riyadh to try to allay fears that Washington had become less committed to their security, especially after the nuclear deal with Iran, the regional rival of Saudi Arabia. Obama said he was “deeply concerned” about a surge in violence in Syria, where government forces have stepped up bombing of rebel-held areas around the strategic city of Aleppo. Merkel urged the parties participating in troubled peace talks in Geneva to agree to humanitarian zones where fleeing Syrians could feel safe from bombardment. She and Obama made clear that they did not favor the creation of classic “safe zones” which would need to be protected by foreign forces. Both leaders expressed concerns about ceasefire violations in eastern Ukraine and said sanctions imposed against Russia following its 2014 intervention there, could not be eased if the situation on the ground did not improve. Ties between Washington and Berlin reached a low point three years ago following revelations of widespread surveillance of German citizens, including the bugging of Merkel’s mobile phone, by the U.S. National Security Agency. But in recent years, the two Cold War allies have patched things up. Obama praised Merkel for her “steady leadership” and handling of Europe’s refugee crisis, saying her decision last year to welcome hundreds of thousands of migrants to Germany had put her “on the right side of history”. He joked that Merkel, who lacks his easy-going charm, had a “really good sense of humor” even if it wasn’t always on public display, drawing chuckles from the 61-year-old chancellor. Merkel refused to be drawn when asked whether she was concerned that she might soon have to work with Donald Trump, the leading Republican candidate for president, who has labeled her refugee policies “insane”. She said only that she was watching the American election campaign “with interest”. ",1
9809,"Driven up the wall by Trump, Mexico looks to recast image in U.S.","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - At first, Mexico’s government did its best to ignore Donald Trump. Then it likened him to Adolf Hitler. Now it has appointed a new ambassador to come up with a better plan. Fed up with the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination labeling Mexico as a cradle of drug-runners, job poachers and rapists, the government is sending in respected diplomat Carlos Sada to lead a fightback. Mexico’s new ambassador in Washington, Sada acknowledges his country has neglected its image across the border and aims to fix that with PR and media campaigns, and by lobbying prominent U.S. companies, lawmakers and civic leaders. “We need to do a more thorough job so that people understand what (Mexico) contributes,” he said after he was sworn in at Mexico’s Senate on Thursday. Sada’s strategy includes underscoring Mexico’s importance to the U.S. economy, although it centers on defending the rights of Mexican citizens in the United States and promoting Mexican culture. That focus has fed doubts over whether the government is trying hard enough to win over its most important audience: American voters. “It’s vital to improve Mexico’s image and protect our people, but that’s not enough to change the hateful trend that Trump and other xenophobes before him have stirred up,” said Gabriela Cuevas, an opposition lawmaker who chairs the Senate’s foreign relations committee. “They don’t understand the extent of the damage Trump has done,” she said, urging the government to be more aggressive in mobilizing powerful U.S. interests against Trump’s attacks. Claiming Mexico is “killing” the United States on trade, Trump has threatened to disrupt bilateral commerce worth some $500 billion a year, and promises to deport millions of undocumented migrants from Mexico and Central America. To finance a border wall to keep migrants out, he has controversially proposed blocking billions of dollars in remittances sent home by Mexicans in the United States. The measures would pose a serious threat to Mexico’s economy, but for months Mexico’s government disregarded Trump, hoping his candidacy would fizzle out. “It’s the ostrich policy: head in the sand,” said Agustin Barrios Gomez, the head of Fundacion Imagen Mexico, a group dedicated to promoting Mexico’s image abroad. Mexican officials say U.S. politicians and officials urged it to keep a low profile to avoid aggravating tensions, and played down the real estate magnate’s chances. “The Republicans told us, ‘We’ll deal with Trump’,” one senior Mexican government official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. When Mexico eventually did respond, President Enrique Pena Nieto compared the brash billionaire’ s campaign to the rise of Hitler and Benito Mussolini. Mexican officials wince with embarrassment when reminded of the comment, arguing it was tactless and went too far. As Trump railed against Mexico, the government should have made a concerted effort to remind key players in the United States that the two nations’ economic interests are closely intertwined, diplomats and business leaders say. But over a dozen serving and former senior Mexican officials and lawmakers consulted by Reuters said it did not. “They haven’t so far, but I do see the intention to do it again,” said Jaime Serra, a former trade minister who headed Mexico’s negotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with the United States and Canada in the early 1990s.  Trump has not been the only one to criticize Mexico. His Republican rival Ted Cruz also supports a border wall, and backs mass deportations of illegal immigrants. Democratic hopeful Bernie Sanders has, like Trump, taken a protectionist line on jobs and says NAFTA was a mistake.  Mexico’s cause was not helped by Pena Nieto leaving his diplomatic mission in Washington without an ambassador for six months just as Trump was warming up. And his eventual choice surprised many: Miguel Basanez, an old friend who had never worked in the diplomatic service. “It was a bad decision from the start,” said a senior lawmaker inside Pena Nieto’s ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI. “They didn’t grasp the size of the problem.” Basanez was cast aside this month, just seven months into the job.  For Basanez and now Sada, the task of promoting Mexico in the United States is complicated by problems at home. Mexico’s reputation has been hurt by relentless drugs violence, conflict-of-interest scandals in government and the apparent massacre of 43 trainee teachers by a drug cartel working with local police. “To change the image, you have to change the reality,” said Andres Rozental, a former deputy foreign minister responsible for North America. “Unfortunately, Mexico’s internal reality at this point in time has a lot of negatives.” ",1
9810,Obama takes on role of America's pitchman at German trade show,"HANOVER, Germany (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama slipped on on a pair of virtual reality glasses bedecked with plastic googly eyes and mused about someday using the technology to talk with his daughter after she leaves home for college. The display was but one of many stops on a two-hour tour of Hanover Messe, the world’s largest trade show of industrial technology, and a tour de force of economic diplomacy by Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. “It’s a brave new world,” Obama said, doffing the glasses, and moving on to the next elaborate booth. Obama often tours American businesses and factories - and often spends time with world leaders - but the marathon tour with Merkel was a sign of how much the leaders want to conclude talks on an EU-U.S. trade deal before Obama’s presidency ends on Jan. 20. “This is another chance for me to tell everyone to come here and buy ‘Made in America,’” Obama said. The high-profile visit was a way to promote the benefits of trade for the economy, said Michael Froman, the U.S. Trade representative, who is negotiating the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP). “It helps underscore you can’t build walls around the U.S.,” Froman said in an interview. Merkel personally invited Obama to feature U.S. businesses at the trade fair and almost 400 U.S. businesses were represented. At times, the tour resembled a protracted television infomercial with the leaders gripping hand-held microphones to ask exhibitors about their products. A herd of photographers galloped from station to station to keep up. “Chancellor Merkel is a scientist so she can figure this out very quickly,” Obama said as they examined the Gekko Gripper, a modest silver device able to grab hold of space debris. “It reminds me of Spiderman,” Obama said. “Does it have any earthbound application?” At the Siemens booth, Chief Executive Joe Kaeser presented Obama with a pair of golf clubs designed using the company’s software, a nod to the president’s favorite weekend pastime. “I’m going to teach Angela how to play,” Obama said before posing for a photo. Several stops featured 3-D printers. Obama joked he might soon buy one and start designing things. “When I get out of office, I’m going to have a lot of time on my hands,” he said. ",1
9811,Toned-down Trump does not mean retreat from policy: aide,"(Reuters) - A promise that U.S. Republican front-runner Donald Trump will adopt a more presidential campaign style does not signal a retreat from core policies such as his pledge to build a wall on the Mexican border, his top adviser said on Sunday. Senior Trump aide Paul Manafort dismissed rival Republican candidate Ted Cruz’s accusation that the real estate mogul had lied about his policies on immigration to “fool gullible voters.” The tussle over Trump’s style and substance preceded Tuesday’s Republican and Democratic nominating contests in Pennsylvania and four other Northeastern U.S. states: the next chapter in 2016’s drawn-out selection of the candidates for November’s presidential election. Cruz seized on Manafort’s comments at a closed-door meeting of top Republican officials in Florida on Thursday that Trump, 69, would temper the image he has projected so far, saying the “part that he’s been playing is now evolving.” “I never said Trump wasn’t going to build a wall. I never said Trump was going to change any of his positions,” Manafort said on “Fox News Sunday.” The adviser said Cruz, a 45-year-old U.S. senator from Texas who is Trump’s closest rival, was trying to distract voters from his own difficult path to the nomination. Ohio Governor John Kasich, 63, is also vying to be the Republican candidate. But, despite Manafort’s promise of a more restrained tone, Trump has continued to employ insulting nicknames at rallies, on Saturday referring to Cruz as “Lyin’ Ted.” The billionaire New Yorker has alarmed some senior party figures with unflattering descriptions of Mexicans, a pledge to immediately deport millions of illegal immigrants and a proposed temporary ban on Muslims entering the country, among other things. The rhetoric has drawn protesters to Trump rallies, sometimes culminating in scuffles. On Sunday, the Connecticut State Police arrested a 20-year-old man, saying he had posted a threat on Twitter to bomb an upcoming Trump rally. On Tuesday - one week after Trump’s crushing win in New York’s primary election - Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island will hold their primaries.  Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton’s campaign says the former secretary of state now has an essentially insurmountable lead over rival Bernie Sanders. The 74-year-old U.S. senator from Vermont has no plans to drop out of the race, according to his staff, who are counting on defying pollsters with some surprise wins on Tuesday. Trump is working to accrue the 1,237 delegates to the July 18-21 Republican National Convention needed to win the nomination outright. That would avert a contested convention, in which Cruz, Kasich or a dark-horse establishment figure could win the nomination on a second or subsequent ballot. Manafort predicted Trump would win the nomination on the first ballot at the Cleveland convention. Trump already has at least 844 delegates committed to him, according to the Associated Press. Cruz has 543 and Kasich has 148. In the five Northeastern states, 118 delegates will be at stake. Pennsylvania will also choose 54 delegates not bound to any candidate.  Trump has won more states overall than Cruz has, but the Texan has tried to keep Trump from winning the needed delegates by using selection rules that vary by state. In Colorado, for example, delegates were picked without a popular vote. “He’s trying to say the process doesn’t matter. He’s trying to say voting doesn’t matter,” Manafort said of Cruz on Sunday. “He’s trying to say all that matters is to destroy the party and see who can pick up the pieces on a second, third or fourth ballot. “We’re not going to let that happen,” Manafort said.  State nominating contests continue through June. Also on Sunday, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus played down conservative billionaire Charles Koch’s comment that “it’s possible” Clinton, 68, would make a better president than the Republicans in the race. “Charles, in the past, has gone out of his way to make the case for him being a little bit less partisan than people would expect,” Priebus said on ABC.  “It’s going to come down to four to eight more years of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton or a different direction,” Priebus said. “And I think that’s going to be a very powerful case that we’re going to be able to make as a party.” Democrats, including Clinton, have criticized Koch and his brother, David Koch, for using their wealth and a huge funding network they helped organize to support politicians, usually Republican ones, who reflect their opposition to government regulation of industry. The Clinton campaign was not pleased with Koch’s faint praise. A response to Koch’s comments posted on Clinton’s Twitter account said, “Not interested in endorsements from people who deny climate science and try to make it harder for people to vote.” ",1
9812,Republican financier Koch says Clinton might make better president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Billionaire industrialist Charles Koch, a key source of financing for conservative Republican causes along with his brother, said Democrat Hillary Clinton might make a better president than the candidates in the Republican field. Koch, in an interview to air on Sunday on ABC’s “This Week” program, said that in some respects Bill Clinton had been a better president than George W. Bush, who Koch said had increased government spending. Then when asked if Hillary Clinton would be a better president than the Republicans currently running, he said, “It’s possible, it’s possible.” ABC said Koch, who along brother David leads an influential political organization called Freedom Partners, has been displeased so far with the tone of the Republican presidential race, in which billionaire Donald Trump leads U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Governor John Kasich. Asked if he could support Clinton over the Republicans, Koch responded, “We would have to believe her actions would be quite different than her rhetoric. Let me put it that way.” While many conservatives have questioned Trump’s commitment to their agenda, a spokesman for the Koch brothers said last month that they would not use any of their money to block him from winning the Republican nomination. ",1
9813,Merkel says Geneva talks should aim to agree safe areas in Syria,"HANOVER, Germany (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Sunday that she did not favor classical “safe zones” in Syria which would need to be protected by foreign forces but believed that peace talks in Geneva could agree areas where fleeing Syrians could feel safe from bombardment. “I believe that if you had followed what I said yesterday in Turkey, it is something that has to come out of the Geneva peace talks; it is not about classical safe zones,” she said during a news conference with U.S. President Barack Obama. “Can one, when one speaks about a ceasefire, identify regions in the talks between the negotiating partners in Geneva where people can feel particularly safe. It is not about some influence from the outside but rather from within the talks,” she added. ",1
9814,Obama says EU and U.S. must move forward with TTIP,"HANOVER, Germany (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said the European Union and United States must move forward with a trade free trade accord still under negotiation which supporters say could boost each economy by some $100 billion. “It is indisputable” that free trade has strengthened the U.S. economy and also has brought enormous benefits to countries that engage in it, Obama said.  The U.S. president spoke at a news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, one of his closest allies in dealing with a shaky global economy and security crises in the Middle East and Ukraine. ",1
9815,White House to make decision on 9/11 report by June: Bob Graham,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House will likely make a decision by June on whether it will release some classified material withheld from the public 9/11 Commission Report, a former U.S. senator who co-chaired the congressional inquiry into the attacks said on Sunday. The withheld section of the official report on the 2001 attacks is central to a dispute over whether Americans should be able to sue the Saudi Arabian government for damages. The Office of the U.S. Director of National Intelligence is reviewing the material to see whether it can be declassified.     Former Sen. Bob Graham, a Florida Democrat, has been pressing for the release of the information and said that it may shed light on the financial backers for 19 hijackers who killed nearly 3,000 people on Sept 11, 2001. Graham told NBC’s Meet the Press that he believed that some of the withheld classified material could soon be released. “The president’s staff at least has said that they will make a decision by June, and I hope that decision is to honor the American people and make it available,” Graham said. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, said last week that he also supported releasing the material. “The release of these pages will not end debate over the issue, but it will quiet rumors over their contents,” Representative Adam Schiff said in a statement. “As is often the case, the reality is less damaging than the uncertainty.” ",1
9816,Virginia ex-governor takes corruption appeal to U.S. top court,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Virginia Governor Robert McDonnell contends that if the Supreme Court agrees with prosecutors’ broad view of bribery law and allows his corruption convictions to stand, it would make a politician’s ordinary interactions with donors a crime and upend the U.S. political process. The eight justices will hear arguments on Wednesday in the appeal by McDonnell, a former rising star in the Republican Party, of his 2014 conviction arising from gifts from a businessman who sought to promote a dietary supplement. It is the final case they will hear in their term that ends in June. The legal question concerns whether McDonnell’s conduct constituted “official action” in exchange for a thing of value, as required for conviction under federal bribery law. His lawyers contend he merely arranged meetings, asked questions and attended events, the same type of activities that politicians routinely perform in exchange for campaign contributions.  “This case marks the first time in our history that a public official has been convicted of corruption despite never agreeing to put a thumb on the scales of any government decision,” his lead lawyer Noel Francisco told the justices in legal papers. “Officials routinely arrange meetings for donors, take their calls, politely listen to their ideas, and refer them to aides. In criminalizing those everyday acts, the government has put every federal, state and local official nationwide in its prosecutorial crosshairs,” Francisco added. In court papers, U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli said the justices in the past have carefully distinguished “general ingratiation” between a politician and a donor from “quid pro quo exchanges - for example, a governor’s demanding a $1,000 contribution as the price of an official meeting.” “But no such issue arose here, because the bribes in this case were personal loans and luxury goods, not campaign contributions,” Verrilli said. McDonnell, a former rising star in the Republican Party, and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in 2014 of taking $177,000 in gifts and loans from Virginia businessman Jonnie Williams. McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison, which he has not yet served. At trial, prosecutors detailed the lavish lifestyle the McDonnells enjoyed thanks to gifts and sweetheart loans from Williams including vacations, designer clothing and shoes. The Richmond-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld McDonnell’s conviction last year. “The concern is that under the lower court’s definition of ‘official act,’ anything that’s a means to an end ... is now fair game for prosecution,” said former prosecutor David Debold, a white collar crime defense lawyer with the Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher law firm. Tara Malloy, a lawyer with the Campaign Legal Center campaign finance law watchdog group, said to convict a politician, prosecutors must prove “an explicit corrupt agreement” in which the defendant agrees to do something in return for the money, Malloy said. That is not a factor in routine campaign contributions, Malloy added. ",1
9817,Donald Trump's unlikely villain: piano-playing Reince Priebus,"HOLLYWOOD, Fla. (Reuters) - Reince Priebus, the unassuming head of the Republican National Committee, often plays the piano late at night, sometimes with a glass of wine nearby. Tickling the ivories is a lifelong passion for Priebus and he has been doing it “more than usual” lately, he told Reuters in an interview last week. It’s his way of easing the stress from the most combustible Republican presidential race in generations.  It has been a rough ride for the 44-year-old party chairman from Wisconsin, who presided over a three-day meeting of Republican officials in Florida last week. One reason for all that piano playing is the unconventional campaign being run by Republican front-runner Donald Trump. The bellicose billionaire has said that the party rules are “rigged” and could give Trump’s chief rival, Ted Cruz, a chance to become the nominee through a brokered convention, even if Trump racks up more victories in state nominating contests. He said Priebus “should be ashamed of himself.”  Yet privately, the relationship between the two has improved, their aides told Reuters. Priebus has taken frequent calls from Trump to explain nomination rules or simply hear him out, aides said. But Priebus also has been catching fire from anti-Trump forces who want him to drop his neutrality and do more to thwart Trump’s march toward the nomination ahead of the party’s convention in Cleveland in July, when it must settle on a nominee to face Democrat Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders in the Nov. 8 election. If Trump wins the nomination - a prospect increasingly likely after his string of state victories - Priebus will need to unify his party or risk losing in November. On Friday, when Priebus urged the party to rally around the eventual nominee, the blowback from the stop-Trump crowd was intense. “The best way for the Republican Party to unite, win and to grow is to reject Donald Trump,” said Rory Cooper, senior adviser to a group called #NeverTrump. Adding to Priebus’s dilemma is his task of choreographing a convention when the outcome remains uncertain. In most elections, the nomination is settled by late spring, giving party leaders time to focus on the messaging and stagecraft of the summer convention, which is typically centered on building excitement for the nominee. Priebus must plan for several scenarios: a traditional win in which Trump gets the 1,237 delegates he needs ahead of the convention; a contested convention in which Trump still wins; or the selection of Cruz or Ohio Governor John Kasich on a second or third ballot. The Republican convention has not been contested since 1952 and Henry Barbour, an RNC member from Mississippi, noted it was “uncharted waters” for the party not to have presumptive nominee so late in the cycle. Some corporations are so alarmed about how the race has turned out they have decided not to pour funding into sponsoring the convention. There also is the potential for protests of Trump in Cleveland. Trump himself has warned of riots in a contested convention. Trump’s criticism of the nominating rules has been jarring to party officials and the feud could undermine efforts to unify the party. Colorado Republican Party Chairman Steve House said on Facebook his family received death threats after Cruz swept the state’s 34 delegates. In private discussions with Trump, Priebus said he talks about “the daily events of the day or the week or the moment or the debate.” He also talks regularly with Cruz and Kasich. Does Trump, with his inflammatory remarks, get under his skin? “No, he doesn’t because I kind of know where he’s coming from. I’m not unfamiliar with his opinions. So it doesn’t really bother me because I know what the truth is,” Priebus said. Trump senior adviser Paul Manafort said Trump and Priebus were “communicating frequently” and communicating better these days. “They don’t agree on everything but they agree to try to work things out and they are working things out,” he said. An RNC member close to Priebus agreed. “They’re not best buddies or anything but they have a pretty good relationship,” the member said. “I consider all this back and forth as a little bit of ‘heat of the battle’ tensions.” Trump’s complaints about the party’s system have prompted some of his own supporters to roll their eyes in dismay. “He ain’t read the rules,” said Ada Fisher, a retired physician and Republican National Committee member from North Carolina, who was wearing a Trump button at the Florida event. The prevailing opinion among RNC members was that Trump is simply energizing his anti-establishment supporters, a point hammered home by Manafort, who privately told party leaders Trump is “projecting an image” and will transition to a more serious demeanor. RNC members vow to protect Priebus from any attempt to replace him should Trump become the nominee. “I think any effort to oust Reince will fail and it’s not the job of our nominee to select the RNC chair. It’s the job of the RNC members to select the RNC chair,” said Matt Moore, chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party. ",1
9818,"Trump bashes Clinton, promises not to become boring","HOLLYWOOD, Fla./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump attacked his top Democratic rival Hillary Clinton on Friday, calling her “crooked,” and promised his supporters that he would not bore them by becoming overly presidential. The comments undercut what his aides had said would be an attempt by the notoriously blunt-speaking Trump to project a more serious image after his win in New York’s nominating contest this week, including by rolling out more policy details. “I can tell you that if I go too presidential, people are going to be very bored,” the New York real estate baron told Fox News in an interview that will air on Saturday. He added that he worried his supporters would “fall asleep.” He went on to say that Clinton “is a person who’s got many, many flaws” and that she’s “the worst possible representative a woman can have,” as he shifted his focus away from Republican rivals and toward the Nov. 8 presidential election. “The only thing she’s got going is the women card,” Trump said in the excerpts released by the network on Friday. “We call her ‘Crooked Hillary’ because she’s a crooked person. She’s always been a crooked person.”   Clinton said at a campaign event in Pennsylvania she would not respond to Trump’s comments about her. Donna Hoffman, the head of the political science department at the University of Iowa, said Trump’s fiery personality had put him in a bind at this stage of the race. “The impetus to become more presidential is coming from some of the elite organs of the GOP, but he got to where he is today because of his persona,” she said. “To continue this way will keep him alienated from the party, but to change means his supporters will question his authenticity.” In a strong signal that his persona matters, a January survey showed that among Trump’s supporters about 43 percent said they liked him because he “speaks his mind,” while only 8 percent cited his policies. The survey was conducted by the Working America arm of labor organization AFL-CIO. Trump’s win in his home state of New York on Tuesday bolstered his chances for the Republican presidential nomination, prompting a more serious study of his prospects in the general election. Trump will give a foreign policy speech on Wednesday at the National Press Club, part of an expanded policy roll-out the campaign is planning, his aides told Republican leaders and lawmakers this week. The speech will come the day after a round of primary contests in Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island, in which polls show him likely to do well. But Trump’s rivals have said he lacks foreign policy expertise, and several foreign leaders have said they are concerned about the idea of Trump in the White House. “The mantra that somehow Donald Trump has become the presumptive nominee after New York is ridiculous,” Chad Sweet, campaign chairman for Texas Senator Ted Cruz, said on CNN on Friday.     Nationally, Trump has support from nearly half of all Republicans, compared with 28 percent for Cruz and 17 percent for Ohio Governor John Kasich, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll. “Now there’s no path to victory for Cruz so he should get out. They should both get out,” Trump told supporters in Harrington, Delaware. “And when they get out ..., we will start on Hillary Clinton like nobody’s ever seen.” Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said on Friday the party was prepared for numerous scenarios, including a contested convention if no Republican has earned the 1,237 delegates needed to secure the nomination. Republican National Committee officials gathered in Hollywood, Florida to take stock of the race for the White House and prepare for the possibility of a contested convention in July in Cleveland.  Mexico’s new ambassador to the United States, Carlos Sada, vowed on Thursday to combat negative publicity in the U.S. campaign after Trump accused Mexico of sending drug traffickers and rapists into the United States and vowed to build a wall at the border. Japanese firms said in a Reuters poll released on Wednesday that a Trump presidency would harm security partnerships.  ",1
9819,Hillary Clinton also wants Britain to stay in the EU,"LONDON/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton wants Britain to stay in the European Union, her campaign said on Saturday, following an intervention from U.S. President Barack Obama who urged Britons to vote to remain. “Hillary Clinton believes that transatlantic cooperation is essential, and that cooperation is strongest when Europe is united. She has always valued a strong United Kingdom in a strong EU. And she values a strong British voice in the EU,” Clinton senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan said in a statement provided to Reuters.  Clinton, who spent four years as U.S. secretary of state during Obama’s first term, has made her foreign policy credentials a central piece of her campaign for president in the November 2016 race for the White House.  Clinton’s position on the EU was first reported by Britain’s Observer newspaper.  Obama, who will leave Britain on Sunday, sparked a row during his three-day trip by bluntly telling Britain it should remain in the European Union to preserve its remaining global clout. He angered critics of the EU on Friday by warning that Britain would be at “the back of the queue” for a trade deal if it left the club - one of the strongest U.S. interventions in the affairs of a western European democracy since the Cold War. ",1
9820,Severe criminal justice policies hurt U.S. economy: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Longer prison sentences for non-violent criminals and crowded prisons are hurting the American economy more than they are helping it, economists in U.S. President Barack Obama’s administration said in a report released on Saturday. The prison population in the United States is 4.5 times larger than it was in 1980, primarily driven by longer sentences and higher conviction rates for nearly all offenses, according to the Council’s report. Economists are “of one mind” that packed prisons, excessively long sentences, and insufficient reentry programs “are counter-productive to our economy as a whole in addition to hurting the people involved,” Jason Furman, chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, told reporters in a call on Friday. On Monday, administration officials, economists, business leaders, and scholars will discuss the Council’s findings at an event hosted by the White House, the American Enterprise Institute think tank, and New York University’s Brennan Center for Justice. The United States can reap greater economic benefit through investments in police, prisoner education, and job opportunities for ex-prisoners than it can from putting additional funding toward prisons, the Council’s report said. The Council’s report was based on a review of existing economics research, and does not estimate the indirect costs borne by the U.S. economy as a result of its current criminal justice policies.  Later this year, the Brennan Center will unveil a study quantifying how much the U.S. criminal justice system costs Americans in terms of employment, wages, and gross domestic product, said the center’s director of justice programs, Inimai Chettiar.  Previous administrations have not brought the same focus to how criminal justice policies affect the U.S. workforce, said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, who led the Congressional Budget Office from 2003-05 and is now president of the American Action Forum think tank. Since the recession of the late 2000s, “every aspect of the workforce has been scrutinized more closely, and this sort of popped out,” he told Reuters.  ",1
9821,U.S. oil baron Harold Hamm endorses Trump for president,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Harold Hamm, chief executive of shale oil producer Continental Resources Inc and Mitt Romney’s 2012 energy adviser, endorsed U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump on Friday, saying he has the “fortitude to make tough decisions.”  Hamm, who had previously donated to U.S. Senator Marco Rubio’s presidential campaign, called the real estate mogul a “business leader’s candidate” who has the will to right what he called a series of mistakes from politicians in Washington, including “burdensome government regulations.” “The next president of the United States must have the courage, determination and intelligence to disrupt politics as usual,” Hamm wrote in a public letter. “Such an honor to get the endorsement of Harold Hamm, one of the great men in the history of the oil and energy business,” Trump said in a statement to Reuters.  Known for his outspoken views on U.S. energy policy and other matters, Hamm once referred to OPEC leader Saudi Arabia as a “toothless tiger” in the face of growing U.S. oil output. OPEC and Saudia Arabia eventually proved Hamm wrong by using its influence to keep prices low for more than 18 months and counting, exerting sharp pain on U.S. oil producers. Hamm’s Continental is expected to post a quarterly loss next month. Hamm’s endorsement followed President Barack Obama’s meeting with Saudi Arabia’s King Salman in Riyadh this week. By endorsing Trump, Hamm has parted ways with former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican candidate for the White House, who has vigorously opposed Trump’s candidacy. ",1
9822,Virginia governor signs order restoring voting rights for felons,"RICHMOND, Va. (Reuters) - Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe signed an order on Friday restoring the voting rights of more than 200,000 convicted felons who have completed their sentences, in a move that could help the Democratic nominee in November’s presidential election. By using his executive powers, the Democratic governor is circumventing the Republican majority in the state General Assembly. Many of the convicts affected by the order are African-Americans or Latinos, two groups that have voted overwhelmingly for Democratic candidates in the past.  “Virginia will no longer build walls and barriers to the ballot box - we will break them down,” McAuliffe said in a message on his Twitter account. Advocates of restoring voting rights say it is a way of promoting racial justice, as African-Americans are convicted of crimes and sent to prison at about twice the rate of the overall U.S. population. Stephen J. Farnsworth, a political analyst at the University of Mary Washington in Fredericksburg, said a majority of the convicted felons who regained their voting rights were likely members of minority groups. Of the 5.8 million Americans banned from voting, 2.2 million are African-American, according to the Sentencing Project, a prison reform advocacy group. In three states - Virginia, Florida and Kentucky - more than a fifth of black residents outside of prison are barred from voting. About 13 percent of the U.S. population is African-American. McAuliffe’s order drew immediate criticism from John Whitbeck, chairman of the Republican Party of Virginia, who said the governor should have excluded those convicted of violent crimes. “His decision to issue a blanket restoration, without regard to the nature of the crimes committed doesn’t speak of mercy. Rather, it speaks of political opportunism,” Whitbeck said in a statement.  Nationwide, restoration of voting rights is an issue that has drawn support from both Democrats and Republicans as a way to improve reintegration of prisoners into society. About two dozen states have eased restrictions on felons casting ballots over the past two decades, according to the Sentencing Project. But the move carries political implications as well. Virginia is considered a key swing state in the 2016 election, and the governor’s order could tip the balance in favor of the Democratic candidate who wins the party’s nomination. While Democrat Barack Obama took Virginia both in the 2008 and 2012 elections, Republican presidential candidates have a history of dominance in the state. Before Obama’s victories, Republicans carried Virginia in every presidential election since 1952 except one. In 1964, Democrat Lyndon Johnson won in Virginia as he defeated Barry Goldwater in a national landslide. The governor, who said on Friday Virginia has had some of the most restrictive laws in the country for restoration of voting and civil rights, has made the issue a high priority during his administration. Previous efforts have resulted in the restoration of voting rights to 18,000 Virginians, he said. The order will restore the rights of every Virginia felon who completed his or her sentence and all other requirements as of April 22, affecting 206,000 people immediately, the governor said in a press release.  Before the order, Virginia felons would have to petition the governor, who had broad discretion in ruling on any request. ",1
9823,"Unpopularity of Clinton, Trump puts spotlight on potential running mates","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Rarely have two U.S. presidential front-runners needed more from running mates than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. The Democratic and Republican leaders in the 2016 White House race are unusually unpopular nationally, polls show, despite their success with voters in their respective parties. Clinton has struggled to generate excitement about her candidacy and assuage voter concerns about her trustworthiness, while Trump fares badly among women and minorities in polls. Their weaknesses only increase the importance of their vice presidential pick, who could potentially help them rally support in key demographics ahead of the Nov. 8 vote - if each gets their party’s nomination.  Hispanic advocacy groups are lobbying Clinton to choose a Hispanic running mate. The person most often mentioned - Julian Castro, the housing and urban development secretary who is one of the party’s rising stars - is opposed by liberal activists who accuse him of favoring Wall Street firms in the sale of distressed mortgages. Some of the groups have started an online petition against Castro’s candidacy, which has angered the Latino Victory Fund, a nonpartisan advocacy group that has been pushing for a Latino vice-presidential nominee.  “These attacks against Secretary Castro are completely unfounded, short sighted, and only serve to pit us against each other,” said Cristobal Alex, the fund’s president. The U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce has called on Clinton to choose Castro.  Democratic strategist Joe Velasquez, a Clinton supporter, said a Hispanic running mate could make a difference in swing states like Florida, Colorado, Nevada and Virginia, which have large Hispanic populations. Polls show Hispanic voters overwhelmingly dislike Trump, in part because of his comments likening illegal immigrants to criminals. U.S. Labor Secretary Tom Perez has also been mentioned as a possible Latino pick. But Clinton’s decision isn’t clear-cut. Given Trump’s unpopularity with some moderate Republicans, she may want a vice-president who can wrest away some of those voters. Someone like Tim Kaine, a senator from Virginia who personally opposes abortion but supports a woman’s right to choose, or New Jersey Senator Cory Booker, who has close ties to the financial sector.  There was no immediate comment from Castro, Kaine, Perez or Booker. Clinton though could give a higher priority to winning over liberal democrats, who see her as too pro-Wall Street and have flocked to her rival, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Sherrod Brown, a senator from Ohio who is a fierce opponent of global trade deals, and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a fierce critic of the banking industry, have both been named as possible vice president picks.   Brown and Warren did not respond to requests for comment. The Clinton campaign confirmed a report in the Boston Globe that Clinton would include at least one woman in any short list of vice presidential candidates to be vetted. Democratic strategist Chris Kofinis is skeptical that Clinton needs to spend much time appeasing the liberal wing of her party if she wins the nomination. “As much as people have made out this race between Clinton and Sanders to be an ideological death match, Donald Trump will do more to bring the Democratic Party together than anyone has ever done,” he said. Trump is viewed unfavorably by 80 percent of Democrats,     according to a recent Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll.  But other Democrats fear the increasingly bitter Clinton-Sanders battle, has fractured the party. Jim Manley, a former top aide to Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, said Clinton’s pick “has to be viewed through a prism of, among other things, their ability to bring on Sanders voters.” Reuters/Ipsos polling suggests Clinton would struggle to attract some Sanders voters. When asked what they would do if Clinton was the nominee, 15 percent of Sanders supporters said they would stay home on Election Day and 16 percent said they would vote for the Republican nominee. Forty-nine percent said they would vote for Clinton. Both the Clinton and Trump campaigns refused to comment on the vice-presidential speculation, saying they remain focused on winning their respective nominating contests. Clinton holds a commanding lead among the party delegates who will pick the party’s nominee, but Sanders has pledged to keep fighting. Trump may not have the Republican nomination locked down until the summer, if he can beat off challenges by Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich, who is running a distant third in the Republican race. Typically, vice-presidential selections are vetted for weeks after a candidate has emerged as the party’s nominee and are announced shortly before the party conventions in the summer.  Trump’s polarizing candidacy could make his job of finding a running mate more difficult. For much of the campaign season, many in the Republican establishment, along with well-funded political committees, have been looking for ways to keep Trump from winning the Republican nomination. Trump has stated his preference for an established office-holder rather than a political neophyte like himself, specifically listing Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, and Kasich.  Walker, who has endorsed Cruz, laughed when he was asked about the prospect, but has been noncommittal. Rubio has repeatedly rejected the idea. Kasich last week said there was “zero chance” of his playing second fiddle to Trump, despite mounting speculation that he would be an ideal candidate because of his deep government experience and Ohio’s crucial role as a general election swing state.  A source close to Kasich told Reuters the governor has no interest in working with Trump as the two don’t agree on much.  Cruz, too, said this week he would not be Trump’s running mate, while telling reporters in Hollywood, Florida on Wednesday that “a Trump-Kasich ticket loses to Hillary Clinton.” Tony Fratto, a Republican strategist, said Trump may be forced to turn to “guys at the end of their careers, not people who believe they have a future. Someone in their last act who has nothing to lose by accepting an offer from Trump.”  That might include New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who has been one or the few establishment politicians to campaign for Trump, or Florida Governor Rick Scott, who has endorsed Trump. Both are in their final terms in office.  Christie was asked about the prospect in an interview with a New Jersey radio station on Thursday. “The way I think about these things, you never say ‘never,’” he said.  Other names linked to Trump include former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions, a Trump adviser, and Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon and former presidential candidate. There was no immediate comment from Sessions, Scott and Giuliani. Armstrong Williams, a close adviser to Carson, said the former White House hopeful doesn’t want the slot. “At this point he has no interest in being in politics ... none,” Williams said. “I think Trump is looking for someone with government experience, someone who is more political.”  ",1
9824,Spy chief pressed for number of Americans ensnared in data espionage,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers are pressing the nation’s top intelligence official to estimate the number of Americans ensnared in email surveillance and other such spying on foreign targets, saying the information was needed to gauge possible reforms to the controversial programs. Eight Democrats and six Republicans made the request to Director of National Intelligence James Clapper in a letter seen by Reuters on Friday, reflecting the continued bipartisan concerns over the scope of U.S. data espionage.  “You have willingly shared information with us about the important and actionable intelligence obtained under these surveillance programs,” wrote the lawmakers, all members of the U.S. House of Representatives’ Judiciary Committee.  “Now we require your assistance in making a determination that the privacy protections in place are functioning as designed.” They requested that Clapper provide the information about data collected under a statute, known as Section 702, by May 6. That law, set to expire at the end of 2017, enables an Internet surveillance program called Prism that was first disclosed in a series of leaks by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden some three years ago.   Prism gathers messaging data from Alphabet’s Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Apple and other major tech companies that is sent to and from a foreign target under surveillance. Intelligence officials say data about Americans are “incidentally” collected during communication with a target reasonably believed to be living overseas. Critics see it as “back-door” surveillance on Americans without a warrant. A recently declassified November opinion from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, a secretive body that oversees the legality of U.S. spy programs, rejected a constitutional challenge to rules permitting the FBI to access foreign intelligence data for use in domestic criminal investigations. The Republican-controlled House has voted overwhelmingly since the Snowden leaks to require U.S. agencies obtain a warrant before searching collected foreign intelligence for data belonging to Americans, but those proposals have gained minimal traction in the Senate. Civil liberties groups and Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat, have previously requested information on the extent of  U.S. data caught up in the foreign surveillance program. The Obama administration, however, has said it cannot provide a precise answer and that any estimate would require reviewing communications in a manner that would raise privacy concerns. In their letter to Clapper, the lawmakers said officials have demonstrated the feasibility of providing an estimate and that any one-time privacy concerns were acceptable in light of the importance of the information. James Sensenbrenner, Darrell Issa, Jim Jordan, Ted Poe, Jason Chaffetz, and Blake Farenthold were the Republicans to sign the letter. Jerrold Nadler, Zoe Lofgren, Hank Johnson, Ted Deutch, Cedric Richmond, Suzan DelBene, David Cicilline and John Conyers signed for the Democrats. Conyers is the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee. ",1
9825,Top House Republican condemns reported U.S. purchase of Iran heavy water,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, commenting on a report in the Wall Street Journal on Friday that the Obama administration is buying 32 tons of heavy water from Iran, said the purchase was “another unprecedented concession to the world’s leading state-sponsor of terrorism.” Ryan, a Republican, added in a statement that the reported purchase for $8.6 million appeared to be part of the Democratic administration’s efforts to sweeten the nuclear deal with Iran and would “directly subsidize Iran’s nuclear program.” ",1
9826,Markets ignore Trump presidential bid at their peril,"LONDON (IFR) - The prospect of Donald Trump becoming the next U.S. president and ushering in a period of increased public spending and de-globalisation has not been adequately priced into bond markets, market participants have warned.  Trump, currently a candidate for the Republican nomination for U.S. president, could prove disruptive for global markets if he comes into power and brings in policies that match the radical nature of his rhetoric. “I think one big uncertainty that has so far been ignored by the market is Donald Trump: what happens if he is elected,” Patrick Barbe, chief investment officer, European Sovereign & Aggregate, BNP Paribas Investment Partners, told IFR. “We don’t have any specific policies from him yet, but the tone of what he is saying suggests increased wages, expansion of the public sector and rising government expenses; everything that bond markets tend not to like.”  While the U.S. markets will be most affected, the repercussions could be felt throughout the world, as the US still accounts for the largest chunk of the world’s GDP; over 22 percent in 2014, according to the World Bank.  Trump this week recorded a comprehensive victory in the New York primary, injecting renewed momentum into his campaign to become the Republican nominee.  The vote scheduled for November has had a limited effect on bond markets so far. US Treasuries have tended to trade much more on rates expectations than on political risk so far this year, and 10-year UST yields have dropped as much as 36bp since the start of the year to 1.88 percent, according to Eikon prices.  Moreover, there has been very little research or analysis done on the subject up to this point, though that is likely to change as the nomination process continues.  “I don’t think the market has fully thought through the implications of Trump as U.S. president, but it is definitely moving up the agenda,” said David Riley, head of credit strategy at BlueBay Asset Management.  “In my view, populist politics typically is also associated with protectionist economic policies. Certainly a concern would be a more isolationist, protectionist U.S., which would reinforce a fear that, after an era of globalization, we would enter an era of de-globalisation.” ISSUERS FRONT-RUN In the public sector market there has been record levels of US dollar bond issuance this month, partly because SSA issuers are looking to get their borrowing done ahead of any political risk associated with the U.S. election. “Market conditions are primarily driving the issuance as it is looking very solid at the moment, but the U.S. election will cause uncertainty the closer you get to it. A lot of people are getting in ahead of these events,” said one syndicate official who covers public sector debt.  There has been $38.9 billion of U.S. dollar bond issuance month-to-date by public sector issuers, according to IFR data, led by the likes of Washington-based supras World Bank and Inter-American Development Bank.  With a week still to go, that is comfortably above the US$35bn raised in January - traditionally the busiest month of the year for the SSA sector. ",1
9827,U.S. to propose Obama visit Hiroshima in late May: Nikkei,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States will propose that President Barack Obama visits Hiroshima, Japan’s Nikkei newspaper said on Friday, in what would be the first visit by an incumbent U.S. president to the city devastated by a U.S. nuclear attack 71 years ago. Citing an unidentified senior U.S. government official, the business daily said Washington planned to propose to Tokyo a visit by the president on May 27, at the end of a Group of Seven (G7) summit hosted by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. In Washington, a White House official said no decision has been made.  Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga denied the visit was being arranged and declined further comment. Diplomatic protocol means any announcement should come from the U.S. side. “It is not true that a visit to Hiroshima by President Obama is being arranged between the United States and Japan,” Suga told a regular news conference.  “The schedule of the U.S. president is a matter for the United States to decide. The (Japanese) government will refrain from comment.” A U.S. warplane dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima on Aug. 6, 1945, killing thousands of people instantly and about 140,000 by the end of that year. Nagasaki was bombed on Aug. 9, 1945, and Japan surrendered six days later. A presidential visit would be controversial in the United States if it were seen as an apology. A majority of Americans view the bombing of Hiroshima and  Nagasaki as justified to end the war and save U.S lives. The vast majority of Japanese think the bombings were unjustified. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said during a visit to the city this month that Obama wanted to travel there, although he did not know if the president’s schedule when he visited Japan for the May 26-27 summit would allow him to. Hiroshima bombing survivors, and other residents, have said they hope for progress in ridding the world of nuclear weapons, rather than an apology, if Obama makes the historic visit. Hopes for Obama’s visit to Hiroshima were raised after a speech in April 2009 in Prague when he called for a world without nuclear weapons. He later said he would be honored to visit the two cities that suffered nuclear attack. Kerry, who toured the Hiroshima Peace Memorial and Museum, called its haunting displays “gut-wrenching” and said everyone should visit. The displays include photographs of badly burned victims, the tattered and stained clothes they wore and statues depicting them with flesh melting from their limbs. ",1
9828,"Trump has been playing a part, will become more presidential: adviser","HOLLYWOOD, Fla./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top advisers to Donald Trump assured Republican Party leaders on Thursday that the New York billionaire would adopt a more presidential demeanor soon, to temper the image projected during his campaign so far. Trump’s representatives, including newly recruited senior advisers Paul Manafort and Rick Wiley, met privately with leaders of the Republican National Committee at an oceanside resort hotel where the party is holding a three-day meeting. “The part that he’s been playing is now evolving into the part that you’ve been expecting. The negatives will come down, the image is going to change,” Trump senior adviser Paul Manafort assured the party leaders, according to an audiotape of the session heard by Reuters. Trump has been “projecting an image” to energize voters, Manafort said, adding that he will soon concentrate on “crooked Hillary,” the nickname that Trump has given to Democratic favorite Hillary Clinton. “You’ll see a different guy,” said Manafort. But in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Trump suggested he was not ready to change from the style that has brought him close to the Republican presidential nomination. “I just don’t know if I want to do it yet,” he said. In recent weeks, Trump has railed against the party for developing what he said was a “rigged” system in which Cruz was able to amass delegates in Colorado without Republicans actually voting. Chatting over shrimp, crab legs and an open bar, Trump’s advisers expressed confidence that their candidate would win the Republican presidential nomination without the party having to resort to a contested convention in Cleveland in July, according to three attendees. Trump, 69, needs 1,237 delegates to win the nomination outright for the Nov. 8 election. Rivals Ted Cruz, 45, and John Kasich, 63, are trying to stop him from getting a majority of delegates, so they can force a contested convention in which one of them could emerge as the nominee. Cruz told a conservative talk radio host, Mark Levin, that Manafort’s comments show that Trump’s campaign style “is just an act.” Party leaders told reporters after the session that Trump’s envoys said Trump, as the Republican nominee, would be able to expand the party’s electoral map to include several states Republicans have not won in a general election in a generation. One attendee, South Carolina Republican Party Chairman Matt Moore, said the Trump team told the group it expected Trump to adopt a “more presidential demeanor” over the next few weeks.Moore said he was taking a wait-and-see attitude on whether Trump would change. “The proof is in the pudding,” he said. Manafort told reporters after the meeting that “we talked about how we’re going to expand the map.” As for how to change the negative image some voters had of Trump, Manafort said: “We just have to present him in a way that shows all sides of Donald Trump.” Former presidential candidate Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon who has endorsed Trump, also addressed the group. Talking to reporters as he walked into the meeting, Carson said his message was that Republicans should “stop fighting among ourselves” and unite behind Trump. “I don’t think anyone can win if the Republican Party and the conservatives don’t consolidate,” he said. Trump, who has alarmed some establishment Republicans with his comments on immigration, Muslims and trade, has begun to moderate his message in recent days. Trump’s campaign has hired staff versed in the ways of Washington and has begun holding regular meetings on Capitol Hill with current and potential supporters.  Trump clashed again on Thursday with Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, this time over a North Carolina law passed last month requiring transgender people to use government and school bathrooms that correspond with the sex on their birth certificates. During an appearance at an NBC “Today” show town hall, Trump sided with critics of the law, passed by a Republican-controlled legislature, saying it was unnecessary and that North Carolina was “paying a big price” because of negative business reaction. His comments drew immediate criticism from Cruz, a staunch social and fiscal conservative who supports the law and said Trump had caved to political correctness as he seeks to broaden his appeal. ",1
9829,Clinton targets young voters with new fundraising group,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton launched a bid on Thursday to draw young voters and small donors to her campaign, targeting the strengths of her rival, Bernie Sanders, as she looks ahead to the general election. Dubbed “for45” - for Clinton as the 45th president of the United States - the group will offer associate level membership for as low as $250, according to an invitation seen by Reuters for an April 25 Philadelphia event. “We will have an opportunity to fundraise and host low-dollar events, speaking to what we are passionate about and why we support her,” said Akilah Ensley, a 32-year-old Clinton supporter planning to join the group. “It’s important that we engage.”      The group held its “kick-off” conference call on Thursday, featuring the Clinton campaign’s finance director, Dennis Cheng, other campaign officials, and actress Lena Dunham, according to an invitation to the call. The group includes two other tiers, according to an information sheet seen by Reuters - a “member” level with minimum fundraising of $2,500 and an “advisor” level for raising at least $10,000. The Clinton and Sanders campaigns did not respond to  requests for comment.  The formation of the group underscores the challenge facing the former secretary of state in winning over the young people who have helped power Sanders’ run. Younger voters are a critical voting block and source of financing should she win the Democratic nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Clinton has a commanding delegate lead over Sanders, the U.S. senator from Vermont, and checked his momentum by winning New York’s primary earlier this week. But she has struggled to attract younger voters. While she won New York on Tuesday by 16 points, Sanders took 65 percent of Democratic voters aged 18 to 29, according to exit polls conducted by Edison Research and published in the New York Times. Younger voters have also turned out more heavily for Sanders in other states. Sanders so often boasts about his average donation level of $27 that rally crowds now shout the number out along with him.  Steve Schale, a Democratic strategist in Florida who is not affiliated with the Clinton campaign, said for45 was a “smart way” to begin courting Sanders’ supporters. He compared it with the “Gen44” group of young voters that supported President Barack Obama.  “Anything that spurs people to get involved financially, it just builds more ownership in the campaign,” he said.    ",1
9830,Trump offers support for bathroom access based on gender identity,"WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump sided on Thursday with those criticizing a controversial new North Carolina law requiring transgender people to use government and school bathrooms that correspond with the sex on their birth certificate. Trump said the law was unnecessary and people should be allowed to use whichever bathroom feels appropriate. “Leave it the way it is,” he said during a town hall on NBC’s Today show. “There have been very few complaints the way it is,” added Trump, who is front-runner to be the Republican presidential nominee in November’s election. National Basketball Association Commissioner Adam Silver also on Thursday made his strongest statements yet suggesting that the league’s 2017 All-Star Game would be moved out of the state if the law is not changed, the Washington Post reported. At a meeting with Associated Press sports editors, Silver maintained that there was no deadline for making a decision about the event to be held in Charlotte, North Carolina. Corporations, entertainers and activists are calling for a repeal of the measure signed into law last month by the state’s Republican governor, Pat McCrory.  State tourism and business groups say tens of millions of dollars in revenue have been lost as meetings have relocated, and entertainers including Bruce Springsteen canceled concerts. PayPal Holdings (PYPL.O) and Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) halted or canceled plans to add jobs in protest at the law. “North Carolina did something (that) was very strong, and they’re paying a big price,” Trump said. Trump’s main rival for the Republican nomination, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz, reiterated his support for North Carolina’s law, which invalidated an ordinance passed in Charlotte and is now the subject of a federal lawsuit. [L2N1700NV] “We shouldn’t be facilitating putting little girls alone in a bathroom w/ grown men,” Cruz, who is a social conservative and  the father of two young girls, said on Twitter. “That’s just a bad, bad, bad idea.” North Carolina’s law has been criticized for denying protections to the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community beyond bathroom access. McCrory has signaled a willingness to revise some aspects of the measure, but he and other top Republicans in the state are standing firm on the controversial bathroom provision. McCrory is seeking re-election in November. His campaign has defended the provision saying it affects only bathrooms in public schools and government buildings, and private businesses are free to adopt their own bathroom policies. ",1
9831,Guantanamo shrinking but Obama goal of closing prison still elusive,"GUANTANAMO BAY U.S. NAVAL BASE, Cuba (Reuters) - Observed from behind a one-way mirror and heavy chain-link fence, a handful of bearded detainees in baggy t-shirts mill around inside a communal cellblock at the Guantanamo Bay military prison, vastly outnumbered by U.S. troops guarding them. This is the shrinking world of America’s notorious offshore prison, a scene that underscores how U.S. President Barack Obama is running out of time – and options – to meet his pledge to close the compound before he leaves office in January. Obama has whittled down the number of prisoners to 80, the lowest since shortly after his predecessor George W. Bush opened the facility to hold terrorism suspects rounded up overseas following the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. But the president faces political and legal obstacles that may prove insurmountable in his final push to empty the detention center at the U.S. naval station in Cuba, according to some U.S. officials in Washington. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/1NmI52e) Still, there were growing signs during a carefully scripted media tour this week that operations are beginning to wind down at the prison, where many cells now stand empty. As inmate numbers dwindle - the latest departures being nine Yemenis sent to Saudi Arabia last weekend - participation also has ebbed in what was once a widespread hunger strike. Fewer than five inmates are being force-fed, the chief medical officer told reporters as he displayed a “restraint chair” of the type where prisoners are strapped down and nasal tubes inserted twice daily. But the 1,100-strong force of military personnel assigned to secure Guantanamo’s far-flung lockups, ranging from communal compounds for well-behaved prisoners to solitary confinement for those considered most dangerous, has remained largely unchanged. That works out to about 14 guards for each current inmate. Work inside the razor wire is labor-intensive. Squads of guards in protective visors swarmed through an eerily darkened corridor one lunch time, preparing to deliver meals in Camp Six, home to the most cooperative prisoners. Unaware of being watched and recorded through the sound-proof glass, detainees went about their routines. One waved over a guard and complained about not having enough pens for his artwork, while another sat at a steel table doing paperwork. In Washington, Republican lawmakers are readying for a legal battle if Obama tries to move prisoners to U.S. soil. Obama’s plan to close Guantanamo, announced two months ago, hinges on bringing possibly dozens of remaining prisoners deemed too dangerous to release to maximum-security prisons in the United States. But that would defy a congressional ban on such transfers. Administration officials have not ruled out that Obama might seek to bypass Congress and resort to executive action to close the prison but say privately he probably won’t make a decision until after the November presidential election. Republican frontrunner Donald Trump and his party rivals vow to keep the jail open if they win the White House. At its peak, Guantanamo housed nearly 800 prisoners, becoming a symbol of the excesses of the “war on terror” and synonymous with accusations of torture. Obama, whose promise to shutter the prison dates back to the 2008 campaign, has called it a recruitment tool for terrorists. Nowadays, camp officials credit improved “compliance” by prisoners to a sense that release is getting closer. Most have been held for more than a decade without charge or trial. Only two detainees are listed for misconduct, which can entail anything from physically assaulting guards to “splashing them with bodily fluids,” said Army Colonel David Heath, commander of the Guantanamo guard force. Hunger strikers, who numbered more than a hundred at the peak of their protest in 2013, are now just a handful and there is no longer any need for extraction teams to pull them from their cells for “enteral feeding” sessions, according to Navy Captain Rich Quattrone, head of the camp’s medical facilities. He insisted the process is “safe and humane.” But Omar Farah, attorney for Tariq Ba Odah, a Yemeni hunger striker who lost half his body weight and was among the group sent to Saudi Arabia, said force-feeding was “utterly humiliating”. Guantanamo officials remain mindful of other potential sources of trouble, especially given Islamic religious sensitivities. For instance, when a reporter entered a model cell meant to display living conditions and began inspecting a bookshelf, camp officials rushed over and told her not to touch a copy of the Koran. Her cameraman was ordered to delete the scene. At the detainee library, where Harry Potter books are the most popular items, officials screen out anything deemed to promote jihadist themes or containing graphic violence or nudity.  Inmates sometimes go a step further. A woman’s photo on the cover of an Arabic-language National Geographic was scribbled over by a detainee apparently offended by her uncovered face. ",1
9832,Republican candidate Kasich passed over by 'Time 100',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Time magazine’s annual “100 most influential people” list had a notable omission this year: John Kasich, the only member of the current presidential field who did not to make the cut. The list included Kasich’s rivals for the Republican presidential nomination, front-runner Donald Trump and U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, along with Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, in its “leaders” category, but not the Ohio governor. Kasich has trailed Trump and Cruz throughout the campaign and his organization did not immediately respond to a request for comment on his omission from the Time list. The “Time 100” bills itself as a collection of “world leaders,” “great minds” and “other icons of the moment,” according to a statement released to the media. Trump was depicted in the list as a “rule breaker,” Cruz a “conservative crusader,” Clinton a “Democratic fighter” and Sanders a “populist provocateur.” Other U.S. political figures who made the cut included Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley. Time Deputy Editor Radhika Jones, who oversees the list, told Reuters they chose to include the candidates who are “most changing the game.” “There was never going to be a way to get all the candidates,” on the list Jones explained, citing the list’s global scope. International leaders on the Time 100 included German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Chinese President Xi Jinping. ",1
9833,Mexico Senate committee OK's air transport deal with United States,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A key committee in Mexico’s Senate on Thursday ratified a deal with the United States that would boost competition in air transportation, a Senate spokesman said, paving the way for expansion of the world’s second largest cross-border market. The deal, which both governments have already signed and  modifies a 1960 agreement, would open up new routes for airlines to fly between the countries and allow for an unlimited number of flights. Mexico’s full Senate must still ratify the agreement for it to take effect, which is likely to happen in the coming days. While some analysts have welcomed the deal, saying it would lower airfares by boosting traffic, Mexican airline workers have complained it would put the country’s airlines at a disadvantage. The United States, which has a fleet of 7,500 planes compared to Mexico’s 300, accounts for 65 percent of total flights in Mexican airspace, well above the 22 percent offered by Mexican carriers. Ratification would also remove the main hurdle to a closer tie-up between Delta Air Lines Inc and Grupo Aeromexico SAB de CV. The carriers have asked the U.S. government to grant them immunity from antitrust law so they can coordinate better flight connection times as well as prices, a request that cannot be granted until the aviation accord comes into force. Delta said last week its deal to buy up to 49 percent of Aeromexico is expected to close this summer. ",1
9834,"Kerry, Zarif to discuss U.S. sanctions relief for Iran on Friday: U.S.","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. sanctions relief will be on the agenda when the Iranian and U.S. foreign ministers meet on Friday amid Tehran’s complaints it has been slow to benefit from last year’s Iran nuclear deal, the U.S. State Department said. Under the July 14 nuclear deal, formally called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), Iran agreed to restrain its nuclear program in exchange for relief from economic sanctions that had crippled its oil-dependent economy. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif plan to sit down in New York on Friday, their second meeting this week. “I fully expect that they will continue to talk about the sanctions relief process and the degree to which banks, foreign and domestic, as well as institutions, foreign and domestic, are evaluating their options under the JCPOA,” State Department spokesman John Kirby told reporters at his daily briefing. Kirby said representatives of the U.S. Treasury Department, which oversees many but not all U.S. sanctions on Iran, would not take part in the meeting, and he played down expectations that the talks would yield any concrete proposals. In addition, Kirby told reporters Washington did not share Tehran’s view that a U.S. Supreme Court decision that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut and other attacks constituted “theft.” ",1
9835,Sanders raises more cash but Clinton makes campaign dollars go further,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK - Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton has spent about $15 per vote so far in the race for the party’s nomination, less than her rival Bernie Sanders, who spent $22, according to campaign finance reports filed on Wednesday. Clinton’s efficiency with money could offset concern among some of her backers that Sanders, the U.S. Senator from Vermont, has outraised her in each of the last two months as he wages a fierce fight to get onto the presidential ballot. The former first lady’s campaign has spent a total of $157.8 million since launching last April and has yielded a total of 10.4 million votes in state nominating contests. That includes $28.7 million for 8.7 million votes in March, the filings show. Sanders, in turn, has spent $168.4 million since launching his bid for the White House, while netting 7.7 million votes. Sanders’ campaign has often touted its ability to tap a large number of small donors to outraise Clinton. In March, Sanders pulled in nearly $46 million from 900,000 people, with an average donation of just over $26, it said. That compared to $29.3 million for Clinton in March, from 400,000 people.  Some 96 percent of Sanders’ donors have given less in total than the $2,700 maximum, according to his campaign, meaning he can go back to them for more funds.  Some of Clinton’s backers say they are nervous about her campaign’s fundraising strategy of relying heavily on donors who are able to write big checks, and who max out more quickly. “I think we’re going to see her doing more small dollar fund raisers,” said Lorraine Hariton, who has raised more than $100,000 for the campaign.  But the Clinton campaign’s spending efficiency has helped it preserve a warchest. At the end of March, Clinton had $29 million left in the bank — more than anyone else running for president. Sanders had just $17 million. Preserving the war chest is crucial for Clinton’s chance of winning the White House in the general election against a Republican, letting her campaign effectively in swing states, attack her opponent’s vulnerabilities and defend her own. Should she face off against Republican front-runner Donald Trump, she will need a bank account sufficient to compete with a candidate who has mastered the knack of earning free coverage. Approaching the end of the primary campaign with a surplus is a far different scenario from the one in which Clinton found herself at the end of her failed 2008 bid for the nomination against Barack Obama, when she ended up $9.5 million in debt. An example of the campaign’s frugality: it cut advertising spending by $5 million to $12 million in March, a month heavy with primaries and caucuses, by using more digital advertising instead of television ads.  Clinton spent only $1.6 million on digital ads. The campaign also reduced real estate costs and limited increases in payroll as it staffed up.  “We set ambitious goals to ensure we’d have the resources we need to win a competitive primary and we’ve blown past every goal, recently surpassing the million-donor mark,” spokesman Josh Schwerin said.  ",1
9836,Sen. Warren demands answers from U.S. regulators over Cohen firm,"(Reuters) - U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren, a firebrand for strong financial regulation, asked on Thursday why securities regulators approved Steve Cohen’s new firm as an investment adviser after barring the billionaire from managing other people’s money until 2018. In a letter to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Massachusetts Democrat said the regulator’s decision to approve the firm, Stamford Harbor Capital L.P., makes “a mockery of the SEC’s core mission to ‘protect investors.’” “The Commission has permitted a recidivist hedge fund manager, well-known for his former company’s willingness to evade and ignore federal law, to once again profit from - and potentially exploit - investors,” she wrote, calling it “the latest example of an SEC action that fails to appropriately punish guilty parties, deter future wrongdoing, and protect investors.” In 2012 Cohen was implicated in an insider trading scandal at a unit of SAC Capital Advisors, a hedge fund he founded. The SEC in January reached a settlement with Cohen prohibiting him from serving in a supervisory role at any broker, dealer, or investment adviser until 2018, addressing charges related to the subsidiary.  “As the only law enforcement agency to charge Steven Cohen, the SEC imposed important restrictions, including a supervisory bar plus the additional oversight requirements in the settlement that are even stronger than typical remedies,” said Andrew Ceresney, director of the SEC’s enforcement division.  Mark Herr, a spokesman for Point 72 Asset Management, Cohen’s family office that manages his assets, said the conditions in the settlement were clear. “We are not going to manage one dollar of outside money prior to Jan. 1, 2018,” he said. Earlier this month the SEC granted registration to the new Stamford Harbor entity, which Cohen owns.  At the time, a Stamford Harbor spokesman said Cohen will “not supervise the activities of anyone acting on its behalf,” thus allowing him to abide by the agreement. The firm will initially focus on investments in private companies that are illiquid, according to filings. But it could also seek or accept outside capital in the future. Warren said the firm had a “shell management structure” and the SEC should ensure “that future settlement agreements cannot be so easily undermined.” She asked for a complete list of “other individuals or firms who, like Mr. Cohen, were barred from managing funds (or barred from other activities by SEC) yet are presently indirectly involved in those activities with SEC-registered entities.”",1
9837,U.S. Capitol replacing flag display over Confederate imagery,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A display of U.S. state flags in a tunnel under Washington’s Capitol complex will be replaced because of controversial Confederate symbols on some of the flags, an administrative committee said on Thursday. In its place, in the busy passageway between the Capitol and adjacent office buildings, depictions of commemorative quarters representing the 50 states, the U.S. territories and Washington, D.C., will be installed, said Committee on House Administration Chairwoman Candice Miller. Michigan Republican Representative Miller said in a statement that she decided to replace the display because of the controversy surrounding the Confederate flag, which is widely seen today as a symbol of racism and slavery.  “I am well aware of how many Americans negatively view the Confederate flag, and, personally, I am very sympathetic to these views,” she said. Lawmakers who choose to hang their home states’ flags outside their offices may still do so. “In this way all state flags are displayed on Capitol Hill,” Miller said.   Only the Mississippi state flag still depicts the Confederate battle flag, in the top left corner. Symbols from various Confederate flags are evident in the flags of Alabama, Florida, Georgia and Arkansas. All these states were among those that seceded from the union in 1860-1861 and joined the pro-slavery Confederate States of America that was defeated by the anti-slavery union in the American Civil War. Representative Bennie Thompson, a Mississippi Democrat who pushed last year for his state’s flag to be removed from the Capitol, praised Miller’s announcement as a step toward removing all signs of the “Confederate revolt against our own country.” Criticism over public display of the Confederate flag  intensified last year after a white man who gunned down nine black churchgoers in South Carolina was pictured on social media with it. U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican, told a weekly news conference that he supports the decision to change the display. It is expected to be installed once renovations of the tunnel are finished later this year. ",1
9838,Senators close to proposal on Zika funds: Republican committee chairman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bipartisan group of senators will soon offer a proposal for more funding to fight a Zika outbreak spreading rapidly through the Americas, Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Thad Cochran said on Thursday. Democrats and Obama administration officials have urged the Republican-controlled Congress to grant nearly $1.9 billion in emergency funds to combat Zika, a virus borne by mosquitoes that can cause microcephaly, a rare birth defect. But many Republicans have said they need more information from the administration before approving the measure.  In a temporary fix, the White House said earlier this month it would reprogram $589 million of allocated funds, but said this would be insufficient to deal with the threat. Cochran, speaking at an appropriations committee meeting, did not say how much funding would be in the proposal. The Republican said it would supplement the White House reallocation. “We recognize that there is an urgency associated with the threat,” Cochran said. “This proposal will provide new resources ... It is my expectation that this proposal will be offered to an appropriations measure on the Senate floor in the near future.” Senator Barbara Mikulski, the senior Democrat on the panel, said lawmakers must act before July 1. “We are in a race against the clock, we are in a race with the mosquitoes and right now I would say that the mosquitoes are winning.” Zika was first detected in Brazil last year and linked to a spike in the birth defect microcephaly, a condition defined by unusually small heads that can hamper development, as well as the rare autoimmune disorder Guillain-Barre syndrome in adults. U.S. health officials say local outbreaks are possible in the continental United States once the weather warms, particularly in southern states such as Florida. But mosquitoes that carry the virus could spread further north. Cochran said it had been difficult to obtain the information necessary to thoroughly evaluate the Obama administration’s Zika funding request, a complaint also raised by Republicans in the House of Representatives.  Several senators, including Democrat Patty Murray and Republican Roy Blunt, are working on the proposal, Cochran said. Blunt told the panel that he and Murray were largely in agreement and he looked forward to working on the matter over the next few days. “I believe we are closing in on a number that is the right number,” he said, without elaborating. ",1
9839,House speaker cites progress on Puerto Rico debt bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday very good progress was being made on a bill to help Puerto Rico tackle its $70 billion debt, but gave no timetable on when the legislation would be advanced. “They’re working with the Treasury on technical details on how restructuring works right now. I think they’re making very good progress,” Ryan, a Republican, told reporters. He said he would leave the timing on advancing of the legislation to Rob Bishop, chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee. ",1
9840,Top House Democrat: Hopeful action on Puerto Rico bill comes next week,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi on Thursday said lawmakers were “working in a very cooperative way” to solve Puerto Rico’s debt crisis and would hopefully be closer to a solution by next week. “Hopefully, by the time we meet next week again we’re closer to a solution,” Pelosi told reporters. Speaking of discussions with the chamber’s Republican majority about a bill to help Puerto Rico deal with its $70 billion debt, she said: “I don’t see they’re dragging it out. I think this is a legitimate process on the part of the Republicans.” ",1
9841,Nearly half Australians shrink at prospect of President Trump: poll,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Nearly half Australian adults would support their country distancing itself from the United States if Donald Trump became U.S. president, a poll suggests, as the New York billionaire tightens his grip on the Republican nomination race. The telephone poll of 1,202 Australian adults found that 45 percent believed the country should distance itself from the U.S. “if it elects a president like Donald Trump”, said researcher the Lowy Institute, which commissioned the research. Just 51 percent of Australians believed the country should remain close to the United States regardless of who became president in the Nov. 8 election, the lowest level of support in a generation. “By allying ourselves with the United States ... we contribute to global security as well as our own,” said Lowy Institute executive director Michael Fullilove. “That nearly half of Australians would seek to move away from America in the event of a Trump victory says something quite disturbing about the GOP front runner.” Australia, New Zealand and the U.S. have been formal allies since signing the ANZUS treaty to protect the Pacific in 1951, and have been allies in most conflicts of the past century. Australia currently has troops in the Middle East to fight Islamic State alongside the United States. The poll by the Lowy Institute, an independent policy think tank based in Sydney, was conducted between Feb. 26 and March 15. It did not offer any insight into how Australians would want to distance themselves from the United States, nor did it specify a Donald Trump presidency - merely “a person like Donald Trump” becoming president. But Australia’s sentiment towards the United States under  Trump is weaker than it was under President George W. Bush in 2007, several years into the unpopular Iraq war. In what was considered a dip, 63 percent of Australians regarded the country’s alliance with the United States then as important to Australia’s security, Lowy said. Just a year ago, 80 percent of Australians said the alliance with the United States was either “very” or “fairly” important, Lowy said. ",1
9842,"Japan Inc sees damaged security, less U.S. trade in Trump presidency: Reuters poll","TOKYO (Reuters) - Most Japanese firms think a Donald Trump presidency would harm the Japan-U.S. security alliance and make the United States a less attractive place to invest, a Reuters poll showed, in a further sign of international angst about his candidacy. The Republican frontrunner, known for his unpredictable style and fiery rhetoric, would also cause bilateral trade to shrink if he became president, a majority of respondents said. Portraying Japan as a free-rider on security, Trump has suggested that the U.S. ally might need nuclear weapons to ease U.S. financial commitment to its defense - anathema to the only country ever attacked by atomic bombs. Trump has also said he might withdraw U.S. troops from Japan unless it pays more to feed and house the 50,000 it hosts, and he has accused Japan of stealing U.S. jobs. His comments have only fueled simmering worries amongst some Japanese in recent years about whether Washington would defend Tokyo in a crisis under their alliance - the lynchpin of Japan’s security policy for decades. The Reuters Corporate Survey, conducted April 1-15, found 78 percent of firms thought Japan’s security environment would deteriorate under Trump. The remainder said it would not change much. Not one firm thought it would improve. The monthly poll surveyed 510 big and mid-size firms. Around 230 answered questions on the U.S. presidential race. In written comments, companies voiced concerns that uncertainty would grow over U.S. diplomacy and that protectionism would rise, with some saying a President Trump would embolden China as it struggles to exert its influence in the South China Sea and other parts of Asia. “It is very easy to imagine China taking advantage of the power vacuum to step up military operations in the region,” wrote a manager at an electronics maker.      In particular, Tokyo and Beijing have long been at odds over tiny islands claimed by both in the East China Sea. “We worry that geopolitical risk would heighten a lot and Sino-Japanese relations would be extremely strained, which could result in a very negative impact on the Japanese economy,” the manager added. Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks did not respond to requests for comment. While the possibility of a President Trump has triggered alarm among some foreign diplomats, economists and business executives, he has moved closer to the Republican nomination after winning a commanding victory in New York state’s presidential nominating contests on Tuesday. Some respondents to the survey said, however, that they see Trump’s comments as mere posturing and did not expect any real change in policy even if he won the Nov. 8 election. Managers answered on condition of anonymity in the survey which was conducted for Reuters by Nikkei Research. Around 55 percent of firms said that Trump would be bad for business in the United States, that Japanese corporate appetite for investing in the U.S. would wane, and that trade between the two countries would decline. The amount of Japan-U.S. trade has grown by about a quarter in the past two decades to be worth around $215 billion, accounting for 15 percent of Japan’s overall trade. The United States is Japan’s No. 2 trading partner after China, while Japan is the United States’ fourth-largest trading partner. In contrast to Trump, more than 80 percent of Japanese firms believe Democratic Party frontrunner Hillary Clinton would keep a steady hand on economic relations and maintain the status quo on security. The White House has described Trump’s suggestions on Japan adopting nuclear arms as destabilizing. Representatives for Clinton did not respond to requests for comment. “She would adopt realistic policies. It would lack freshness and stage no surprise, which would be a relief to us,” wrote a manager at a construction firm. ($1 = 109.04 yen) ",1
9843,Kansas governor eyes tobacco bonds for budget fix,"(Reuters) - Kansas Governor Sam Brownback offered options on Wednesday for dealing with sinking revenue for the state’s current and next budgets, including the sale of tobacco bonds. With the fiscal 2016 revenue estimated to drop by nearly $94 million and fiscal 2017 revenue expected to be $134.7 million less than previously projected, the Republican governor said Kansas could raise about $158 million through its first sale of bonds backed by its share of a 1998 multi-state settlement with U.S. tobacco companies. Several states and local governments have sold tobacco bonds with some using the proceeds as a one-time boost for their sagging budgets. Brownback said he would also divert $185 million in sales tax revenue slated for the highway fund to the fiscal 2016 and 2017 general fund and continue a 3 percent university funding cut into fiscal 2017. A second budget-balancing option outlined by the governor would delay a fiscal 2016 fourth quarter pension payment until fiscal 2018 instead of selling tobacco bonds. A third option calls for a 3 percent to 5 percent spending cut for most state agencies in the coming fiscal year. “I am prepared to take executive action to help reduce expenditures, however, the legislature has a constitutional obligation to balance the budget and we are hopeful they will work with us on one of the three options..,” Brownback said in a statement. He added that he does not support a tax hike to patch up the budget.  The Kansas budget is feeling the effects from action taken by Brownback and the Republican-controlled legislature to cut corporate and other income taxes to help the state compete with bordering Missouri and other states for business development and jobs.  Kansas’ fiscal year begins July 1.  ",1
9844,"Obama, Saudi king discuss strained alliance, Middle East conflicts","RIYADH (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama met Saudi Arabia’s King Salman on Wednesday to seek joint action on security threats including Iran and Islamic State - and to talk through tensions between the two allies that have been laid bare in recent weeks. Obama’s fourth and likely last visit to the world’s top oil exporter has been overshadowed by Gulf Arab exasperation with his approach to the region, and doubts about Washington’s commitment to their security. Most of the Gulf Arab monarchies have in private been sorely disappointed by Obama’s presidency, regarding it as a period in which the United States has pulled back from the region, giving more space to their arch rival Iran to expand its influence.  Obama met for two hours with Salman and a group of top princes and officials at the opulent Erga palace, a meeting that had been forecast to be awkward. Obama was recently quoted in a U.S. magazine interview commenting on the “complicated” nature of the U.S.-Saudi relationship, and describing some some Gulf and European states as “free riders” who called for U.S. action without doing enough themselves. The White House said the leaders exchanged views on a series of regional conflicts where the allies disagree, and also explored U.S. concerns about Saudi human rights issues.     “The two leaders reaffirmed the historic friendship and deep strategic partnership between the United States and Saudi Arabia,” the White House said in a statement. Obama has spoken of his desire to persuade Gulf states to arrive at a “cold peace” with Iran that would douse sectarian tensions and allow all sides to focus on what he sees as a greater threat emanating from Islamic State. “More broadly, the president and King discussed the challenges posed by Iran’s provocative activities in the region, agreeing on the importance of an inclusive approach to de-escalating regional conflicts,” the White House said. Obama praised the king’s pledge of humanitarian aid to Yemen after a Saudi-led military campaign against the Iran-backed Houthi group - and talked about the need to help parts of Iraq hit hard by Islamic State fighting. They also talked about the need to reinforce a cessation of hostilities between Syrian government and opposition forces, and their support for a political transition in the war-torn country, the White House said. The White House did not say whether the leaders had discussed a bill proposed in the U.S. Congress that, if passed, could hold the kingdom responsible for any role in al Qaeda’s Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. The attack was mounted by al Qaeda, then based in Afghanistan. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers were Saudi nationals, although no U.S. investigation to date has reported finding evidence of Saudi government support for the attacks. Obama has said he opposes the bill because it could expose the United States to lawsuits from citizens of other countries.  LOW-KEY ARRIVAL Obama arrived too late for the pomp of a televised official welcome for Gulf rulers at the airport, making a low-key entrance before being whisked off by helicopter to the palace. He later met privately at his hotel with Abu Dhabi’s crown prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahayan and discussed the need to find a political settlement for the Yemen conflict, and to head off the “actions of potential spoilers” for Libya’s nascent government. Earlier, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter had talks with his Gulf Arab counterparts on ways of countering Iranian influence and fighting the Islamic State group.  They agreed on joint cooperation towards improving Gulf missile defense, special forces and maritime security, but no new deals were announced.  The GCC secretary general said the bloc and the United States would stage joint maritime patrols to stop weapons smuggling to Iran. American officials said these were already taking place and did not represent a new step.          On Thursday, Obama will attend a summit of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), a group of monarchies comprising Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Oman. Apart from Oman, they are ruled by Sunni Muslim dynasties who see revolutionary, Shi’ite Iran as a threat to their security and say its involvement in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and Yemen has fueled conflict and deepened sectarian divisions. That tension surfaced again on Wednesday when Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamanei attacked Riyadh’s attempts to isolate its ally, Lebanon’s Hezbollah movement, in a series of fiery Tweets.  “Hezbollah is shining in the Muslim world. It doesn’t matter if a corrupt, dependent and hollow government with the use of petrodollars condemns it in a statement. To hell with it,” he wrote. The White House shares the view of Gulf Arab states that Tehran plays a destabilizing role, but its push for the nuclear deal Iran agreed with world powers last year caused fears in Riyadh that Washington was not listening to their concerns. ",1
9845,"Regional crises, not human rights, to dominate Obama-Gulf talks","RIYADH (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama aired his human rights concerns with Saudi Arabia’s King Salman on Wednesday, but his talking points on that subject are expected to be get less attention when he meets Gulf Arab monarchs on Thursday. Activists have urged the American leader to push Saudi Arabia over its human rights record, but the region’s many geopolitical crises are likely to dominate a summit already overshadowed by strained ties between Washington and the Gulf. The president, who arrived on Wednesday, hopes to allay Gulf countries’ fears over Iranian influence and encourage them to try to douse sectarian tensions in the region in an effort to confront the threat posed by Islamic State.      Most of the Gulf Arab monarchies have in private been sorely disappointed by Obama’s presidency, regarding it as a period in which the United States has pulled back from the region, leaving space for their archrival Iran to expand its influence.  Human rights have not figured high on the list of issues straining the relationship. But Saudi Arabia has increasingly chafed at what it sees as a campaign of vilification by Western media, think tanks and rights groups.  Rob Malley, Obama’s adviser on the Middle East, said rights issues would be raised, and deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes met human rights advocates at the White House just before the Riyadh visit to hear their concerns. During a two-hour meeting on Wednesday with the Saudi king and a group of top princes, Obama expressed his broad concerns about human rights issues, the White House said, without listing specific cases. But early signs were that disagreements over human rights would be relegated to the margins of Thursday’s talks.  Obama has spoken of his desire to persuade Gulf states to arrive at a “cold peace” with Iran to ease sectarian tensions and allow all sides to focus on what he sees as a greater threat emanating from Islamic State. On Thursday, he will attend a summit of the Gulf Cooperation Council, which groups the monarchical states of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Oman. Apart from Oman, they are ruled by Sunni Muslim dynasties that see revolutionary, Shi’ite Iran as a threat to their security and say its involvement in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and Yemen has fueled conflict and deepened sectarian divisions.  The White House shares the view of Gulf Arab states that Tehran plays a destabilizing role. But its willingness to enter a nuclear deal between Iran and world powers last year caused fears in Riyadh that Washington was not listening to Gulf Arab concerns.  Riyadh has come under fire in Western countries for its restrictions on women, suppression of freedom of expression,  strict blasphemy rules and a judicial system that applies Islamic law and frequently beheads convicts.  Rights groups are also pushing for Obama to press Saudi Arabia to end the war in Yemen, for which peace talks are due to take place in Kuwait this week, and where air strikes by a Saudi-led coalition have killed many civilians.  “I urge you to take this final opportunity to speak out publicly on human rights issues inside the (Saudi) Kingdom,”  Elisa Massimino, president of Human Rights First, a U.S. monitoring and activist group, wrote in an open letter.  Saudi Arabia has said other countries should not interfere in its domestic affairs by criticizing its human rights record. It insists its Islamic legal system is its own business and that its courts are fair and independent.  It says the war in Yemen was in support of its internationally recognized government and aimed at restoring stability. It says it has taken great care to avoid civilian casualties.  ",1
9846,Trump tightens grip on U.S. Republican nomination,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Front-runner Donald Trump showed signs of tightening his grip on the Republican U.S. presidential nomination on Wednesday when chief rival Ted Cruz acknowledged his own only hope of wresting control is a contested convention. Trump delivered a crushing defeat of Cruz in Tuesday’s New York Republican nominating contest while Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton broke rival Bernie Sanders’ string of state victories with a definitive win of her own. Rebounding from a defeat in Wisconsin two weeks ago, Trump set himself up for another big night on April 26, when the Northeast U.S. states of Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Delaware, and Maryland hold primaries. “Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race,” Trump tweeted on Wednesday. “Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!” Trump, 69, predicted some “amazing weeks” ahead for his campaign. Cruz, at a news conference on the sidelines of a Republican National Committee meeting in Hollywood, Florida, said neither he nor Trump will amass the 1,237 delegates needed to win the nomination without a contested convention in Cleveland starting on July 18. “What is clear today is that we are headed toward a contested convention. Nobody is able to reach 1,237. I’m not going to reach 1,237, and Donald Trump is not going to reach 1,237,” said Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas. New York boosted Trump’s delegate tally to 845, while Cruz has 559 and Kasich 147, according to the Associated Press. Next Tuesday’s contests offer 172 delegates for Republicans.  CLINTON LEADS TRUMP -POLL If Trump, a New York billionaire, and Clinton, a former U.S. secretary of state, go on to secure their respective parties’ nominations, a Reuters/Ipsos national opinion poll shows Clinton with a sizeable lead if the Nov. 8 election were held today.   In the latest poll of likely general election voters, 45 percent said they would support Clinton while 35 percent would support Trump if the two were running against each other. The April 15-19 poll surveyed 1,334 people and had a credibility interval of 3.1 percentage points. A former reality TV star, Trump has adopted a more measured tone in recent days and appears to be trying to heal wounds inflicted by a campaign that has alarmed many in the Republican establishment. He sent campaign advisers to the party meeting in Florida that began on Wednesday. “There’s only two issues left for Republicans: Will Trump get 50 percent of the delegates prior to Cleveland, and if not, how close will he be? New York gives him a nice boost, but it will take weeks before we know the answer,” said Ari Fleischer, who was White House spokesman under President George W. Bush.  Cruz, 45, came in third in New York. Ohio Governor John Kasich, 63, a long-shot candidate, sought to use his second-place showing in New York as proof he is emerging as Trump’s central challenger. Trump won at least 89 delegates in New York, while Kasich got at least three, according to the AP. Cruz did not win any, prompting Trump adviser Sarah Huckabee Sanders to urge him on CNN on Wednesday to “get out of the way” once the math of delegate counts makes it impossible for him to prevail. The win by Clinton, 68, makes it nearly impossible for Sanders, 74, to overtake her commanding lead in delegates needed to secure the nomination. Clinton clinched at least 175 out of 291 New York delegates, while Sanders won at least 106, according to the AP. A U.S. senator from Vermont, Sanders has vowed to fight until the Democrats’ nominating convention in Philadelphia starting on July 25. Democratic strategist Jim Manley said Clinton has the delicate task of trying to attract Sanders supporters drawn to his leftist campaign promises, while switching focus to the task of beating the eventual Republican nominee. “She runs a risk. If she goes too far to the left she’s going to upset independents and others that she’s going to need in the general,” Manley said.    ",1
9847,Pot legalization group says to meet White House officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Activists in a group supporting marijuana legalization said on Wednesday that White House officials had invited them to a meeting next week to talk about issues surrounding the substance. “I hope to establish an ongoing dialogue with the White House and cannabis reformers,” said Adam Eidinger, co-founder of the DCMJ activist group.  “This meeting is hopefully the beginning of many meetings where the White House will make reforms before this administration’s time ends,” said Eidinger, who has led efforts to legalize pot in the nation’s capital.   The White House had no immediate comment. President Barack Obama’s final term ends in January.  DCMJ had written to Obama, his senior adviser Valerie Jarrett, and other White House officials asking for a meeting. A source at the group said the meeting on Monday would be held with officials from the White House’s Office of Public Engagement, but he did not know exactly what marijuana issues they wanted to discuss.  The group wants the federal government to remove marijuana from the so-called list of Schedule One drugs that includes substances like heroin and cocaine. Activists say many Americans, especially blacks and Latinos, are needlessly jailed and medical research into cannabis is delayed because of the 1970 Controlled Substances Act that initiated the listing. It was signed into law by former President Richard Nixon. Obama has long said he supports decriminalizing marijuana but not legalizing it. He has called for reform of the criminal justice system for disproportionately incarcerating African-Americans for non-violent drug offenses like possession. Last year, Obama, who has been open about smoking pot in high school, said young people should care more about issues like climate change than legalizing the substance.  ",1
9848,Republican establishment warms to Trump after big New York win,"HOLLYWOOD, Fla. (Reuters) - U.S. Republican officials began meeting on Wednesday, a day after Donald Trump’s crushing victory in a New York presidential nominating contest, and said he has been winning growing acceptance within their ranks - but they want to see the billionaire do more to mend fences with the party establishment. Trump, the front-runner to become the Republican presidential candidate in November’s election, was the focus for the party’s spring meeting of 168 Republican National Committee (RNC) members in Hollywood, Florida. The three-day conclave at an oceanside resort will take stock of the race for the White House and prepare for a possible contested convention in July in Cleveland. The New York real estate mogul’s win Tuesday in his home state over rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich was an important milestone for RNC members, who said it could put him on a pathway to acquire the 1,237 delegates needed to win the nomination outright without a contested convention.  “There are a fair number of RNC members who were discounting his chances of success when we met in January and now see that he’s building a substantial lead and may in fact get to 1,237 before we get to the convention,” said Steve Duprey, an RNC member from New Hampshire. “The New York results were such an overwhelming win,” Duprey said. “It’s impressive. That’s what I’ve heard people talking about.” RNC members said Trump could help improve the climate by taking steps to end the bad blood that has developed between him and the committee’s leadership, including RNC Chairman Reince Priebus. Trump has said that Cruz’s harvest of delegates in Colorado, where rank-and-file Republicans did not vote or caucus, showed that the party’s nominating process is “rigged.” He has wondered whether Priebus, who is popular with the RNC ranks, should continue in his job if Trump is the nominee. “I think it’s time for that rhetoric to end,” said Jeff Essmann, chairman of the Montana Republican Party. Bob Kapel, the RNC member representing Washington, D.C., noted that Trump had toned down his rhetoric in his New York victory speech on Tuesday night, and said he would like to see that continue. Kapel is a delegate for former candidate Marco Rubio and now backs Ohio Governor John Kasich. Nevertheless, Kapel said of Trump and the Republicans: “We’re about winning the White House. Obviously, I have issues with him, but our nominee will be our nominee.” South Carolina Republican Party Chairman Matt Moore said Trump’s recent hiring of Rick Wiley, a Republican veteran who was former presidential candidate Scott Walker’s campaign manager, was a good sign. “It’s a positive signal despite a lack of general outreach over the past year, and I think the Trump campaign, for all the bluster, recognizes that the RNC will be an integral partner if he is the nominee and it’ll be almost impossible to win the presidency without the RNC as a partner,” Moore said. In a good sign for Trump, there appeared to be no significant move by the Republican leadership, at least at this meeting, to change the rules governing the convention. There has been talk of rewriting the rules in a way that could benefit an establishment-backed candidate like Kasich. Trump, Cruz and Kasich all sent envoys to the meeting to explain their pathways to the nomination. A source familiar with the situation said Wiley and other Trump representatives were meeting with Republican officials from the five Northeastern states that will hold primary elections next Tuesday: Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Maryland. Cruz’s campaign manager, Jeff Roe, held a closed-door briefing with RNC members to explain how Cruz would be a better Republican nominee than Trump, saying the U.S. senator from Texas would energize the party’s grassroots supporters. Roe dismissed talk that Cruz might now be in trouble. Cruz’s pathway to the nomination is now almost entirely dependent on forcing a contested convention and winning the nomination on the second or third ballot. “There’s going to be ebbs and flows to this campaign,” Roe told reporters. “This campaign is going through (the last primary elections on June 7 and likely to the convention.” ",1
9849,Trump leans toward replacing Fed chief if he wins White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump would be inclined to replace Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen if he wins the White House despite supporting the U.S. central bank’s efforts to keep interest rates low, he told Fortune magazine. “I think she’s done a serviceable job,” Trump said in an interview published late on Tuesday, as the billionaire real estate mogul moved a step closer to becoming his party’s nominee with a resounding win in New York state’s Republican nominating contest.  “I don’t want to comment on reappointment, but I would be more inclined to put other people in.” Yellen was nominated for the top Fed job by Democratic President Barack Obama, and began her four-year term in February 2014. Nominees need Senate approval, after which they are protected from political interference until their terms expire. In his interview, Trump said he “absolutely” backed efforts to diminish the Fed’s power and allow Congress to launch so-called “audits,” or outside reviews, of its policy decisions. He also backed away from his pledge to erase the more than $19 trillion in U.S. debt in eight years. Representatives for the Fed declined to comment on the report.  Were Yellen to step down in 2018 after only one term, it would be the shortest Fed chairmanship since 1979. Since then, Fed chairs from Paul Volcker to Alan Greenspan to Ben Bernanke, Yellen’s predecessor, were reappointed by at least one incoming U.S. president.  Trump said he favored the low interest rate environment and that raising rates would be a blow to the U.S. economy. Trump had accused the Fed in November of keeping rates low to help Obama, an assertion the White House rejected. “The best thing we have going for us is that interest rates are so low,” the New York billionaire businessman told Fortune.  “If rates are 3 percent or 4 percent or whatever, you start adding that kind of number to an already reasonably crippled economy in terms of what we produce, that number is a very scary number,” Trump added. The Fed cut its key overnight lending rate to near zero in late 2008 and kept it there for the next seven years to help the economy recover from the financial crisis. It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point last December, its first hike in nearly a decade. Trump told Fortune he would take advantage of lower rates to refinance the country’s debt and boost government spending on infrastructure and the military. The magazine will publish a full transcript of the interview later this week.  He moved away from comments he made to the Washington Post earlier this month pledging to eliminate the national debt “over a period of eight years.” Instead, Trump told Fortune he could tackle a portion of it. “You could pay off a percentage of it, depending on how aggressive you want to be,” he said. “I’d rather not be all that aggressive. I’d rather not have debt, but we’re stuck with it.”  Trump’s main Republican rival, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, has said he would audit the Fed and move it to a rules-based monetary policy. Other U.S. presidential candidates, including Democrat Bernie Sanders, have also pledged to change the Fed. ",1
9850,"Obama, Saudi king discuss U.S.-Saudi ties, conflicts: White House","RIYADH (Reuters) - President Barack Obama and Saudi Arabia’s King Salman discussed the ties between their nations during a two-hour long meeting on Wednesday, a conversation that touched on conflicts around the Middle East and U.S. concerns about human rights in the kingdom. “The two leaders reaffirmed the historic friendship and deep strategic partnership between the United States and Saudi Arabia,” the White House said in a statement, noting the leaders discussed Yemen, Syria, Iraq and Lebanon, among other issues. ",1
9851,Lawmakers may ask Air Force to look at restarting F-22 production,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional committee is planning to ask the Air Force to assess the cost and feasibility of restarting production of Lockheed Martin Corp’s F-22 fighter jet in the face of greater security threats around the world. The radar-evading jets formally entered service in December 2005, but then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates canceled the program in 2009 amid efforts to control Pentagon spending and orient the department toward the wars it was then fighting. Only 187 of the stealthy, high-tech jet fighters were produced, about a quarter of the 749 originally planned. The last was delivered to the Air Force in 2012. In its portion of the National Defense Authorization Act, the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces has included a provision directing the Air Force secretary to carry out a comprehensive study of the cost of resuming production of the F-22. Congressman Mike Turner, chairman of the subcommittee, said restarting production should be considered because of threats to U.S. air superiority. “As a result of our adversaries closing the technology gap, and increasing demand from allies and partners for high-performance, multi-role aircraft to meet evolving and worsening global security threats, the committee believes that the prospect of restarting the F-22 production line is worthy of further exploration,” Turner said in a statement on Wednesday. The committee is asking for the report by Jan. 1, 2017. Consideration of the NDAA, the annual defense policy bill, is still in its early stages. The defense bill must be approved by the House Armed Services Committee, the House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate before going to the president for his signature. Gates’ decision to halt the F-22 fighter jet sparked criticism from some lawmakers, but was ultimately upheld by Congress. Lawmakers argued that Air Force studies have shown the military needs more of the high-end fighters to be ready for conflicts with other major powers. The last four F-22 aircraft produced cost about $150 million each. In August, the United States said it would deploy F-22 fighter jets to Europe as a part of a broader effort to support eastern European members of the NATO alliance that have been unnerved by Russia’s intervention in Ukraine. The Air Force has also been using the aircraft to carry out attacks against Islamic State. ",1
9852,Oklahoma can consider PTSD in sentencing veterans under proposed law,"OKLAHOMA CITY (Reuters) - An Oklahoma bill that allows judges to take into consideration a diagnosis of PTSD for veterans unanimously passed the state Senate on Tuesday, adding to a series of U.S. laws seeking to address mental illness among military veterans. Oklahoma House Bill 2595 allows judges to take into account a diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) as a mitigating factor when sentencing veterans who have been diagnosed with the illness. The bill, which now goes to the governor for a decision on approval, follows similar measures in states including Alaska and California.  “This is neither a Democratic or Republican issue, but just something we should have for veterans,” said state Representative Richard Morrissette, a sponsor of the legislation and a Democrat in the Republican-dominated Oklahoma legislature. “We train men and women to defend our nation in combat and then we expect, upon their return to civilian life, the trauma experienced by these individuals to be erased from their psyche. That is an unreasonable and unfair expectation,” he said. State data shows that compared to other states, Oklahoma has a higher percentage of veterans who have been deployed in danger areas overseas. More than 63 percent of the Oklahoma National Guard was deployed as of 2014 to Iraq or Afghanistan, and more than a third were deployed multiple times, the data showed. According to the National Institutes of Health, the United States had 161 bills that dealt with PTSD in 2014 and 43 traumatic stress, non-PTSD bills.  In 2014, California allowed courts to consider PTSD, sexual trauma, traumatic brain injury or mental health problems as a mitigating factor in granting probation and treatment instead of jail time, it said. In 2014, Alaska passed the first law allowing judges to consider PTSD as a mitigating factor during the sentencing of veterans, it said. ",1
9853,"Obama, Abu Dhabi Crown Prince discuss Yemen, Libya conflicts","RIYADH (Reuters) - President Barack Obama and Abu Dhabi’s crown prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahayan discussed a series of regional conflicts in the Middle East in a private meeting ahead of a summit with Gulf leaders on Thursday, the White House said. Obama and the Crown Prince agreed on the need for a political settlement for the Yemen conflict, and the need to rally international support for Libya’s nascent government and to head off the “actions of potential spoilers” there, the White House said. (The story corrects headline to show it was Abu Dhabi Crown Prince, not UAE) ",1
9854,War of words with pope no issue for Trump backers: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"BOSTON (Reuters) - Support for Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump among his party’s church-going Catholics has risen since Pope Francis suggested the U.S. businessman was not a real Christian, a Reuters/Ipsos poll shows. Trump has averaged support among 47.9 percent of Catholic Republicans in the 50 days since the leader of the world’s 1.2 billion Roman Catholics made the comment on Feb. 18, up from 39.8 percent in the 50 days that preceded it. Their brief tiff is one of a series of controversies that have failed to dent the New York billionaire’s popularity, including his call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country, his insults to women, and his plans to wall off Mexico if elected president on Nov. 8. The Reuters/Ipsos poll of 1,117 church-going Catholic Republicans had a credibility interval of 4.8 percentage points. Asked about plans for a wall on the border with Mexico, the pope said in February: “A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian.” A papal spokesman later said the pontiff was “in no way” singling out Trump or trying to sway voters. The blunt candidate, after initially saying it was “disgraceful” for the pope to judge another’s faith in God, said Francis was “a nice man” who was probably misinterpreted by the media.  Catholics are a sizable U.S. voting bloc, comprising about a quarter of the electorate, says Georgetown University’s Center for Applied Research in the Apostolate. Catholics nearly evenly split their presidential votes between Republicans and Democrats, according to a Pew Research Center analysis.  Part of the increase in Trump’s support among Catholics is likely related to the dwindling number of Republican White House candidates, a field that has dropped from 12 in January to three - the Presbyterian Trump, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, a Southern Baptist, and Ohio Governor John Kasich, an Anglican. But Mark Gray, a senior research associate at Georgetown, said the results also showed that Catholics who heard the pope’s message about Trump were not swayed. “Many Catholics probably felt that the pope’s comments were not a directive on how they should vote or who they should support, and still others may never have been aware of the pope’s comments to begin with,” he said. While opinion polls have shown few U.S. Catholics think it necessary to agree with the pope on every issue to be a faithful Church member, a Washington Post-ABC poll last September showed the pope had an 86 percent favorability rating. Father William Paul McKane, a Catholic priest in rural Montana who supports Trump, said he felt the pope’s comments had backfired with his flock. “I call it paradoxical, to put it gently, that the pope said that, when he lives behind walls that are about 40 feet high and 40 feet across,” he said, referring to the walls around Vatican City. “That comment hurt his credibility with my parishioners.” McKane said he appreciates Trump’s speaking plainly about issues like security and the economy - issues he said were in line with Christian values of protecting the innocent - even if he dislikes some of the candidate’s more fiery comments. “Trump’s verbiage does not sound compassionate,” McKane said. “I don’t hold him up as a paragon of Christian virtue, but I’m not looking for that in a candidate. I’m looking for someone who is prudent and can make good political decisions.” While support for Trump among ordinary Catholic Republicans is high - roughly equal to that among Republicans as a whole - the small sums of money flowing to the candidates from Christian priests, bishops, pastors and other clergy of all denominations tend to favor the evangelical Cruz. Cruz received $155,500 in contributions from about 380 members of the Christian clergy who each gave above the $200 reporting threshold through February, compared with about $700 from 10 people for Trump and $3,500 from nine people for Kasich. McKane is the only contributor listed in Trump’s campaign finance disclosures who identified himself as a Catholic priest, based on a Reuters review. On the Democratic side, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont - the only Jewish candidate - has received some $85,400 from about 280 people ordained for religious duty in the church, compared with about $192,500 from about 250 individuals for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.     Clinton polls much better among church-going Catholic Democrats, with 67.8 percent support, compared to Sanders’ 29.3 percent, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling, despite Sanders’ bid to liken his view to the pope’s, especially on wealth inequality and climate change. Sanders and the pope met briefly on Saturday at the Vatican, where Sanders addressed a conference on social justice.  ",1
9855,U.S. lawmaker wants hearing on bill to curb shell company abuse,"(Reuters) - A U.S. lawmaker has called for a congressional committee to hold a hearing on legislation that would make it easier for law enforcement to identify legal owners of shell companies to curb future abuse. Rep. Carolyn Maloney, a New York Democrat, made the request in a letter dated April 20 to House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, a Republican from Texas.  The letter, seen by Reuters, came weeks after the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists worked with media outlets including The Guardian and BBC to report on 11.5 million leaked documents from Panama law firm Mossack Fonseca.  The documents contained information on about 214,000 offshore companies and showed how individuals and corporations were able to hide assets and avoid taxes. The documents have come to be known as the Panama Papers. Maloney wrote in a letter that data from the leak also “highlight the ease with which criminals and corrupt officials can use anonymous shell companies to hide assets from law enforcement.”  A spokeswoman for Rep. Hensarling did not respond to a request for comment. “It is important to remember that for individuals and companies that have been blacklisted by the U.S. government, anonymous shell companies are one of the only ways for them to effectively move their money around the world - money that is often associated with corruption, drug trafficking, and even terrorist activity,” Maloney said in the letter. In February, Maloney and Rep. Peter King, a New York Republican, reintroduced legislation that would require the U.S. Treasury Department to collect information about owners of shell companies, in the event that states are not already doing so. Another version of the bill, sponsored by Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, a Rhode Island Democrat, would require states to identify and collect information about legal owners of companies formed through state laws. In an April 14 letter to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican from Kentucky, Whitehouse also called for a hearing. Neither Maloney nor the Whitehouse have authority to schedule hearings. Earlier versions have been circulating in Congress since at least 2008 when then-Senator Carl Levin, a Democrat from Michigan, sought to crack down on shell company abuse in states with liberal incorporation laws. States have fiercely opposed efforts that would require them to collect identifying information, calling for the Internal Revenue Service to do so instead, among other alternatives. Separately, the Treasury Department inched closer on Friday toward finalizing a rule requiring banks to identify legal owners of shell companies. ",1
9856,'Reality' of 9/11 report less damaging than rumors: U.S. Democrat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee called on Wednesday for the release of part of a government report on the Sept. 11 attacks, saying this would diminish speculation that the 28 pages contained proof of Saudi involvement. “The release of these pages will not end debate over the issue, but it will quiet rumors over their contents,” Representative Adam Schiff, the intelligence panel’s ranking Democrat, said in a statement. “As is often the case, the reality is less damaging than the uncertainty.” The still-classified section of the official report on the 2001 attacks is central to a dispute over whether Americans should be able to sue the Saudi Arabian government for damages. The Office of the U.S. Director of National Intelligence is reviewing the material to see whether it can be declassified. Congressional aides said members of the House intelligence committee had seen the report. President Barack Obama, who was visiting Saudi Arabia on Wednesday, said he would not sign legislation making its way through Congress that would allow such lawsuits, if the Saudis were found to have any responsibility. Schiff has repeatedly called for the declassification of the 28-page report section. In his statement on Wednesday, he suggested the release of a redacted version to help address speculation that they contained proof of official Saudi government or senior Saudi officials’ involvement in the attacks. The 9/11 commission investigated those claims and never found sufficient evidence to support them, Schiff said. ",1
9857,"Senate passes bill to bolster power grid, speed LNG exports","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate passed the first broad energy bill in nine years on Wednesday, legislation containing modest measures popular with both Republicans and Democrats to modernize the power grid and speed the permitting process for liquefied natural gas exports.  The bill, which passed 85-12, attempts to protect the power grid from extreme weather events such as ice storms and hurricanes, and from cyber attacks. It also aims to spur innovations in storage of power from wind and solar energy. The House of Representatives passed a similar bill last year. The Energy Policy and Modernization Act would increase U.S. exports of liquefied natural gas (LNG), eventually helping to give European consumers alternatives to relying mainly on Russia for gas.    After disagreements held the bill up for months, senators last week dropped measures from the bill to aid Flint, Michigan overcome a drinking water crisis, in which children have been exposed to dangerous levels of lead, and on offshore drilling.   Lawmakers from both the House and Senate will next iron out differences over the bill. The Senate bill, for instance, requires the Department of Energy to issue a decision on LNG projects within 45 days of an environmental assessment, while the House bill directs the DOE to make the decision on permits after 30 days. Senator Maria Cantwell, a Democrat from Washington state who co-sponsored the bill, said shortly before it passed that she hoped the chambers would move quickly “so that we can realize the opportunity to help our businesses and consumers plan for the energy future.”  The White House has signaled that President Barack Obama would sign the Senate bill.  Energy policy analyst Kevin Book of ClearView Energy Partners said the chances the bill would be signed into law this year were about 65 percent, because the White House has had some differences with the House bill.  Charlie Riedl, the head of industry group the Center for Liquefied Natural Gas, said the vote was a “big step forward” and that certainty about the regulatory process is “crucial” for projects that cost billions of dollars to build.  Rob Cowin, director of government affairs at the Union of Concerned Scientists, a nonprofit group, said the bill falls “far short” of what is needed to promote wind and solar power, but is “better than doing nothing.” The Senate on Tuesday passed several amendments to the bill, including restricting most sales from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve when oil prices are low. ",1
9858,Supreme Court upholds Arizona legislative districts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court on Wednesday unanimously upheld the state legislative districts in Arizona drawn by an independent commission, rebuffing complaints that the electoral maps diminished the clout of Republican voters. The court, in its 8-0 ruling, said the commission that draws legislative boundaries did not violate the U.S. Constitution’s principle of “one person, one vote.” The case focused on state legislative districts drawn for the 2012 election based on 2010 census numbers. The challengers said the new districts favored Democrats over Republicans by packing Republican voters into certain districts in a way that would minimize their influence in neighboring districts while enhancing the sway of Democratic voters. In mapping out the state legislative districts, Arizona’s independent commission carries out a function that in most other states is handled by state legislators.  Writing for the court, liberal Justice Stephen Breyer said the deviations in numbers between district populations was not significant enough to be legally troubling, particularly as the state’s redistricting commission was trying to comply with the federal Voting Rights Act, which protects minority voters. The challengers “have not shown that it is more probable than not that illegitimate considerations were the predominant motivation behind the plan’s deviations from mathematically equal district populations,” Breyer wrote. A federal court in Arizona upheld the districts in a 2014 ruling, saying the commission had made a “good faith attempt” to comply with the Voting Rights Act. The group of Republican voters who brought the case then appealed the matter to the U.S. Supreme Court. The case was the second in as many years concerning Arizona’s independent commission. In June 2015, the court rejected another challenge to the commission’s role in drawing congressional districts. In that decision, the court found that the ballot initiative that set up the commission did not violate the U.S. Constitution’s requirement that state legislatures set U.S. House of Representatives district boundaries. Wednesday’s ruling was the second by the court this month touching upon the issue of “one person, one vote.” On April 4, the justices also ruled unanimously in a Texas case to uphold the method all 50 states use in drawing legislative districts by counting every resident and not just eligible voters. In that case, the justices rejected a conservative challenge that could have diminished the influence of urban Hispanics. The case is Harris v. Arizona Independent Redistricting Commission, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 14-232. ",1
9859,"Obama, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi to meet Wednesday evening - White House","RIYADH (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will meet with Abu Dhabi’s crown prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahayan on Wednesday at his Riyadh hotel ahead of a summit with Gulf leaders on Thursday, the White House said. The two leaders are set to discuss ways to “deepen cooperation” in the fight against Islamic State militants, as well as ways to “resolve regional conflicts,” the White House said. ",1
9860,Contested convention chances down after Trump takes NY: PredictIt,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The chances of a contested Republican presidential convention slid to their lowest in more than three weeks on Wednesday after Donald Trump swept to a critical victory in New York’s primary, according to PredictIt, an online market for placing bets on U.S. and world politics. With Trump netting most of the state’s 95 delegates and further solidifying his front-runner status, the probability of a contested, or brokered, Republican convention dropped to 50 percent Wednesday morning, down 2 points from Tuesday’s closing level, according to data from PredictIt, which is run by Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand.  That is the lowest level since March 28 and some 29 percentage points below its peak in early April, after rival Ted Cruz crushed Trump in the Wisconsin primary and went to win all 14 Wyoming delegates last weekend. Ohio Governor John Kasich, who came in second in New York, remains a long-shot candidate. Tuesday’s outcome in New York could provide a critical turning point for Trump’s momentum. In fact, the chances of his clinching the Republican nomination have been increasing steadily. By Wednesday morning, the probability reached 63 percent, after an early April slump to 36 percent. To win the nomination outright, Trump must line up 1,237 delegates before the Republican Party’s convention in July. If he fails to do so, party leaders may face the prospect of negotiating a compromise candidate there. The next test comes on April 26, when five northeastern states hold their primaries. ",1
9861,Apple refused China request for source code in last two years: lawyer,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Apple Inc (AAPL.O) has been asked by Chinese authorities within the last two years to hand over its source code but refused, the company’s top lawyer told lawmakers on Tuesday in response to U.S. law enforcement criticism of its stance on technology security. The congressional testimony highlighted an issue at the heart of a heated disagreement between Apple and the FBI over unlocking encrypted data from an iPhone linked to last December’s San Bernardino, California shootings - how much private technology companies should cooperate with governments. Law enforcement officials have attempted to portray Apple as possibly complicit in handing over information to China’s government for business reasons while refusing to cooperate with U.S. requests for access to private data in criminal cases. “I want to be very clear on this,” Apple general counsel Bruce Sewell told Tuesday’s hearing under oath. “We have not provided source code to the Chinese government.” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying, asked about the comments, said she did “not understand” details of the situation. She did not elaborate. China’s Public Security Ministry did not respond to a request for comment. Apple has previously denied the accusation as a “smear” originating from the U.S. Department of Justice’s effort to force Apple to help unlock the iPhone 5c used by one of the two  San Bernardino killers, who were inspired by Islamist militants. The claim resurfaced in the hearing called by a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee to examine potential common ground between law enforcement and the technology sector in the  encryption debate, though more than three hours of testimony yielded little clear agreement. Captain Charles Cohen, commander in the Indiana State Police, repeated the suggestion that Apple has quietly cooperated with Beijing, which strictly regulates technology in exchange for access to its market.  But when pressed by Representative Anna Eshoo, a California Democrat, for the source of that claim, Cohen only cited news reports. “That takes my breath away,” a visibly frustrated Eshoo said. “That is a huge allegation.” The Justice Department had argued in the San Bernardino case that it would be willing to demand Apple turn over source code that underlies its products, though at the time it only sought the company’s cooperation in writing new software that would disable the passcode protections on the phone. Technology and security experts have said that if the U.S. government was able to obtain Apple’s source code with a conventional court order, other governments would demand equal rights to do the same thing. After winning a court order in February, the Federal Bureau of Investigation dropped its case against Apple last month when it said it had found a third party entity to help investigators hack into the iPhone used by gunman Rizwan Farook. On Tuesday, Apple and the FBI were making a second appearance in Congress since March to testify over law enforcement access to encrypted devices, a decades-old dispute between Silicon Valley and Washington that gained renewed life from the San Bernardino case. While that standoff underscored national security concerns posed by advances in technology security, the growing use of strong default encryption on mobile devices and communications by criminal suspects is handicapping investigators’ ability to pursue routine cases, law enforcement officials told the hearing. Apple and other companies defend the technology as integral to protecting consumers. The FBI relies heavily on the “services and specialized skills that we can only get through the private industry, and that partnership is critical to our success,” testified FBI technology official Amy Hess. Separately, the tech advocacy group Electronic Frontier Foundation sued the Justice Department in San Francisco federal court on Tuesday, seeking to force the disclosure of any secret orders from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court that may have forced companies such as Apple or Google to decrypt communications.   Thomas Galati, chief of intelligence at the New York Police Department, said his investigators had been unable to open 67  Apple devices from October 2015 to March 2016. Those phones were implicated in 44 violent crimes 23 felonies, including 10 homicides, two rapes, and the shooting of an officer, Galati said. The government has redoubled its efforts to use the courts to force Apple’s cooperation in cracking encrypted iPhones by announcing plans to continue with an appeal in a New York drug case. The secrecy surrounding the method used on the San Bernardino phone has prompted criticism from security researchers who said Apple and others should be made aware of the flaw, in accordance with a White House vulnerabilities review process that favors disclosure. But Obama administration sources have told Reuters the group that helped unlock the device has sole ownership of the method, making it highly unlikely the technique would be disclosed by the government to Apple or anyone else. “I don’t think relying on a third party is a good model,”  Representative Diana DeGette of Colorado, the committee’s top Democrat, said at the hearing. ",1
9862,Senator Hatch raps House's Puerto Rico debt bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A high-ranking Republican senator on Tuesday dismissed as “not satisfactory” draft legislation aimed at addressing Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis before a looming debt default on May 1, deepening intraparty divisions on the complex rescue effort.      Orrin Hatch of Utah, who chairs the powerful Senate Finance Committee, told reporters that draft legislation introduced this month by the House Natural Resources Committee is “not satisfactory and it’s not going to work. And we’re not going to be able to pass it over here” in the Senate. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and fellow Republican leaders already were struggling to advance a bill to help Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory, deal with its crippling $70 billion debt. Their efforts have been complicated by opposition from some conservative lawmakers, even as they have been negotiating with the Obama administration over details.     Some conservative House Republicans, who want to protect creditors’ rights, have balked at an element of the bill that could allow Puerto Rico to cut repayments to creditors without their consent, a so-called cram-down debt restructuring.       Hatch, too, wants to protect creditors, but said the bill must include cram-down authority to ensure that more senior bondholders, like those holding Puerto Rico’s constitutionally backed public debt, are better protected.      “Let’s face it, you’ve got to protect the preferred creditors. If you don’t do that, I mean, you’re violating the rule of law to begin with,” Hatch said, adding that he is working on a different approach to the legislation.     The internal division showcases the complexity of the task facing lawmakers - to keep Puerto Rico’s economy intact, while also protecting the competing interests of 18 classes of bondholders owed money by the island.       In a brief interview with Reuters on Tuesday, House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Rob Bishop expressed confidence that once rank-and-file House Republicans familiarize themselves with his bill, it will gain momentum. He added that “bondholders and other players” were beginning to contact lawmakers to talk up the legislation.     Time is of the essence. Puerto Rico’s Government Development Bank owes creditors $422 million on May 1, a payment the island’s governor, Alejandro Garcia Padilla, has said it cannot afford. A default at GDB, the primary liquidity source for most of Puerto Rico’s public agencies, would be the island’s most significant default to date.     The bill would also create a federal board to oversee Puerto Rico’s finances, but legislators are debating how much power it should have.      Hatch on Tuesday said an oversight board would need “the power to resolve the problems.”     “If you don’t give them the power to do that, it’s just another bailout,” he said. “We’ll be back here two years from now.”    Hector Negroni, a prominent municipal finance investor, objects to the draft bill, saying it changes the rules under which debt was sold to investors and puts creditors at the bottom of the pile while ignoring the priority of payments.    That pivot will have a more adverse affect on the municipal bond market than any potential default in Puerto Rico, Negroni said on Saturday, in a panel discussion held by the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy in Washington.     “So we have a framework here which doesn’t help Puerto Rico, harms the state and local marketplaces by risking an expectation and change in the rules and raising borrowing costs,” he said. “So if it is not for Puerto Rico, and it is not for state and local governments, I’m not sure who this bill is for.”         Representative Steny Hoyer, the second-ranking House Democrat, told reporters on Tuesday that the bill is falling victim to intra-party divisions among Republicans. Hoyer said Republicans should collaborate with Democrats to advance a bill by next week that would need the support of only 40-50 of the House’s 246 Republicans.     That would be a dangerous political step for Speaker Ryan, however, because he would be turning his back on a majority of members of his own political party on a major piece of legislation during an election year.     For now, Republicans “seem to be at risk of not doing it at all,” Hoyer said, referring to a Puerto Rico debt relief bill. (The story is refiled to clarify that Negroni spoke on Saturday, not Friday, paragraph 15) ",1
9863,Senior U.S. lawmakers want India PM Modi to address U.S. Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The leaders of the U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee called on Tuesday for Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to address a joint meeting of Congress during a visit to Washington in June. “Given the depth of our relationship with India across a range of areas - defense, humanitarian and disaster relief, space cooperation, conservation and innovation - we believe this is an ideal opportunity for the Congress to hear directly from the prime minister,” Representatives Ed Royce, the Republican committee chairman, and Eliot Engel, the panel’s ranking Democrat, wrote to House Speaker Paul Ryan. The invitation would be a sharp turnaround for a leader who was once barred from the United States over massacres of Muslims. A spokeswoman for Ryan said she had no announcement at this time about whether Ryan would extend the invitation. Invitations to address the Senate and House are considered a great honor. There have been only two in the past year: Pope Francis, on Sept. 24, and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, on April 29, 2015. When Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party and its allies swept India’s elections in 2014, there initially were questions about whether he would qualify for a visa. President Barack Obama quickly dismissed the issue by inviting him to the White House when he called to congratulate him on his victory. In 2002, when Modi had just become Gujarat’s chief minister, more than 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, were killed in sectarian riots in the state. The administration of President George W. Bush denied Modi a visa in 2005 under a 1998 U.S. law barring entry to foreigners who have committed “particularly severe violations of religious freedom.” Modi denied any wrongdoing. India’s Supreme Court ruled in 2010 he had no case to answer. Washington sees its relationship with India as critical, partly to counterbalance China’s rising power. Obama has called it “one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century.” The letter to Ryan was also signed by Republican Representative George Holding and Democrat Ami Bera, the co-chairmen of the Congress Caucus on India and Indian Americans. ",1
9864,"On Oklahoma bombing anniversary, a pitch for Garland for Supreme Court","(Reuters) - Victim advocates and former prosecutors used the anniversary of the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing on Tuesday to lobby the U.S. Senate on behalf of U.S. Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland, who oversaw the prosecution of bomber Timothy McVeigh. The group, which also includes law enforcement officials, said in a letter to Senate leaders that Garland, a federal appeals court judge picked by President Barack Obama for the Supreme Court, is a man of “integrity and brilliance” who proved his mettle in obtaining the conviction of McVeigh. “Twenty years ago, the nation could not find a better lawyer to manage the investigation and prosecution of what was then the worst crime ever committed on American soil. Today, our nation could not find a better judge, nor a more honorable man, to join its highest court,” the group of 15 connected to Garland through the case said in the letter. It was the latest effort by Garland supporters to put pressure on the Republican-led Senate to act on his nomination to fill a vacancy created by the Feb. 13 death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. Republicans who control the Senate are refusing to advance the nomination, prompting Democrats to accuse them of obstructionism and of ignoring their constitutional obligations. Republicans insist the next president, to be elected on Nov. 8 and take office Jan. 20, fill the vacancy, hoping a Republican will win the White House and choose a conservative rather than the centrist Garland. McVeigh used a fuel and fertilizer bomb to turn Oklahoma City’s Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building into a tomb of rubble on April 19, 1995, killing 168 people.  More than 680 people were injured in the attack. McVeigh was later executed.  In the letter that included former Deputy Attorney General Jamie Gorelick, Garland’s boss at the time of the McVeigh trial, the group credited him with running an intricate and complex operation to secure a conviction that would stand up to any sort of appeal. “The pressure to get it right was unyielding – and Judge Garland’s support was critical. He was not just a supervisor; he was a mentor, a counselor, and a friend,” the letter said. In Oklahoma City on Tuesday, the remembrance ceremony was held in a church near the blast site and marked with prayers and 168 seconds of silence for the victims.  ",1
9865,"U.S. judge approves court, police accord for Ferguson, Missouri","(Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday approved an agreement between the U.S. Justice Department and Ferguson, Missouri, to reform the city’s police department, a pact prompted by the 2014 shooting of an unarmed black teenager that sparked violent protests. U.S. District Judge Catherine Perry of Missouri’s Eastern District approved the 129-page accord, which also outlines the revamping of the St. Louis suburb’s municipal law code. The Justice Department and Ferguson recognize “that the ability of a police department to protect the community it serves is only as strong as the relationship it has with that community,” the consent decree signed by Perry said. The agreement requires Ferguson police officers to undergo bias-awareness training and the department must implement an accountability system. The city also agreed that police must ensure that stop, search and arrest practices do not discriminate on the basis of race or other factors protected under law. The largely black community of Ferguson erupted into violent protests in 2014 after a grand jury chose not to indict white Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson in the fatal shooting of unarmed 18-year-old African-American Michael Brown. The city council in Ferguson approved the agreement in March after receiving assurances from the Justice Department that it would work with Ferguson to ensure it would not cripple city finances. A number of U.S. cities have entered into police reform pacts, including Seattle, Washington and Albuquerque, New Mexico. The decree came the day that a white St. Louis police officer shot and killed a black carjacking suspect about 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Ferguson. St. Louis Metropolitan Police Chief Sam Dotson told reporters the suspect pointed a gun at officers and one opened fire. No officers were injured and there was no dash camera in the police cruiser, he said. ",1
9866,UnitedHealth plans to exit Obamacare exchanges,"(Reuters) - U.S. health insurer UnitedHealth Group Inc on Tuesday said it would largely exit the Obamacare individual insurance market in 2017, citing expectations for mounting losses from the program. UnitedHealth is the largest U.S. health insurer and one of the biggest sellers of plans on the exchanges, which were created as part of President Barack Obama’s national healthcare law. UnitedHealth sells these plans in 34 states this year, up from 25 states last year. “Next year, we will remain in only a handful of states,” UnitedHealth CEO Stephen Hemsley said in prepared remarks as part of the company’s first-quarter earnings report.  The company warned investors late last year that it was losing money on the new plans and might exit the market. On Tuesday, the company raised its 2016 expectation for losses on the exchanges by $125 million to $650 million. UnitedHealth’s Hemsley said that the shorter term, higher risk profile of the new members, as well as the smaller than expected enrollment, suggested UnitedHealth could not offer plans on a sustained basis.  For the first quarter, United Health’s profit was better-than-expected and UnitedHealth shares rose 1.9 percent to $130.29 in early New York Stock Exchange trading.  Other health insurers including Aetna Inc and Anthem Inc are also large players on the exchanges. In recent months they said they will continue to sell exchange plans.  The company has 795,000 customers from the exchanges, more than half of them new to UnitedHealth, it said. It expects about 650,000 members by year end.  The government said in February that more than 12 million people had signed up for Obamacare-related insurance through HealthCare.gov or a state-based exchange as of Jan. 31. Previous government expectations had been for more than 20 million people. UnitedHealth raised its expectations for 2016 profit, in part because of a more favorable tax rate that also helped it beat Wall Street expectations for the first quarter. Lower sales and administrative costs and a decline in amortization of intangible assets also helped its first quarter results. On an adjusted basis the health insurer earned $1.81 per share, compared with Wall Street analyst expectations for earnings of $1.72 per share, according to ThomsonReuters I/B/E/S. Net profit rose to $1.61 billion, or $1.67 per share, from $1.41 billion or $1.46 per share, a year earlier.  The company now expects 2016 adjusted net earnings of $7.75-$7.95 per share, up 15 cents per share from its previous estimate.    ",1
9867,UnitedHealth's Obamacare exit adds pricing pressure on rivals,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - UnitedHealth Group Inc’s decision to exit most of its Obamacare health insurance exchanges next year means rivals will need to raise prices further to prop up an unprofitable business, healthcare analysts and policy experts said on Tuesday. The largest U.S. health insurer’s move would likely reduce consumer choices, particularly in states where UnitedHealth has been one of only a handful of players to offer insurance under President Barack Obama’s healthcare law, they said. Large pullbacks by providers like Anthem Inc and Aetna Inc are unlikely as they each await approval from the administration for proposed merger deals with smaller rivals, some analysts said. Spokespeople for Aetna and Anthem declined to comment on Tuesday. UnitedHealth is one of the biggest sellers of Obamacare plans, offering them in 34 states in 2016. The company warned in November that it was losing too much money on the business due to low enrollment and high service costs. On Tuesday, it said it would exit all but a handful of those markets. Many of the estimated 650,000 UnitedHealth plan members at the end of 2016 would need to find another insurer. “You will see significant rate increases for 2017 as the (health) plans try to figure out what is a premium at which (they) can make money,” said Caroline Pearson, senior vice president at research firm Avalere Health.  The government provides income-based tax credits to most exchange users, which would help soften the blow from any higher premiums, she said. “In terms of viability of the exchanges, I don’t think that this is going to affect that in the long term,” said Yevgeniy Feyman, deputy director of health policy at the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research. Even if other insurers decided to leave, he said, he could not envision the exchanges being so unprofitable that they ceased to work. A recent Kaiser Family Foundation study found UnitedHealth’s departure would leave only one insurer in 29 percent of the 1,855 counties where it offered health plans. The report found that if United had not participated in the exchanges in 2016, the national weighted average benchmark “silver” plan would have been about 1 percent higher in 2016. Republican lawmakers have repeatedly sought to repeal the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, which provides tax credits to help uninsured individuals buy medical coverage. They have said it creates unwarranted government intervention in personal healthcare and have warned that insurers would be left to cover sicker and older individuals. U.S. health insurers including Aetna and Anthem have also lost money on the exchanges, but have not said they would exit. The Obama administration estimates more than 12 million people signed up for private insurance on the exchanges for 2016. Insurers are in the midst of submitting proposed premium rates for 2017 ahead of mid-May deadlines set by state exchanges and insurance regulators. Aetna Chief Executive Officer Mark Bertolini has questioned whether the Obamacare business was sustainable, but said he was working with the government to improve it. Anthem CEO Joseph Swedish has said that the company was committed to the exchanges. “I would still be surprised if other major insurers followed United’s lead. United was in some sense in a category all its own,” Kaiser Family Foundation Senior Vice President Larry Levitt said.  Health plans sold to individual members represented a small part of UnitedHealth’s revenue compared to large-scale contracts with employers, while Aetna and Anthem both had substantial business serving individuals. Aetna and Anthem are undergoing a U.S. Department of Justice review of what would be an historic consolidation in the health insurance industry. Aetna has proposed buying rival Humana Inc, while Anthem has agreed to buy Cigna Corp. ",1
9868,U.S. House committee votes to smooth e-cigarette regulatory path,"(Reuters) - A U.S. House of Representatives committee on Tuesday approved an amendment to an agricultural funding bill that would make it easier for e-cigarettes to win regulatory clearance than currently proposed by the Food and Drug Administration. Under a proposed FDA rule, almost all e-cigarette and vapor products introduced after Feb. 15, 2007, would be required to meet regulatory standards that the industry considers excessively stringent. The House Appropriations Committee voted 31-19 on Tuesday in favor of easing the process. The amendment was offered by Republican Tom Cole of Oklahoma and Democrat Sanford Bishop of Georgia. A vote by the full House of Representatives on the spending bill has not yet been scheduled. “What happened today is a big boost of momentum for the industry,” said Arnaud Dumas de Rauly, treasurer of the Vapor Technology Association, which represents manufacturers and businesses. “We’re happy to have bipartisan co-sponsors because up until now we only had Republican buy-in. Now we have Democratic buy-in as well.” Public health advocates criticized the amendment, saying it benefits industry at the expense of public health.  The 2009 Tobacco Control Act allows a new tobacco product to be authorized for sale if it can be shown to be “substantially equivalent” to a product already on the market before February 15, 2007. If no such product exists, the new product must undergo a much more stringent review under the agency’s “premarket tobacco application” (PMTA) process. The vapor industry says almost all its products would be subject to PMTA review under the FDA’s proposal because only one e-cigarette was on the market in the United States before the grandfather date. Since then, some 100,000 new e-cigarette and vapor products have been introduced. Moving or invalidating that grandfather date would allow some or all of the products to act as “predicates” for future products, something public health advocates say would allow e-cigarettes and other tobacco products to escape a critical first-step review by the FDA. The American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network said in a statement changing the date would “make it easier for new products to stay on the market before it is determined whether they attract youth or otherwise harm public health.”     A premarket tobacco application requires a company to prove, with scientific data, that the new product will not harm the population as a whole. So far only one company, Stockholm-based Swedish Match AB, has cleared that bar. Last year the FDA authorized the sale of eight of its smokeless snus products. The FDA is expected soon to issue a final rule giving it authority for the first time to regulate e-cigarettes and vapor products, which generated $3.3 billion in U.S. sales last year. The agency already has authority to regulate cigarettes, smokeless tobacco and roll-you-own tobacco. The Tobacco Act gave it the option of extending its authority over other tobacco products after issuing a rule. ",1
9869,Senate's McConnell still looking at Saudi 9/11 lawsuit bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The majority leader of the U.S. Senate, Republican Mitch McConnell, said on Tuesday he was still considering a bill that would allow U.S. citizens to sue the Saudi Arabian government over the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks and had not set a date for debating the legislation. “I’m still looking at it,” McConnell told reporters. ",1
9870,Secret U.S. court issues first order for phone data under new law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The secretive U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court has issued its first order allowing the National Security Agency to collect telephone records under a new electronic spying law Congress passed last year. According to an order from the court posted Tuesday on a website operated by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the court issued the order on Dec. 31. The order, signed by FISC Chief Judge Thomas Hogan, said the court concluded that a surveillance application, apparently submitted by the NSA, met the requirements of the USA Freedom Act, which President Barack Obama signed last year. That law replaced an older one that allowed NSA to collect telephone “metadata” - records of American citizens’ and residents’ calls, including their origin and destination, when a call was placed and how long it lasted. However, U.S. intelligence officials have said the NSA did not collect the content of phone calls under this program and did not look at the data without some specific justification. Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden revealed classified details of the collection program in 2013, and last year, Congress and the Obama administration narrowed the government’s power to collect such domestic telephone metadata. Under the new law and revised procedures, the government no longer collects bulk telephone metadata, but must request targeted information from telecoms companies after obtaining authorization from the foreign intelligence court. The identities of the telecoms “providers” and the individuals or numbers whose metadata the NSA has targeted were redacted from the version of the court order released on Tuesday. Hogan says in the opinion that the government was seeking “the ongoing daily production of detailed call records relating to an authorized international terrorism investigation”, but does not offer further detail about the nature of the investigation. In his order, the judge accepts the argument that while the government was obliged to explain why targeting the telephone numbers of individuals is “relevant” to its investigation, it does not need to demonstrate the same relevance when examining numbers called from the initially targeted phones. The judge also said that although the new surveillance law requires government agencies to promptly destroy telephone metadata that it might have mistakenly collected on U.S. persons, they sometimes can retain such data for as long as six months if they have reason to believe it could provide evidence of a crime. ",1
9871,Kentucky's Republican governor calls for probe of Democratic predecessor,"LOUISVILLE (Reuters) - Kentucky’s Republican governor on Tuesday called for an investigation into how his Democratic predecessor awarded state contracts and solicited campaign contributions, opening a new round in the feud between the two political families. Governor Matt Bevin said he has asked for the hiring of a law firm to determine whether Steve Beshear’s administration coerced state employees into donating to political campaigns.  The call by Bevin comes just over a week after Beshear’s son Andy, Kentucky’s attorney general, sued Bevin in an effort to block funding cuts to public universities that he said are illegal.  Bevin on Tuesday said his administration also has concerns about contracts, some issued through a no-bid process, that may have rewarded family members of Beshear’s staff. The law firm would have the ability to subpoena witnesses and records, and work closely with the state inspector general, he said. “These discoveries ... raise questions that must be answered in an open and transparent way,” Bevin, who is the just second Republican elected to the state’s highest office since 1971, said at a press conference. “Only then will the citizens of the commonwealth begin to have confidence in their government.” Beshear, who was barred from seeking reelection due to term limits, strongly denied the charges in a Facebook post. “There was never any attempt to pressure employees to make political contributions, and we followed both the spirit and the letter of procurement laws,” he said, adding Bevin’s move was a “pathetic spectacle.” Andy Beshear said Bevin was not properly pursuing the issue. The attorney general said in a statement Tuesday that he agreed issues such as no-bid contracts should be scrutinized, including a pair awarded by Bevin’s administration.       “The governor is once again overstating his authority,” Beshear said, adding that the Kentucky Executive Branch Ethics Commission and not the cabinet was the appropriate agency for any such probe. Before taking office in December, Bevin called Steve Beshear’s appointment of his wife to an unpaid seat on the state horse park commission an “embarrassment.” Meanwhile, the former governor has launched a campaign against Bevin’s healthcare initiatives. ",1
9872,House leader wants review of 9/11 bill that would let Americans sue Saudis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan did not immediately endorse a Senate bill on Tuesday that would allow Americans to sue the government of Saudi Arabia over the Sept. 11 attacks, saying it should be reviewed to ensure it would not hurt diplomatic relations. With President Barack Obama traveling to Saudi Arabia  Tuesday, lawmakers have been discussing the “Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act,” which passed the Senate Judiciary Committee in January but has not been scheduled for debate in the full Senate or the House of Representatives. “I think we need to review it to make sure that we’re not making mistakes with our allies and that we’re not catching people in this that shouldn’t be caught up in this,” Ryan, a Republican, told reporters. Some U.S. citizens whose relatives were killed in the 2001 attacks want to be able to sue Saudi Arabia because most of the 19 hijackers were Saudi nationals. The al Qaeda militant group, then based in Afghanistan, was blamed and the United States and its allies invaded the country. No U.S. investigation to date has reported finding evidence of Saudi government support for the attacks. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Obama did not support the legislation and would not sign it. Obama will seek to reassure Gulf allies about Washington’s support on his trip. Some lawyers working with the Sept. 11 victims’ families have insisted that the bill would come up for a vote quickly and easily pass Congress. But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, said no vote has been scheduled. Senate aides said there was at least one Republican “hold” on the measure. “I’m still looking at it,” McConnell told reporters, calling the measure an “important” bill. Republican Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said lawmakers and the Obama administration were trying to resolve concerns about whether individuals should be able to sue foreign governments. “There are some sovereign immunity issues that need to be worked through,” Corker said. He declined to comment on whether he supported the legislation, because the bill has not been finalized. The New York Times reported on Friday that Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told U.S. lawmakers his country would be forced to sell up to $750 billion in U.S. assets in response to the bill if it passed. Several members of Congress and senior aides said they were unaware of any such threat, outside of the newspaper’s report. Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer, a lead bill sponsor said the Saudis had not talked to him about that threat. But he, and other senior Democrats said they wanted the bill to move ahead despite the White House’s objections. “If the Saudi government was complicit in terrorism, and a trial so determines, it would be a real deterrent to other governments not to be complicit in terrorism,” said Schumer, who represents New York, the state hardest hit in the attacks. Corker said he had been in close contact with the administration, but had not discussed the bill with Saudi officials for some time. Ryan said the bill did not come up while he was on a visit to Riyadh. Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee who supports the bill, said it was tied up  by State Department concerns about sovereign immunity. “I think Americans need some redress when they’re hurt.” ",1
9873,U.S. chief justice uses sign language as deaf lawyers sworn in,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In an historic first, U.S. Chief Justice John Roberts used sign language from the Supreme Court bench on Tuesday as he welcomed a dozen deaf and hard-of-hearing lawyers who took part in a ceremony authorizing them to argue cases before the court. The 12 members of Deaf and Hard of Hearing Bar Association were sworn in as members of the Supreme Court bar. After they were presented to the court for admission, Roberts signed in American Sign Language: “Your motion is granted.”Membership in the Supreme Court bar allows a lawyer to argue cases before the justices but most of its members never actually do so.  Roberts, appointed by Republican President George W. Bush in 2005, is believed to be the first U.S. chief justice to use sign language from the bench. It was also the first time members of the Deaf and Hard of Hearing Bar Association took part in a swearing-in ceremony at the court. The lawyers then stayed for oral arguments in two cases in the ornate courtroom, assisted by an interpreter standing in front of the mahogany bench where the eight justices sit. The lawyers were permitted to use an instant transcription service that was transmitted to electronic devices. Normally, no electronic devices are allowed in the courtroom. One of the attorneys, Teresa Curtin of the Weitz & Luxenberg law firm, said in a statement the event was aimed at encouraging more people with disabilities to embark on legal careers. When she began her law career in the late 1980s, there was only a handful of deaf lawyers in the United States, while now there are around 250, Curtin said. In 1982, a deaf lawyer, Michael Chatoff, argued a case before the Supreme Court, assisted by a real-time transcription system. That case concerned whether a school board was required to provide a deaf student with a sign-language interpreter. Chatoff lost the case in a 6-3 ruling.  ",1
9874,New York City watchdog decries 'irregularities' in primary voting,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York City official on Tuesday ordered an audit of the city’s election authorities, citing “deep concern over widespread reports of poll site problems and irregularities” as voters cast their ballots in the state’s primary election. New York Republicans and Democrats are holding presidential nominating contests for the Nov. 8 election. Delegate-rich New York, the fourth most populous U.S. state, is a big prize for the candidates. “There is nothing more sacred in our nation than the right to vote, yet election after election, reports come in of people who were inexplicably purged from the polls, told to vote at the wrong location or unable to get into their polling site,” city Comptroller Scott Stringer said. Stringer said his office had received reports of polling stations that failed to open on time and were unable to tell voters when they would be operational. A voter in the borough of Queens reported a broken machine and staff instructing voters to place their ballots in a “slot” for processing at a later time. In a letter to the New York City Board of Elections, the comptroller cited reports that polling staff were unable to operate voting machines, were giving out conflicting information and erroneously directing voters to alternate sites. Of particular concern, Stringer said, were allegations of widespread removal of eligible voters from registration rolls and incorrect party affiliations on voter records. Stringer said eligible Democratic voters in Brooklyn fell by 120,000 from November 2015 to April 2016 without explanation.   Board of Elections officials could not immediately be reached for comment. ",1
9875,"U.S., Iran discuss fulfilling nuclear deal pledges to Tehran","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif on Tuesday discussed ways of ensuring that last year’s historic nuclear deal between Tehran and world powers is implemented the way it was originally envisioned. “We agreed we’re both working at making sure that the ... nuclear agreement is implemented in exactly the way that it is meant to be and that all the parties to that agreement get the benefits that they are supposed to get out of the agreement,” Kerry told reporters at United Nations headquarters in New York. “We will meet again to sort of solidify what we talked about today,” he said, adding that he and Zarif would resume discussions in New York on Friday on the sidelines of a signing ceremony at the U.N. for the Paris climate agreement. Zarif said they discussed ways to “make sure that we will draw the benefits that Iran is entitled to from the implementation of the agreement.” Tehran’s top diplomat added that he and Kerry on Friday would discuss ways of getting their ideas into operation. Neither Kerry nor Zarif offered any details about the ideas they discussed. U.S. officials said on Monday that Kerry was expected to raise Tehran’s concerns over difficulties accessing the global financial system despite the lifting of some U.S. sanctions under the nuclear deal. Iran and six world powers clinched a historic nuclear agreement in July 2015, which allowed for the easing of some sanctions imposed by the United States, European Union and United Nations in return for Tehran curbing its nuclear program. Tehran has called on the United States to do more to remove obstacles to the banking sector so that businesses feel comfortable with investing in Iran without penalties. Current U.S. policy bars foreign banks from clearing dollar-based transactions with Iran through U.S. banks. But U.S. officials have said the Obama administration is considering ways in which non-U.S. companies could use the dollar in some business transactions with Iran. State Department spokesman John Kirby said on Monday that Kerry would also press Iran to use its influence over the Syrian government to end Syria’s five-year-old civil war.  Neither Kerry nor Zarif mentioned Syria. ",1
9876,"Washington, DC lawmakers finalize ban on public pot smoking","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Washington, D.C.’s city council on Tuesday permanently banned the smoking of marijuana in public or in clubs, a spokeswoman for Council Chairman Phil Mendelson said, voting 7-6 for a second time to approve the prohibition. The council had passed the measure in an initial vote early this month. Two months ago, the council voted unanimously to create atask force to study the licensing of marijuana clubs and endingthe ban on public consumption of pot. A law that took effect in February 2015 allows adults topossess small amounts of marijuana, and grow and consume it athome. The District bans the sale of marijuana, but public smoking has become common as arrests have dried up. The vote council earlier this year voted to let the ban expire but then reversed course under pressure from Mayor Muriel Bowser. Besides the District of Columbia, the states of Colorado,Washington, Oregon and Alaska have made the recreational use of pot lawful. It remains illegal under federal law. ",1
9877,U.S. justices weigh federal fraud claim over woman's death,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday struggled with the question of when federal contractors can be sued for defrauding the government in a case involving a 19-year-old Massachusetts woman who suffered a fatal 2009 seizure at a mental health facility. The parents of Yarushka Rivera claimed that Universal Health Services Inc, which owned the facility, provided “gravely inadequate treatment” and used “unsupervised and unqualified personnel.” Their lawsuit said King of Prussia, Pennsylvania-based Universal Health Services, one of the nation’s largest hospital operators, defrauded the government because it was receiving federal Medicaid funding to provide treatment to low-income people and failed to comply with all necessary requirements. Rivera died in October 2009 of a seizure after being treated at the mental health center in Lawrence, Massachusetts. Julio Escobar and his wife, Carmen Correa, filed suit against Universal Health Services in U.S. District Court in Boston in 2011. They said they had received information that more than 20 treatment providers at the Lawrence facility, including a nurse who prescribed medication to Rivera, were not properly licensed or supervised as required by state law and federal regulations.  The parents sued under the False Claims Act, which allows individuals to make claims that the federal government has been defrauded.  During the one-hour oral argument, liberal justices Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan signaled support for the parents’ fraud claims. Sotomayor said billing for services that were not carried out in full was like a government contractor providing the military “guns that don’t shoot.” Kagan similarly questioned whether the claim against Universal Health Services was any different than a failure by a federal contractor to provide the military boots that can be worn and food that can be eaten. Conservative Chief Justice John Roberts appeared more hostile to the fraud claim, saying companies should not necessarily be liable for fraud just because they do not follow every procedure. “That causes concern, of course, because there are thousands of pages of regulations under Medicaid or Medicare programs,”  Roberts said. Medicare provides healthcare assistance to the elderly. A federal judge dismissed the lawsuit in 2014. The Boston-based 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reinstated it in March 2015. Universal Health Services then appealed, asking the Supreme Court to resolve what kind of lawsuits can be brought under the False Claims Act. Business groups, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, filed briefs backing the company, saying fraud claims should be allowed only when they involve specific violations of the terms of a contract with the government and not violations of other regulations. ",1
9878,"Sanders opposes Constitution pipeline between Pennsylvania, NY","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on Monday said he opposes a proposed natural gas pipeline between Pennsylvania and New York and called on New York officials to reject the project. “The possibility of methane leaks from the proposed Constitution Pipeline would be catastrophic to our air and our climate — and if this pipeline were approved, eminent domain would be used to seize land from farmers and homeowners,” he said in a statement. U.S. pipeline company Williams has delayed the start up of the pipeline to the second half of 2017 from the fourth quarter of 2016. ",1
9879,U.S. lawsuit seeks disclosure of court orders on decryption,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The Electronic Frontier Foundation sued the U.S. Department of Justice on Tuesday in an attempt to obtain any secret court orders forcing companies like Apple Inc (AAPL.O) or Google (GOOGL.O) to decrypt user communications. The tech advocacy group’s lawsuit, filed in San Francisco federal court, seeks to force DOJ to disclose whether it has ever sought or obtained a decryption order from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.  ",1
9880,Trump candidacy: Where some fear to tread others see a path to victory,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - He’s a successful businessman making his first foray into politics. He wants to secure the southern border with Mexico and dump global trade deals. And like Donald Trump, he wants to be the Republican establishment’s worst nightmare.  He’s Paul Nehlen, who has emerged as a Republican rival to Paul Ryan, the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, in his home district in Wisconsin. Ryan, the most powerful elected Republican in the country, is the epitome of that establishment. While many Republican operatives fear Trump’s tumultuous presidential bid will hurt House and Senate races this year, a handful of candidates like Nehlen are embracing Trump’s message, although not always the man himself. A loss by Ryan or another high-profile incumbent would send shockwaves through the party and could prompt fellow establishment Republicans to rethink positions on advocacy of free trade and support for immigration reform. In New Hampshire, where Trump won the nominating contest, or primary, by 20 points, Jim Rubens, a former Republican state senator who has endorsed the billionaire businessman, is attempting to unseat incumbent Senator Kelly Ayotte.   In Arizona, another state Trump won, state senator Kelli Ward is challenging veteran Senator John McCain by talking up securing the border and courting voters at Trump rallies, although she has not endorsed the presidential candidate.      The dynamic of outsiders challenging establishment candidates is one that has been taking place within the Republican Party for several election cycles, but in Trump, the insurgency has a new, more popular face. Beyond the races in Wisconsin, Arizona and New Hampshire, it has played out in states like Alabama, where Jonathan McConnell greeted voters outside a Trump rally in Huntsville in a bid to unseat veteran Senator Richard Shelby, and North Carolina, where Rep. Renee Elmers, facing a challenge to her seat, said she had voted for Trump in that state’s presidential primary. But, unlike the anti-establishment wave that swept Tea Party-aligned lawmakers into Congress in 2010, these candidates do not appear to represent a new anti-Washington groundswell, suggesting there are limits to Trump’s brand of politics, which at times runs deep against Republican orthodoxy on issues such as trade and taxes. “I been surprised that there haven’t been any Senate or House incumbents that have lost primaries as a result of a groundswell of support for Donald Trump or Ted Cruz,” said Nathan Gonzales, an independent analyst on congressional races in Washington.  Shelby, for example, soundly defeated challenger McConnell in Alabama’s Republican primary race in March. “Other candidates could try to replicate his message, but no one can replicate Donald Trump,” Gonzales said. Still, many analysts and political operatives believe Republicans unhappy with Trump as the nominee won’t vote in the general election, potentially causing Republicans to lose their congressional seats to Democratic contenders. It would be easy, to dismiss Nehlen’s challenge to Ryan, who is popular among Republicans inside and outside of Wisconsin and has a large campaign warchest. A poll last month by Marquette University Law School showed him with more than an 80 percent approval rating among Wisconsin Republicans. But less than two years ago, Eric Cantor, then the No. 2 Republican in the House of Representatives, was also considered a rising Republican star. He suffered a shock defeat in the 2014 congressional elections in Virginia to an obscure conservative college professor, David Brat. Cantor, too, had looked unbeatable. “That race is what reinforced in my mind this is possible,” Nehlen said in an interview. Trump has frequently criticized Ryan for the $1.1 billion budget deal struck with Democratic President Barack Obama last December. And Ryan’s support of trade deals such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership and comprehensive immigration reform is squarely at odds with Trump’s positions.     Nehlen said those two issues motivated him to mount his challenge to Ryan, although he stopped short of saying he embraced Trump’s candidacy. Rubens, who is challenging Ayotte in New Hampshire, isn’t as restrained. “I admire his independence,” Rubens told Reuters.  Rubens, like Trump, calls for a fence along the southern border and for doing away with so-called “birthright citizenship,” a policy that grants anyone born on U.S. soil a citizen.  Ayotte, a first-term senator, was praised by conservatives when she ran in 2010 and was endorsed by former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin at the height of Palin’s popularity. But she earned their wrath when she backed immigration reform. She also frustrated moderates by voting against a bill that would block suspected terrorists from buying guns. Ayotte, Gonzales said, “is an example of someone who can’t come out guns blazing against Donald Trump. She needs every Republican possible in the state.” In Arizona, Ward is challenging McCain, the moderate who was the Republican presidential nominee in 2008, in a state where rancor over immigration issues runs high. Ward has said she supports Trump’s claim that Mexico was sending criminals to the United States. Mexico has ridiculed the allegation.     Ward has an opportunity. A poll released last month by the firm Public Policy Polling showed McCain with a 33 percent approval rating among Republicans in Arizona.  ",1
9881,U.S. says Kerry to meet Iran foreign minister on Tuesday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will meet with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif in New York on Tuesday to discuss implementation of the Iran nuclear deal and ways Tehran can use its influence to end Syria’s civil war, U.S. officials said on Monday.  Kerry is expected to raise Tehran’s concerns over difficulties with accessing the global financial system despite the lifting of some U.S. sanctions under the nuclear deal. Iran and six world powers clinched the nuclear agreement in July 2015, which allowed for the easing of some sanctions imposed by the United States, European Union and United Nations in return for Tehran curbing its nuclear program. Tehran has called on the United States to do more to remove obstacles to the banking sector so that businesses feel comfortable with investing in Iran without penalties. Current U.S. policy bars foreign banks from clearing dollar-based transactions with Iran through U.S. banks. But U.S. officials have said the Obama administration is considering ways in which non-U.S. companies can use the dollar in some business transactions with Iran. “The secretary is very mindful that topic will come up, that that is very much on Foreign Minister Zarif’s mind,” State Department spokesman John Kirby told a news briefing. “The secretary will be ready to talk to them about it.”   Kerry will press Iran to use its influence over the Syrian government to end Syria’s war, Kirby said, after peace talks in Geneva were halted by the opposition, which accused government forces of breaking a ceasefire in their bid to recapture the northern city of Aleppo.  “The secretary intends to raise ... ways in which Iran can get more helpful going forward in a political process,” said Kirby, adding: “We want them to use that influence in a constructive manner, towards a political solution.” ",1
9882,Senate passes bill to boost travel security after Brussels,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate on Tuesday overwhelmingly approved legislation that would boost domestic travel security in the wake of the Brussels attacks and authorize the programs of the Federal Aviation Administration through September 2017. The 95-3 vote sends the measure to the House of Representatives, where lawmakers have been unable to make headway on their own FAA bill because of differences over a provision to privatize the U.S. air traffic control system.   The bipartisan Senate measure, which sidesteps the privatization issue, contains a series of travel security provisions that Senate Republicans have promoted as the most comprehensive increase in airport security in nearly a decade.  The measures include doubling the number of transportation security teams with bomb-sniffing dogs at domestic airports, as well as stronger vetting of airport employees and increased security at check-in and baggage claim areas. The bill also authorizes spending for FAA operations, airport improvements, aviation research and development, and requires airlines to compensate passengers for lost bags and refund charges for undelivered services.  Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee Chairman John Thune said the legislation would “make travel safe and secure and more passenger-friendly.” The Senate measure also contains a lengthy section on unmanned aircraft that would require new policy standards for commercial drones involving safety, privacy, design and identification and the use of data gathered by the aircraft.     ",1
9883,U.S. top court appears unlikely to revive Obama immigration plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s bid to save his plan to spare millions of immigrants in the country illegally from deportation and give them work permits ran into trouble on Monday at the U.S. Supreme Court in a case testing the limits of presidential power. The court, with four conservative justices and four liberals, seemed divided along ideological lines during 90 minutes of arguments in the case brought by 26 states led by Texas that sued to block Obama’s unilateral 2014 executive action that bypassed Congress. Liberal justices voiced support for Obama’s action. The  conservatives sounded skeptical. A 4-4 decision would be a grim defeat for Obama because it would uphold lower court rulings that threw out his action last year and doom his quest to revamp a U.S. immigration policy he calls broken. More than a thousand people in favor of Obama’s action staged a raucous demonstration outside the white marble courthouse on a sunny spring day, with cheery mariachi music from a red-and-black clad band filling the air. A smaller group of Obama critics staged their own rally. In order to win, Obama would need the support of one of the court’s conservatives, most likely Chief Justice John Roberts or Anthony Kennedy. But they both at times hit the Obama administration’s lawyer, U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli, with tough questions. Kennedy expressed concern that Obama had exceeded its authority by having the executive branch set immigration policy rather than carry out laws passed by Congress. “It’s as if the president is setting the policy and the Congress is executing it. That’s just upside down,” Kennedy said. A ruling is due by the end of June. Obama’s plan was tailored to let roughly 4 million people - those who have lived illegally in the United States at least since 2010, have no criminal record and have children who are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents - get into a program that shields them from deportation and supplies work permits. Obama said the program, called Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA), was aimed at preventing families from being torn apart. The case comes during a heated presidential campaign in which the status of the roughly 11 million immigrants in the United States illegally, most of them from Mexico and other Latin American nations, has been a central theme. Immigration is also a global concern, with Europe now struggling with a flood of immigrants fleeing violence in Syria, Iraq and elsewhere. The Republican-governed states that filed suit asserted that the Democratic president overstepped his authority provided in the Constitution while his administration said he merely provided guidance on how to enforce deportation laws. A 4-4 ruling is possible because there are only eight justices following February’s death of conservative Antonin Scalia. One possible compromise outcome would be that the court could uphold Obama’s plan in part while leaving some legal questions unresolved, including whether the government can provide work permits to eligible applicants. Obama would also win if the justices decide the states had no legitimate grounds to sue. Texas said it had “standing” to sue because it would be hurt by the additional costs it would incur by providing driver’s licenses to those given legal status. Liberal Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg noted the “basic problem” that the government lacks the resources to deport everyone in the country illegally, meaning it must set priorities. “There are these people who are here to stay, no matter what,” Ginsburg said.  Liberal Justice Sonia Sotomayor criticized Texas’ argument about the economic harm caused by Obama’s action, saying millions of immigrants “are here in the shadows” and will affect the economy “whether we want (them) to or not.” Verrilli said the federal government has regularly launched programs aimed at giving large groups of immigrants temporary legal status as part of its role establishing enforcement priorities due to limited resources. Asked by Roberts if the government has the power to allow all immigrants who are in the country illegally to stay, Verrilli said: “Definitely not.” Shortly before the plan was to take effect, a federal judge in Texas blocked it after the states filed suit. The New Orleans-based 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld that decision in November. Obama’s executive action arose from frustration within the White House and the immigrant community about a lack of action in politically polarized Washington to address the status of people living in the United States illegally. He took the action after House of Representatives Republicans killed bipartisan legislation, called the biggest overhaul of U.S. immigration laws in decades and providing a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, that was passed by the Senate in 2013. Obama, stifled by Republican lawmakers on many of his major legislative initiatives, has drawn Republican ire with his use of executive action to get around Congress on immigration policy and other matters including gun control and healthcare. ",1
9884,"Immigration overhaul backers sing, dance, chant at U.S. Supreme Court","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Dancing, singing, chanting and cheering, throngs of supporters of President Barack Obama’s plan to protect millions of people in the country illegally from deportation and provide them work permits rallied on Monday outside the U.S. Supreme Court. More than a thousand demonstrators from around the country flooded the sidewalks and streets around the white marble courthouse as the justices heard arguments on whether to reinstate Obama’s executive action, blocked by lower courts. They greatly outnumbered conservative opponents of Obama’s action. Due to the crowds, police closed a section of the street separating the courthouse from the Capitol building to traffic. Chicagoan Omar Martinez, 24, said he landed a congressional internship because of an Obama program that let some immigrants who entered the country illegally before age 16 receive a renewable, two-year work permit and exemption from deportation. “It’s not just a Latino issue,” Martinez said. “It’s a multicultural, multinational issue. You have people who are contributing to the economy, contributing to tax funds but can’t fully enjoy what it means to be a U.S. citizen.” Demonstrators brought their young children to the rally and a mariachi band played. Members of the Korean American Resource and Cultural Center danced in the street with a small band of drummers. A gospel choir from Howard University, a historically black college, sang several hymns including civil rights anthem “Ain’t Gonna Let Nobody Turn Me Around.”  Speakers at the conservative Tea Party Patriots’ rally could barely be heard over boos, screams and chants of “stop the hate” from Obama supporters. Iowa Republican congressman Steve King shouted back: “Are you an example of the America we can expect if this court finds that the president can write law and violate the Constitution at will? If so, we’re in for a rough ride in the future.” Iowan Greg Cummings, 51, said his opposition to Obama’s action has “nothing to do with race.” He said his wife emigrated from Honduras when she was 11 and is now a high school English teacher. “It’s a national sovereignty thing,” Cummings said. “A country without borders ceases to be a country. The United States can’t be an open society to all the Earth.” Zaira Garcia, 23, a recent University of Texas graduate, recalled how her Mexican father’s employers would sometimes withhold pay because they knew he was not in the country legally. “It’s inhumane, the way people who are undocumented can be taken advantage of,” Garcia said. “It made us realize and appreciate the sacrifice my parents made to come here. A lot of people think coming to the U.S. is an easy choice, but the reality is hard work and lots of humiliation because of lack of status.”",1
9885,"North Korea can learn from Iran nuclear deal, U.S. says","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea, which conducted a fourth nuclear test in January in contravention of U.N. Security Council resolutions, can learn from a deal struck between Iran and world powers to freeze its nuclear program, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken said on Tuesday. North Korea, which regularly threatens the United States and rich, democratic South Korea, also conducted a long-range rocket launch in February, defying U.N. sanctions. The Security Council last month expanded those sanctions aimed at starving North Korea of funds for its weapons program on a resolution drafted by the United States and China. “Iran made a fundamental choice. It decided to freeze and roll back its nuclear program and allow inspectors to come in and create the time and space to see if we could agree a comprehensive agreement,” Blinken told reporters in Seoul. Iran and six world powers clinched the nuclear agreement in July 2015, which allowed for the easing of sanctions imposed by the United States, European Union and United Nations in return for Tehran curbing its nuclear program.     “It’s our hope that the DPRK will be inspired by that example,” said Blinken, speaking after a meeting with his Japanese and South Korean counterparts. DPRK stands for Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, North Korea’s official title.   Recent diplomatic progress between the United States and Cuba and Myanmar demonstrated U.S. willingness to engage with countries like North Korea, Blinken said. “If a country, even one with which we’ve had the most profound differences, is prepared to engage seriously and credibly in answering the demands of the international community, we are also prepared to engage,” Blinken said. Blinken said on Monday the United States would respond strongly in the case of a further North Korean nuclear test, days after the North’s failed attempt to launch what the United States believes was an intermediate-range ballistic missile.    ",1
9886,Sanders hits Clinton on campaign finance hours before New York votes,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders accused front-runner Hillary Clinton of apparent campaign finance violations on Monday, ratcheting up the rhetoric against his rival one day before New York state’s crucial primary elections. Sanders questioned whether Clinton’s campaign violated legal limits on donations by paying her staffers with funds from a joint fundraising effort by Clinton and the Democratic National Committee, or DNC. Sanders has long maintained that the DNC has favored Clinton over Sanders. The U.S. senator from Vermont is a democratic socialist who has run as an independent in his Senate campaigns. “While the use of joint fundraising agreements has existed for some time - it is unprecedented for the DNC to allow a joint committee to be exploited to the benefit of one candidate in the midst of a contested nominating contest,” Sanders’ campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, said. The Clinton campaign dismissed the charge, with chairman Robby Mook saying Sanders was making baseless accusations. “It is shameful that Senator Sanders has resorted to irresponsible and misleading attacks just to raise money for himself,” Mook said. The accusations surfaced as the Democratic and Republican candidates engaged in a final frenzy of campaigning before Tuesday’s primaries. Both the Democratic and Republican primaries are expected to be the state’s most decisive in decades in the selection of the parties’ candidates for November’s general election. Former U.S. Secretary of State Clinton and Republican Donald Trump, the national front-runners, were favored to win their respective primaries in the state that both call home. Victories would be a tonic for both candidates following a series of losses. In recent weeks, Sanders has defeated Clinton in nominating contests. On the Republican side, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, Trump’s closest challenger, has outmaneuvered the billionaire businessman in the fight for delegates to the Republican National Convention that will pick the party’s nominee in July. By the end of Monday - the last official day of campaigning before the New York primaries - tens of thousands of New Yorkers will have heard the candidates’ closing pitches. At St. John’s Riverside Hospital in Yonkers just north of New York City, Clinton spoke to doctors, nurses and others at a hospital cafeteria, asking for their votes and taking a jab at Cruz’s dismissal earlier in the campaign of “New York values.” “I think New York’s values are America’s values,” she told the crowd. Cruz defended his “New York values” catchphrase on ABC’s “Good Morning America” in Times Square on Monday, saying New Yorkers had “suffered under the left-wing Democratic policies” of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and Governor Andrew Cuomo. Sanders needs a strong victory in New York, where 291 delegates to the Democratic convention in July are at stake, if he is to overtake Clinton. With 2,383 delegates needed to secure the Democratic nomination, Clinton has 1,758 to Sanders’ 1,076, according to an Associated Press tally. That total includes unpledged superdelegates who are free to back the candidate of their choice but told the news service whom they support. For Trump, the question is whether he will make a clean sweep of all 95 Republican delegates at stake by earning the majority of votes in all 27 congressional districts in the state.  Total victory in New York would help Trump avoid the possibility that the nomination could be wrested from him at the party’s July 18-21 convention in Cleveland if he arrives without a majority of at least 1,237 delegates. In that scenario, another candidate could win on a second or subsequent ballot. Trump has 744 delegates to 559 for Cruz and 144 for Ohio Governor John Kasich, according to the Associated Press. The count includes endorsements from several delegates who are free to support the candidate of their choice. In Wyoming, in the latest state-by-state delegate battle, Cruz was awarded all 14 delegates, according to a party official on Saturday.  “Lyin’ Ted Cruz can’t win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him & K,” Trump tweeted on Monday.  On ABC, Cruz responded by saying that Trump was throwing a fit because he has lost several recent state contests. “The stakes are too high to hand the election to Hillary Clinton, which is what nominating Donald Trump” would do, he said. ",1
9887,U.S. to send more troops to Iraq to tackle Islamic State,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The United States will send more troops to Iraq and will put them closer to the front lines of battle there to advise Iraqi forces in the war against Islamic State militants.  U.S. defense officials said on Monday that Washington will deploy about 200 additional troops, mostly as advisers for Iraqi troops as they advance towards Mosul, the largest Iraqi city still under Islamic State control. “As we see the Iraqis willing to fight and gaining ground, let’s make sure that we are providing them more support,” U.S. President Barack Obama said in an interview with CBS News. “My expectation is that by the end of the year, we will have created the conditions whereby Mosul will eventually fall,” Obama said. The United States has also authorized the use of Apache attack helicopters to help the Iraqis as they can provide quicker air support and precision fire. The advisers will accompany Iraqi units of about 2,500 troops moving closer to the front lines of battle. Until now, the advisers were limited to larger divisions of about 10,000 troops located further back from the battlefield.  The change will allow them to offer quicker advice to Iraqi troops as they try to retake Mosul, likely facing stiff resistance from an entrenched enemy. But it could also leave the U.S. advisers more vulnerable to enemy mortars and artillery. “This will put Americans closer to the action,” U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said. “Their whole purpose is to be able to help those forces respond in a more agile way.” The decision to enlarge the U.S. military force was made in close concert with Iraqi authorities, said Carter, who met U.S. commanders and Iraqi officials including Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on a visit to Baghdad. Iraq is engulfed in a political crisis over anti-corruption reforms that is crippling state institutions and threatening to slow the campaign against the militants.     The increase raises the authorized troop level in Iraq to  4,087, not including special operations personnel, some logistics workers and troops on temporary rotations.  The Pentagon will also provide up to $415 million to Kurdish peshmerga military units, who have played an important role in pushing back Islamic State in northern Iraq. Part of that funding will likely be spent on basics like food, said Lieutenant General Sean MacFarland, head of the U.S.-led coalition battling Islamic State. “Right now the peshmerga are not getting enough calories to keep them in the field,” MacFarland said. The increase is the latest move by the United States, which invaded Iraq in 2003 to overthrow Saddam Hussein, to step up its campaign against the hardline Sunni jihadists. Since December, Iraqi forces trained by the U.S. military and backed by coalition air strikes have taken back territory from Islamic State, which seized swathes of Iraq and Syria in 2014. Some U.S. troops already in Iraq will be shifted to establishing logistics for Iraqi forces as they move towards Mosul, Carter said. These include supply lines, particularly important as Mosul is 400 km (250 miles) north of Baghdad. Most of the new U.S. advisers, who will make up the bulk of the new troops, will be Army Special Forces, as are the about  100 advisers now in Iraq. The rest of the troops announced on Monday include support crew for the Apaches and security forces to protect the advisers. The United States will also deploy an additional long-range rocket artillery unit to support Iraqi ground forces in the battle for Mosul, Carter said. Two such batteries are already in place in Iraq. The officials did not rule out the possibility that lasting success might require further U.S. commitments. “If it doesn’t take us all the way, we’ll come back and have another discussion and ask for more if we need to,” McFarland said. ",1
9888,Obama: U.S. giving more support to Iraq as it fights Islamic State  ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said in an interview broadcast on Monday that the United States is providing more support to Iraq as its military moves to take back territory from Islamic State, and he expects the city of Mosul will be retaken eventually. “As we see the Iraqis willing to fight and gaining ground, let’s make sure that we are providing them more support,” Obama said in an interview with CBS News. U.S. officials announced in Baghdad on Monday the United States will deploy about 200 additional troops, mostly as advisers for Iraqi troops as they advance toward Mosul, the largest Iraqi city still under Islamic State control. The increase raises the authorized U.S. troop level in Iraq to 4,087, not including special operations personnel, some logistics workers and troops on temporary rotations. “We’re not doing the fighting ourselves,” Obama said, “but when we provide training, when we provide special forces who are backing them up, when we are gaining intelligence, working with the coalitions that we have, what we’ve seen is that we can continually tighten the noose” on Islamic State. “My expectation is that by the end of the year, we will have created the conditions whereby Mosul will eventually fall,” Obama said. ",1
9889,White House: Not in Saudi interest to destabilize global economy over 9/11 bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House expressed confidence on Monday that Saudi Arabia would not follow through on a reported threat to sell U.S. assets if Congress passed a bill that could hold the kingdom responsible for any role in al Qaeda’s Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. The New York Times reported on Friday that Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told U.S. lawmakers that the country would be forced to sell up to $750 billion in Treasury securities and other U.S. assets in response to the bill if it passed. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said President Barack Obama did not support the legislation and would not sign it. The bill would allow the Saudi government to be sued in a U.S. court for any role in the Sept. 11 attacks.  “I’m confident that the Saudis recognize, just as much as we do, our shared interest in preserving the stability of the global financial system,” Earnest told reporters. Obama, who is traveling to Saudi Arabia later this week, said he opposes the bill because it could expose the United States to lawsuits from citizens of other countries.  “If we open up the possibility that individuals in the United States can routinely start suing other governments, then we are also opening up the United States to being continually sued by individuals in other countries,” Obama said in an interview broadcast on CBS News on Monday. Most of the 19 attackers on Sept. 11, 2001 were Saudi nationals who hijacked four planes and flew them into New York City’s World Trade Center, the Pentagon near Washington and into a field in Pennsylvania after passengers revolted. The attack was mounted by the al Qaeda militant group, then based in Afghanistan. No U.S. investigation to date has reported finding evidence of Saudi government support for the attacks. The debate over the congressional legislation has gained traction on the U.S. presidential campaign trail. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination, has broken with the Democratic administration and said she supported the bill. Her rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, said he shared the Obama administration’s concern that the legislation could open up the United States to liability from other countries but said it was important to look into any potential Saudi role in the attacks. “I think it’s important to have a full investigation and an understanding of the role, the possible role, of the Saudi government in 9/11,” he said on NBC’s “Today” program. Clinton and Sanders’ remarks on the issue on Monday came on the day before New York state’s Democratic primary, a crucial race for both candidates. Businessman Donald Trump, the Republican frontrunner in the race for the White House, dismissed concerns about a Saudi sell-off of U.S. assets. “That’s OK,” Trump told New York radio show host Joe Piscopo in a phone interview on Monday morning. “Let’em sell ‘em. And we’ll all buy them, Joe, that’s OK. ... It’s called a fire sale, nothing better than a fire sale.” The bill, which has 22 co-sponsors, passed the Senate Judiciary Committee in January, but it has not come up for a vote in the Republican-dominated Senate. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s office said on Monday that no vote has been scheduled. Family members of victims who were killed in the September 2001 attacks urged Obama to support the legislation and to bring up the issue on his trip. “It is not acceptable ... to succumb to the demands of a foreign government that we abandon principles of American justice while we pursue our diplomatic goals,” they wrote in a letter to Obama that was released to the media. In September, a U.S. judge dismissed claims against Saudi Arabia by families of victims of the attacks, saying the kingdom had sovereign immunity from damage claims. ",1
9890,"U.S. poised to approve Boeing fighter jet sales to Qatar, Kuwait","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government is poised to approve two long-delayed sales of Boeing Co fighter jets to Qatar and Kuwait, and could announce the multibillion-dollar deals during President Barack Obama’s visit to the Gulf this week, according to two sources familiar with the matter. Both deals have been stalled amid concerns raised by Israel that equipment sent to Gulf states could fall into the wrong hands and be used against it, and by the Obama administration’s broader decision-making on military aid to the Gulf.  However, the Pentagon and the State Department both have  signed off on the sale of some 36 F-15 fighter jets to Qatar and 24 F/A-18E/F Super Hornets to Kuwait, both built by Boeing. The White House is expected to follow suit shortly. The sale to Kuwait is worth about $3 billion and the one to Qatar is probably close to $4 billion, sources familiar with the matter said. “The last hurdle now is getting approval from the National Security Council and the White House,” said one of the sources. The Pentagon had no immediate comment. A senior Obama administration official said it was the administration’s policy not to comment on potential arm sales until it has formally notified Congress of an intent to sell something. But, the official said, the United States is committed to the security and stability of the Gulf region and defense sales  “fit into the overall U.S. regional diplomatic strategy.” Expected approval of the fighter jet sales comes as the White House seeks to shore up relations with Gulf allies as they increase their military capabilities amid growing fears that Washington is drawing closer to Iran in the aftermath of the nuclear deal with that country. Senior U.S. officials, including Navy Secretary Ray Mabus have publicly urged approval of the weapons sales, which will help maintain production of the fourth-generation Boeing fighter jets, while the newer and more advanced Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 fighter jet enters service in coming years. One senior U.S. defense official said the Pentagon is keen to see the Boeing F-15 and F/A-18 production lines in St. Louis continue and does not want to “foreclose any options on fourth-generation aircraft at this point.” Boeing already is spending “hundreds of millions” of dollars to buy long-lead materials such as titanium to prepare for a possible Kuwaiti order for F/A-18E/F Super Hornets and a  separate U.S. Navy order for 12 jets put on the service’s “unfunded priorities” list submitted to Congress. The Navy is hoping that Congress will provide the funding to pay for the Boeing jets in fiscal 2017, although the planes were not included in its base budget request. It already has earmarked funding for more F/A-18E/F jets in fiscal 2018. A larger concern now is the Boeing F-15 line, which is set to end in 2019 after Boeing completes work on a large order for Saudi Arabia, unless a follow-on order is approved. ",1
9891,Milestones in the Supreme Court immigration case,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday heard arguments in a challenge by 26 states to President Barack Obama’s executive action to defer deportation of certain immigrant children and parents who are in the country illegally. Here is a chronology of the case, United States v. Texas: June 15, 2012 - The Obama administration, through the Department of Homeland Security, initiates the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which suspends deportation for two years for people who entered the country illegally at least five years earlier, before they were age 16, and who were under age 31 as of June 15, 2012. Nov. 20, 2014 - Obama, through unilateral executive action, initiates a new deferred-deportation and work-authorization policy for immigrants whose children are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents and who have been living illegally in the United States since Jan. 1, 2010. These people must pass certain background checks for possible past criminal convictions. The program is called Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA). The Obama administration also expands the earlier DACA program by eliminating the age-31 cap and increasing deferred deportation from two to three years. Dec. 3, 2014 - Texas and other Republican-governed states sue the Democratic Obama administration in U.S. district court in Texas. They assert that Obama’s Nov. 20 executive actions, which bypassed the Republican-led Congress, violated the Administrative Procedure Act (APA) notice-and-comment requirements for new federal agency rules and violated the U.S. Constitution’s dictate that a president “take care” that laws are “faithfully executed.” In all, 26 of the 50 U.S. states eventually sign on to the lawsuit: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, West Virginia and Wisconsin. Feb. 16, 2015 - U.S. District Court Judge Andrew Hanen in the border city of Brownsville, Texas issues an injunction blocking enforcement of the programs nationwide. The judge says the Obama administration had failed to offer notice and seek comments under the Administrative Procedure Act. Administration lawyers counter that the actions did not arise from official rule-making but rather from Homeland Security Department discretion on deportation priorities. May 26, 2015 - After the administration appeals the judge’s decision, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit, based in New Orleans, upholds Hanen’s injunction, pending an appeal on the merits of the case. Nov. 9, 2015 - The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit rules for Texas and the other states, throwing out Obama’s DAPA and expanded DACA actions because, the court says, they were subject to notice-and-comment requirements under the Administrative Procedure Act. Jan. 19, 2016 - The Supreme Court agrees to hear the  administration’s appeal. The justices say they will review the Administrative Procedure Act issue as well as whether the program violates the “take care” mandate. A key question before the justices is whether Texas and the other states even have legal standing to bring the case based on a claim that Obama’s action would cost the states financially in certain public services such as the cost of issuing driver’s licenses to illegal immigrants. Feb. 13, 2016 - Justice Antonin Scalia dies, leaving the Supreme Court with only eight members - four liberals and four conservatives - and the possibility of a 4-4 deadlock. Such a split ruling would be a defeat for Obama because it would leave in place the 5th Circuit decision disallowing his executive action. April 18, 2016 - The Supreme Court hears oral arguments in the case United States v. Texas. The justices seem divided along ideological grounds, with liberal justices sounding supportive of Obama’s action and the conservatives sounding skeptical, underscoring the possibility of a 4-4 split. A ruling is expected by the end of June.",1
9892,White House: Michelle Obama to join husband on trip to Britain,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. first lady Michelle Obama will join her husband, President Barack Obama, for his trip to Britain later this week, the White House said on Monday. The Obamas will attend a private lunch with Queen Elizabeth and her husband, Prince Philip at Windsor Castle on Friday.  That evening they will have diner with Prince William, his wife Kate, and Prince Harry at Kensington Palace, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. The president’s trip comes as the British weigh whether or not to remain in the European Union in an upcoming referendum and as Obama completes his final year in office as president.  ",1
9893,Factbox: Legal issues in Supreme Court immigration case,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday heard arguments in a challenge brought by Texas and other states to President Barack Obama’s executive action on immigration. The eight justices confronted a series of legal questions beginning with whether Texas and the other state challengers even had grounds to bring the case. Obama’s November 2014 orders affect immigrants in the country illegally whose children are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents or who themselves have been in the United States since they were children. Here is a look at some of the key legal questions in the case: To bring a case, challengers must first demonstrate that they have legal “standing,” arising from some injury or negative consequences. In this case, that means the states need to show that they would be hurt by the Obama administration’s deferral of deportation for immigrant parents and children with deep ties to the United States but who are in the country illegally. The state of Texas has taken the lead in the lawsuit against the Obama administration to block the president’s actions. Texas asserts that it has standing largely because of the expected financial cost to the state of processing temporary driver’s licenses for illegal immigrants with new authorization to live in the United States. Texas subsidizes the cost of processing driver’s licenses and contends Obama’s actions would cost it millions of dollars. The Obama administration rejects that basis for standing to file suit, asserting that any such costs are “incidental” and could be avoided by the state. Obama administration lawyers say Texas could eliminate the subsidies for these driver’s licenses and eliminate the harm claimed by the state. If a majority of the justices finds that Texas lacked a sufficient injury to sue, the case of United States v. Texas ends there and the Obama administration wins. RULE-MAKING REQUIREMENTS If the justices agree that Texas has standing to bring the case, they then would consider whether deferred-deportation policies that were part of Obama’s actions violated rule-making requirements in a federal law called the Administrative Procedure Act. Under that law, federal agencies typically must issue a general notice of a proposed rule and give interested parties a chance to comment. Obama administration lawyers say the deferred deportation practices are not binding rules subject to the Administrative Procedure Act. Rather, they characterize these policies as an outgrowth of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security’s discretion in determining deportation priorities. The administration contends that the homeland security secretary should be able to focus his department’s limited resources on deporting serious criminals and securing the border. There is also the question of whether the deferred deportation violates a dictate of the U.S. Constitution that presidents must “take care” to “faithfully execute” the nation’s laws. Texas and the other states that brought the lawsuit say Obama, in taking executive action that bypassed Congress, crossed that line because Congress is in charge of deciding who is a lawful or unlawful immigrant. The Obama administration says it was faithfully executing the authority to determine priorities under immigration law. ",1
9894,Ryan urges Obama to rule out sanctions 'workarounds' for Iran,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, called on President Barack Obama on Monday to “definitively” rule out any possible sanctions “workaround” that might provide Iran, directly or indirectly, with access to the U.S. financial system or dollar. “Instead of helping the regime get richer, the administration should hold it accountable for its continued ballistic missile tests, egregious human rights violations and support for terrorism,” the Republican congressional leader said in his strongest statement yet on the issue. ",1
9895,Clinton says she would 'go further' than Obama on immigration: statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said if she wins the White House she would go farther than President Barack Obama’s executive action on immigration and would propose comprehensive immigration reform legislation within 100 days of taking office. “I will do everything I can to protect the president’s executive actions and go further to bring more people relief and keep families together,” Clinton said in a statement as the U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments in a case over whether Obama overstepped his authority with his immigration action. ",1
9896,U.S. to give Philippines eye in sky to track South China Sea activity,"MANILA (Reuters) - The United States will transfer an observation blimp to the Philippines to help it track maritime activity and guard its borders amid rising tensions in the South China Sea, a U.S. diplomat said on Monday. Philip Goldberg, U.S. ambassador to the Philippines, said Washington would give Manila, its oldest Asia-Pacific security ally, $42 million worth of sensors, radar and communications equipment. “We will add to its capability to put sensors on ships and put an aerostat blimp in the air to see into the maritime space,” Goldberg said in an interview with CNN Philippines,  The blimp is a balloon-borne radar to collect information and detect movements in the South China Sea, a Philippine military official said.  China claims almost the entire South China Sea, believed to have huge deposits of oil and gas. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims to parts of the waters, through which about $5 trillion in trade is shipped every year. U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter visited the Philippines last week to reaffirm Washington’s “ironclad” commitment to defend Manila under a 1951 security treaty. China has been expanding its presence on its seven artificial islands in the Spratly archipelago and on Monday landed a military plane for the first time on one of them, Fiery Cross Reef. It comes ahead of a planned U.S. freedom of navigation patrol this month near the Spratlys. Carter’s visit also signals the start of U.S. military deployment in the Philippines, with 75 soldiers to be rotated in and out of an air base north of Manila. Goldberg said the two allies had agreed to set up a system for “secure and classified communications” as part of a five-year, $425 million security initiative by Washington in Southeast Asia.  Manila will receive some $120 million in U.S. military aid this year, the largest sum since 2000 when the American military returned to the Philippines for training and exercises after an eight-year hiatus.  They signed a new deal in 2013 allowing increased U.S. military presence on a rotational basis and storage of supplies and equipment for maritime security and humanitarian missions.  ",1
9897,U.S. pledges 'strong response' in event of another North Korean nuclear test,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States will respond strongly in the case of a further North Korean nuclear test, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken said on Monday, days after the North’s failure to launch what the United States believes was an intermediate-range ballistic missile. North Korea conducted a fourth nuclear test in January and a long-range rocket launch the next month, both in contravention of U.N. Security Council resolutions. Expanded U.N. sanctions aimed at starving North Korea of funds for its nuclear weapons program were approved in a unanimous Security Council vote in early March on a resolution drafted by the United States and China. Blinken, who is meeting senior Japanese government officials in Tokyo, told reporters North Korea would be digging itself deeper into a hole if it pursued further provocations. “There will be additional strong response in case of another (North Korean) nuclear test,” Blinken said, adding that such actions by North Korea were “unacceptable”. Blinken said the United States would consider “a number of possibilities” while adding that it was “premature” to be specific. Some experts expect North Korea to conduct its fifth nuclear test in the near future, possibly before its party congress in early May, following the embarrassing missile failure on Friday. ",1
9898,Chinese official calls Trump 'irrational' on trade,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Chinese Finance Minister Lou Jiwei criticized Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump, calling him “an irrational type” due to his proposal that tariffs on imported Chinese goods be increased to up to 45 percent. In an interview with the Wall Street Journal published on Sunday, Lou said, “Trump is an irrational type. If he were to do this, that would be in violation of the rules set by the World Trade Organization.” Lou said that if the United States put Trump’s proposal into effect, it “would not be entitled to its position as the world’s major power. The U.S. needs to recognize that the U.S. and China are mutually dependent on each other. Our economic cycles are intertwined.” He acknowledged that rhetoric in a U.S. presidential campaign can become heated. China is the United States’ largest trading partner. Chinese officials have generally avoided criticizing Trump directly, though they have made indirect criticism of his proposal to ban Muslims from entering the United States and indirectly rebuffed Trump’s claims that China is stealing U.S. jobs. China’s tightly-controlled state media has largely stuck to reporting the facts about Trump, with some notable exceptions. Last month, influential tabloid the Global Times accused Trump of being a racist, warning that other extremists, such as Benito Mussolini and Adolf Hitler, had both been voted into power. Trump on Sunday again asserted that China had waged “economic war” against the United States.  “They’ve taken our jobs, they’ve taken our money,” the billionaire businessman said at a campaign rally in New York. “We can’t continue to be ripped off like we’re being ripped off.” At a Republican presidential debate last month, Trump said China will not allow free trade or U.S. manufacturers to compete freely. “The 45 percent (tariff) is a threat that if they don’t behave, if they don’t follow the rules and regulations so that we can have it equal on both sides, we will tax you,” he said. Republican rival Ted Cruz criticized the 45 percent tariff proposal, saying during the same debate that it would be passed on to U.S. consumers.  “How does it help you to have a president come and say ... I’m going to put a 45 percent tax on diapers when you buy diapers, on automobiles when you buy automobiles, on clothing when you buy clothing. That hurts you,” the U.S. senator from Texas said. The United States reported a $366-billion trade deficit with China in 2015, up from $343 billion in 2014 - the largest U.S. trade imbalance with any nation. The deficit is up nearly 12 percent in the first two months of 2016 to $57 billion.  ",1
9899,Cruz adviser says Trump campaign taking 'banana republic' approach,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior adviser to Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz on Sunday accused rival Donald Trump’s campaign of taking a “banana republic approach” by complaining that party rules for selecting a nominee are rigged against him. Former Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli, the Texas senator’s delegate operations manager, said on ABC’s “This Week” that the Trump campaign is challenging the delegate selection process “because they’re getting beat on the ground.” Cuccinelli and Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, as well as the third Republican candidate, Ohio Governor John Kasich, traded punches over the delegate selection process on Sunday news shows.  Trump remains the front-runner in the race to be the Republican Party’s candidate in November’s general election. But it remains unclear whether the billionaire businessman will arrive at the party’s July 18-21 convention in Cleveland with the 1,237-delegate majority needed to clinch the nomination on the first ballot. The next big face-off is New York state’s primary on Tuesday, with 95 delegates at stake.  Opinion polls show Trump, a New Yorker, well ahead of his rivals, with Kasich and Cruz trailing behind. The latest CBS News poll, released on Sunday, showed Trump ahead in New York, with 54 percent of those surveyed to 21 percent for Cruz and 19 percent for Kasich. On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton, a former New York senator and U.S. secretary of state, and U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont will also face New York voters on Tuesday. Polls show Clinton is still favored to win, although Sanders, a New York City native who is hoping for an upset win to ensure the continued viability of his campaign, has managed to narrow the gap in recent days. Trump, meanwhile, has become increasingly agitated as the Cruz campaign outmaneuvers him in the complex art of securing delegates that are not simply allocated by a popular vote.  At a news conference in New York City’s Staten Island borough on Sunday, he repeated his assertion that the system was “crooked.” “You’re basically buying these people,” he said, referring to convention delegates. “I could put them in the best planes and bring them to the best places in the world,” he added. But he said he was not interested in wooing delegates that way, describing it as undemocratic. The party rules for picking delegates vary by state. Cuccinelli said Cruz has been “winning elections. And when we win, Trump whines.” “This is a banana republic approach from the Trump team,” he said. “... They have a media campaign. But Ted Cruz has built a grassroots campaign.” On “Fox News Sunday,” Trump’s Lewandowski pointed to Florida, where the candidate won the primary in a landslide. But Trump can count on the support of only 69 of the state’s 99 delegates because the state Republican Party chairman is allowed to appoint 30. “Ted Cruz does well in places where party bosses get to set those rules and people don’t get to go and vote,” Lewandowski said. Another senior Trump adviser, delegate selection specialist Paul Manafort, told ABC the campaign will protest results in Missouri and Colorado. But in several interviews on Sunday, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus again denied that the delegate selection rules are rigged against Trump. Kasich ridiculed Trump and his campaign for suggesting the delegate selection rules are fixed and that a “dirty trick” allowed Cruz to win Colorado’s nominating contest without a statewide vote. Kasich, interviewed by CNN, said Trump should “act like you’re a professional. Be a pro.”  (This story corrects New York state poll numbers in 7th paragraph) ",1
9900,Access to U.S. financial system not part of Iran nuclear deal: White House," (Corrects headline and first paragraph to show spokesman was referring to U.S. financial system, not global financial system in April 15 story.) WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An agreement with Iran aimed at preventing it from developing nuclear weapons does not include giving it access to the U.S.  financial system, the White House said on Friday. The comment from a White House spokesman at a regular news briefing followed a request by Iran’s central bank governor earlier on Friday for the United States and European Union to help Iran gain access to the global financial system.  ",1
9901,Obama immigration action goes before Supreme Court,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court will hear a case on Monday that tests the boundaries of presidential powers, confronting the question of whether President Barack Obama exceeded his authority with unilateral action to spare millions of people in the country illegally from deportation. The case, one of the most consequential of the court’s current term that ends in June, pits Obama against 26 states led by Texas that filed suit to block his 2014 immigration plan. The high court is evenly divided with four liberal justices and four conservatives following the February death of conservative Antonin Scalia. That raises the possibility of a 4-4 split that would leave in place a 2015 lower-court ruling that threw out the president’s executive action that bypassed the Republican-led Congress. The arguments in the case come at a time when immigration is a divisive issue in the U.S. presidential campaign, with top Republican contenders advocating deporting all of the estimated 11 million people in the country illegally. Obama took the action after Republicans in the House of Representatives killed bipartisan legislation, billed as the biggest overhaul of U.S. immigration laws in decades and providing a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, that was passed by the Senate in 2013. Obama’s plan was tailored to let roughly 4 million people - those who have lived illegally in the United States at least since 2010, have no criminal record and have children who are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents - get into a program that shields them from deportation and supplies work permits. Obama’s program was called Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA). Shortly before the plan was to go into effect last year, a federal judge in Texas blocked it after the Republican-governed states filed suit against the Democratic president’s executive action. The New Orleans-based 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld that decision in November. The Supreme Court’s ruling is due by the end of June. Obama’s action arose from frustration within the White House and the immigrant community about a lack of action in politically polarized Washington to address the status of people, mostly Hispanics, living in the United States illegally. Obama has drawn Republican ire with his use of executive action to get around Congress on immigration policy and other matters including gun control and healthcare. On the immigration action, the states contend Obama exceeded the powers granted to him by the Constitution by intruding upon the authority of Congress. ",1
9902,Factbox: Legal issues in Supreme Court immigration case,"(Reuters) - When the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday takes up a challenge brought by Texas and other states to President Barack Obama’s executive action on immigration, the eight justices face a series of legal questions beginning with whether Texas and the other state challengers even have grounds to bring the case.  Obama’s November 2014 orders affect immigrants in the country illegally whose children are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents or who themselves have been in the United States since they were children.  Here is a look at some of the key legal questions in the case:  LEGAL STANDING To bring a case, challengers must first demonstrate that they have legal “standing,” arising from some injury or negative consequences. In this case, that means the states need to show that they would be hurt by the Obama administration’s deferral of deportation for immigrant parents and children with deep ties to the United States but who are in the country illegally.  The state of Texas has taken the lead in the lawsuit against the Obama administration to block the president’s actions. Texas asserts that it has standing largely because of the expected financial cost to the state of processing temporary driver’s licenses for illegal immigrants with new authorization to live in the United States.  Texas subsidizes the cost of processing driver’s licenses and contends Obama’s actions would cost it millions of dollars. The Obama administration rejects that basis for standing to file suit, asserting that any such costs are “incidental” and could be avoided by the state. Obama administration lawyers say Texas could eliminate the subsidies for these driver’s licenses and eliminate the harm claimed by the state.  If a majority of the justices finds that Texas lacked a sufficient injury to sue, the case of United States v. Texas ends there and the Obama administration wins.  RULE-MAKING REQUIREMENTS If the justices agree that Texas has standing to bring the case, they then would consider whether deferred-deportation policies that were part of Obama’s actions violated rule-making requirements in a federal law called the Administrative Procedure Act. Under that law, federal agencies typically must issue a general notice of a proposed rule and give interested parties a chance to comment.  Obama administration lawyers say the deferred deportation practices are not binding rules subject to the Administrative Procedure Act. Rather, they characterize these policies as an outgrowth of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security’s discretion in determining deportation priorities.  The administration contends that the homeland security secretary should be able to focus his department's limited resources on deporting serious criminals and securing the border.  ’TAKE CARE’ A final possible question for the justices is whether the deferred deportation violates a dictate of the U.S. Constitution that presidents must “take care” to “faithfully execute” the nation’s laws.  Texas and the other states that brought the lawsuit say Obama, in taking executive action that bypassed Congress, crossed that line because Congress is in charge of deciding who is a lawful or unlawful immigrant.  The Obama administration says it was faithfully executing the authority to determine priorities under immigration law.  ",1
9903,Milestones in the Supreme Court immigration case,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday will hear arguments in a challenge by 26 states to President Barack Obama’s executive action to defer deportation of certain immigrant children and parents who are in the country illegally. Here is a chronology of the case, United States v. Texas: June 15, 2012 - The Obama administration, through the Department of Homeland Security, initiates the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which suspends deportation for two years for people who entered the country illegally at least five years earlier, before they were age 16, and who were under age 31 as of June 15, 2012. Nov. 20, 2014 - Obama, through unilateral executive action, initiates a new deferred-deportation and work-authorization policy for immigrants whose children are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents and who have been living illegally in the United States since Jan. 1, 2010. These people must pass certain background checks for possible past criminal convictions. The program is called Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA). The Obama administration also expands the earlier DACA program by eliminating the age-31 cap and increasing deferred deportation from two to three years. Dec. 3, 2014 - Texas and other Republican-governed states sue the Democratic Obama administration in U.S. district court in Texas. They assert that Obama’s Nov. 20 executive actions, which bypassed the Republican-led Congress, violated the Administrative Procedure Act (APA) notice-and-comment requirements for new federal agency rules and violated the U.S. Constitution’s dictate that a president “take care” that laws are “faithfully executed.” In all, 26 of the 50 U.S. states eventually sign on to the lawsuit: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, West Virginia and Wisconsin. Feb. 16, 2015 - U.S. District Court Judge Andrew Hanen in the border city of Brownsville, Texas issues an injunction blocking enforcement of the programs nationwide. The judge says the Obama administration had failed to offer notice and seek comments under the Administrative Procedure Act. Administration lawyers counter that the actions did not arise from official rule-making but rather from Homeland Security Department discretion on deportation priorities. May 26, 2015 - After the administration appeals the judge’s decision, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit, based in New Orleans, upholds Hanen’s injunction, pending an appeal on the merits of the case. Nov. 9, 2015 - The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit rules for Texas and the other states, throwing out Obama’s DAPA and expanded DACA actions because, the court says, they were subject to notice-and-comment requirements under the Administrative Procedure Act. Jan. 19, 2016 - The Supreme Court agrees to hear the  administration’s appeal. The justices say they will review the Administrative Procedure Act issue as well as whether the program violates the “take care” mandate. A key question before the justices is whether Texas and the other states even have legal standing to bring the case based on a claim that Obama’s action would cost the states financially in certain public services such as the cost of issuing driver’s licenses to illegal immigrants. Feb. 13, 2016 - Justice Antonin Scalia dies, leaving the Supreme Court with only eight members - four liberals and four conservatives - and the possibility of a 4-4 deadlock. Such a split ruling would be a defeat for Obama because it would leave in place the 5th Circuit decision disallowing his executive action. April 18, 2016 - Oral arguments scheduled in United States v. Texas. A ruling is expected by the end of June. ",1
9904,Ted Cruz wins Wyoming Republican presidential nominating contest,"CASPER, Wyo. (Reuters) - Republican U.S. presidential hopeful Ted Cruz won all 14 delegates at stake on Saturday in Wyoming, besting rival Donald Trump, who made little effort to win the rural state, and further narrowing the gap in the race for the party’s nomination. Cruz is trying to prevent Trump from obtaining the 1,237 delegates needed to secure the Republican nomination at the July convention in Cleveland. By continuing to rack up small wins, Cruz is gaining ground on the New York real estate mogul, who has thus far failed to shift his focus on the local-level campaigning necessary to win delegates. Trump has been critical of the process, again on Saturday calling it “rigged” while speaking at a rally in Syracuse, New York. He has repeatedly complained about Colorado, which awarded all 34 of its delegates to Cruz despite not holding a popular vote. Trump said his supporters are becoming increasingly angry with states such as Wyoming and Colorado. “They’re going nuts out there; they’re angry,” Trump said in Syracuse. “The bosses took away their vote, and I wasn’t going to send big teams of people three, four months ago, have them out there.”  While Trump has won 21 state nominating contests to Cruz’s 10, the billionaire leads the Texas senator by only 196 delegates (755-559). That means he must win nearly 60 percent of those remaining before the party’s political convention in July. Wyoming does not hold a primary vote. Instead, 475 party activists convened in Casper on Saturday to hold a state convention and award 14 delegates.    Previously, 12 other delegates had been designated at county-level conventions. Cruz won 10 of those, with one going to Trump and another being elected as “unbound.” Cruz spoke at the convention, capping off a months-long effort to organize support in the state. Trump had originally planned to send former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, who remains popular among conservatives, as a surrogate, but she canceled at the last minute. Cruz spoke about local issues in Wyoming, the largest coal-producing state. He discussed the Democratic “attack” on the fossil fuel, saying President Barack Obama has tried to put the coal industry out of business through government regulations targeting air pollution.  “America is the Saudi Arabia of coal, and we are going to develop our industry,” Cruz said. At the same time, Trump was speaking at a rally in Syracuse, New York, ahead of the state’s Republican primary on Tuesday. ",1
9905,Clinton backer George Clooney condemns 'obscene' sums in White House race,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Actor and director George Clooney, a supporter of Hillary Clinton’s presidential bid, broke ranks over campaign financing on Saturday to condemn the “obscene” sums of money in U.S. politics and praised Clinton’s chief political rival in the process.    Clooney made the remarks in an interview with NBC News’ “Meet The Press” the day after he and his wife, Amal, hosted a fundraiser on Democratic Party hopeful Clinton’s behalf Friday night with a price tag of up to $353,400 per couple.  “We had some protesters last night when we pulled up in San Francisco and they’re right to protest. They’re absolutely right. It is an obscene amount of money,” Clooney said in excerpts released on Saturday. The interview will air on Sunday. Bernie Sanders, a U.S. Senator from Vermont and Clinton’s rival in the race for the Democratic nomination to run for the White House in the Nov. 8 election, has pounced on former secretary of state Clinton over the big-ticket event and for accepting large sums of money for her campaign. “The Sanders campaign when they talk about it is absolutely right. It’s ridiculous that we should have this kind of money in politics. I agree completely,” Clooney said.  In response to the dinner, the Sanders campaign on Friday evening sent out an email to supporters asking them to help reach their fundraising goals by chipping in $3.53 apiece, instead. ",1
9906,Pope says its crazy to see his meeting with Bernie Sanders as political,"ABOARD THE PAPAL PLANE (Reuters) - Pope Francis said on Saturday that his meeting with Bernie Sanders, contesting the Democratic candidacy for the U.S. Presidency, was not meddling in politics and that anyone who thought otherwise should “look for a psychiatrist”. Sanders and the pope met briefly on Saturday morning at the Vatican guest house where Francis lives and where Sanders and his wife spent the night after he addressed a Vatican conference on social justice. “When I came down, I greeted him, I shook his hand and nothing more. This is called good manners and it is not getting involved in politics,” the pope told reporters in answer to a question aboard the plane returning from the Greek island of Lesbos, where he visited a refugee camp. [L5N17J063]. “If anyone thinks that greeting someone is getting involved in politics, I recommend that he look for a psychiatrist,” he said, laughing. In an interview with ABC News after the meeting, Sanders called the pope “a beautiful man”, adding “I am not a Catholic, but there is a radiance that comes from him.” “I just conveyed to him my admiration for the extraordinary work he is doing raising some of the most important issues facing our planet and the billions of people on the planet and injecting the need for morality in the global economy,” Sanders, a Brooklyn-born son of Polish Jewish immigrants, told ABC. The Democratic hopeful from Vermont has campaigned on a promise to rein in corporate power and level the economic playing field for working and lower-income Americans who he says have been left behind, a message echoing that of the pope. The meeting came just days before Tuesday’s Democratic party primary in New York, where polls say he is trailing Hillary Clinton. After he won seven of the last eight state contests, a loss in Sanders’ home state would give front-runner Clinton a boost toward the party’s presidential nomination. Sanders has said the trip was not a pitch for the Catholic vote but a testament to his admiration for the pontiff. ",1
9907,Obama urges more consumer choices for cable TV set-top boxes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration on Friday weighed in on the debate over allowing consumers to switch from pricey cable television boxes to less expensive devices, urging regulators to set an example for the rest of government on how to boost competition.     Consumers can spend nearly $1,000 over four years renting cable set-top boxes. Allowing consumers to chose devices or apps they can own could mean quick savings, according to the administration.   “Competition is good for consumers,” President Barack Obama said in an interview with Yahoo Finance. “And ultimately it’s good for business. The more competition we have, the more products, services, innovation takes place.” The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in February proposed a rule to open competition in the $20 billion television set-top box market.  It set a 60-day comment period for the rule that could deal a financial blow to cable companies. The administration issued a rare filing on the rule by the FCC, an independent agency.  The rule would allow consumers to obtain video services from providers such as Alphabet Inc’s Google, Apple Inc and TiVo In, instead of cable, satellite and other television providers such Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc. It was unclear if the rule will be implemented before Obama leaves office in January. Cable and television companies have lashed out against the proposal, saying it could stifle innovation. Under the rule, minority programmers would be damaged, consumers would lose privacy protections and be saddled with the costs of re-engineering networks, said Michael Powell, the head of trade group National Cable & Telecommunications Association.   The companies also contended the White House is pressuring the FCC, which they said was inappropriate. “This action not only damages the only companies seriously investing to build broadband infrastructure for this country, it also does great harm to the confidence we should be able to have in the impartiality of the FCC’s proceedings,” said Jim Cicconi, a senior executive vice president at AT&T Inc. Obama will also sign an executive order on Friday calling on federal agencies and departments to report in 60 days on areas where additional measures can be taken to open competition. In a teleconference call with reporters, Jason Furman, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, would not speculate on what kind of pro-competition measures the order could spur. The administration is looking to add to consumer-friendly actions on cell phones, net neutrality and retirement advice.  “This is going to be a whole of government effort to empower consumers, workers and small businesses,” Furman said. ",1
9908,Former TV 'Apprentices' denounce Trump White House bid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of former contestants on Donald Trump’s reality television show “The Apprentice” put their old boss in the hot seat on Friday, saying the U.S. Republican front-runner has widened racial divisions and should not be president. Trump’s one-time admirers, most from racial minorities, urged the New York billionaire to tamp down his divisive rhetoric as he campaigns to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama in the Nov. 8 election. “We are all disappointed and in some ways shocked to see what is being spewed from Donald regarding his views on women, immigrants, and the list goes on,” said Randal Pinkett, winner of the 2005 fourth season of the reality television show. “We strongly condemn Donald’s campaign of sexism, xenophobia, racism, violence and hate,” he said at a news conference in Manhattan. Pinkett said Trump “is not worthy of the highest office of the land,” and said there had been glimpses of those attitudes in private conversations and time spent off-screen with Trump during the making of the TV show. Running for 14 seasons, “The Apprentice” gave Trump a national platform, and his often blunt and unfiltered style helped make the show a major hit. The show featured groups of business-minded contestants vying for a titular apprenticeship in Trump’s organization. At its peak, nearly 21 million people watched the show. Trump’s proposals to ban Muslims from entering the United States and to build a wall at the Mexican border have drawn criticism even within his party. His campaign has been accused of tacitly encouraging violence at  large and rowdy rallies where Trump supporters have at times clashed with protesters. On Friday evening, as protests broke out at a rally in Hartford, Connecticut, Trump belted out his usual response: “Get them out of here!” “I always say ‘don’t hurt that person, right?’” he said.  Pinkett told Reuters he had contacted former “apprentices” and said their effort was independent and timed to precede New York state’s crucial primary election on Tuesday. At the news conference, Pinkett was joined by former “Apprentice” contestants Tara Dowdell and Kwame Jackson; another former contestant, Marshawn Evans Daniels, participated via video link. Their efforts seemed unlikely to dent Trump’s comfortable advantage in New York opinion polls against Republican rivals Ohio Governor John Kasich and U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. Trump dismissed his former aspiring protégés on Friday as “failing wannabes out of hundreds of contestants.”  “How quickly they forget. Nobody would know who they are if it weren’t for me,” he said in a statement. “They just want to get back into the limelight like they had when they were with Trump. Total dishonesty and disloyalty.” Trump pulled ahead of Cruz and Kasich this week in the national Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll. Among Republicans, 45 percent support Trump, compared with 29 percent for Cruz and 21 percent for Kasich.  On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are tied at 47 percent. The poll had a credibility interval of 4.6 percentage points. In an apparent bid to establish a more presidential footing,    Trump turned from his usual platform of Twitter to the opinion pages of The Wall Street Journal to denounce the Republican National Committee over a nomination process he said was rigged. Friday’s piece, along with an endorsement by tabloid newspaper the New York Post, signaled a possible detente with media magnate Rupert Murdoch, whose News Corp (NWSA.O) owns both newspapers. A News Corp spokesman declined to comment on the relationship between the two billionaires. Murdoch took to Twitter last year to denounce Trump’s comments that many illegal immigrants from Mexico were bringing crime to the United States, tweeting: “Trump wrong.” The Journal in July called Trump a “catastrophe” in a withering editorial. Trump on Wednesday met privately with Fox News Channel anchor Megyn Kelly after a feud that had lasted months. Another Murdoch-controlled company, 21st Century Fox (FOXA.O), owns the channel.  NBC, the network that aired “The Apprentice,” cut ties with Trump last year after he described some Mexican immigrants as criminals and rapists. Trump’s other well-known NBC venture, the Miss USA pageant and Miss Universe pageants, was also dropped from the line-up around that time.  Other “Apprentice” contestants have backed Trump, including actors Stephen Baldwin, Gary Busey and Lou Ferrigno, former basketball star Dennis Rodman and reality television star Jesse James. Pinkett, however, in remarks directed at Trump, said: “I am calling, we are calling, for you to do better.” ",1
9909,Sanders' tax returns highlight contrast with rival Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, who has made income inequality a top campaign theme, had taxable income of $205,271 in 2014, putting him almost in the top 5 percent of American earners, according to the release of Friday of his federal tax return. That figure was still far below the millions earned by his main Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, in recent years.  Sanders and his wife, Jane, paid $27,653 in federal income taxes in 2014, an effective federal tax rate of 13.5 percent, on income of $205,271, which is their adjusted gross income before deductions. That figure is just below the $206,563 that Census data show as the lower limit for the top 5 percent of U.S. households in 2014. But Hillary Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, had income approaching $140 million over the last eight years, according to previously released returns. Sanders on Thursday described himself as “one of the poorer members of the United States Senate.”     Median net worth among members of the U.S. Senate in 2014 stood at $2.9 million, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a non-profit organization that tracks money in politics. The return released on Friday does not include information on Sanders’ net worth. The return does show Sanders had federal taxable income after deductions of $140,994.  Sanders has run a populist effort, vowing to reform what he calls a “corrupt” campaign finance system reliant on millionaires and billionaires at the expense of average voters. Clinton, in contrast, has much stronger ties to the financial system, including six-figure payments for speeches she gave to several financial institutions in recent years.  Sanders often expresses skepticism that someone with those kinds of ties can effectively overhaul banks and other institutions. Clinton says she is steadfast in her commitment to eroding income inequality and creating a safe financial system.     The two have clashed repeatedly over the topic - most recently Thursday night at a debate in the New York City borough of Brooklyn. At that event, Sanders promised to release his tax returns after Clinton raised the issue. “You’ll get them, yes,” Sanders said. “They are very boring tax returns. No big money from speeches, no major investments. Unfortunately - unfortunately - I remain one of the poorer members of the United States Senate.” Clinton has a significant lead in pledged delegates over Sanders in the race for the Democratic nomination for the November presidential election. ",1
9910,Trump campaign manager says he called reporter after run-in: CNN,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump’s campaign manager said on Friday he was relieved a battery case against him was over but disputed a reporter’s claim that he never tried to get in touch after she accused him of bruising her arm. Palm Beach County State Attorney Dave Aronberg said on Thursday that Lewandowski, 42, would not be prosecuted on a misdemeanor battery charge involving Michelle Fields, previously a reporter for the conservative news outlet Breitbart. Police charged him on March 29 with intentionally grabbing and bruising Fields’ arm at a campaign event.      Lewandowski told CNN he called Fields on the night of the March 8 incident in Florida after seeing her boyfriend’s Twitter account that something had occurred. He said he never heard back. “I didn’t know what happened, honestly,” he said. “It was a brief interaction, and it wasn’t memorable to me, and I’m sorry about that.” Lewandowski told CNN his phone records proved that he did in fact try to contact Fields.  Fields disputed that. “No. I never heard from Corey,” she said on Twitter on Friday following Lewandowski’s interview.               ",1
9911,Carnival expects Cuba to allow Cuban-Americans on inaugural cruise,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cruise company Carnival Corporation believes Cuba will soon modify rules that bar Cuban-Americans from traveling on its planned cruises to the island, the company said on Friday, after pressure mounted for the trip to be postponed.  Carnival is due to become the first U.S. cruise company to sail directly to Cuba in more than half a century on May 1, but the exclusion of Cuban-Americans has prompted a lawsuit against the company and protests in Miami. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Thursday that Carnival “needs to not discriminate” and called on Cuba to change the policy.  A State Department official later said Kerry “in no way meant to convey that Carnival is supporting policies that are discriminating against Cuban American travelers.” Asked whether Carnival was considering cancelling the trip, spokesman Roger Frizzell said the company was confident Cuba would change its rules before the sailing date.     “We continue to believe that Cuba will modify its regulation before we sail on May 1 based on our ongoing discussions with Cuban officials,” Frizzell said, citing rules that allow Cuban-Americans to visit Cuba by air as an example.  Cuban-born Americans cannot visit the island by sea, due to a Cuban law that dates to the Cold War era, and therefore are barred from joining in Carnival’s sailing to the island.  ",1
9912,Protesters nationwide denounce big money in U.S. politics,"BOSTON/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservative and independent protesters channeling themes from the presidential campaigns of Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders dumped faux contributions into Boston Harbor on Friday, one of some 30 nationwide demonstrations planned against big money in politics. In Washington, police arrested 142 members of a more liberal group called Democracy Spring including 12 who cuffed themselves inside the Capitol Rotunda to protest the influence of special interests and to denounce laws making it more difficult to vote. Nearly 1,000 Democracy Spring demonstrators have been arrested in Washington this week. Both the week-long protests in Washington and Friday’s nationwide demonstrations led by the activist group Represent.Us have tapped into some of the voter frustration seen on the presidential campaign trail. “From super PACs (political action committees) to lucrative job offers and campaign contributions, there are tons of perfectly legal ways to bribe a politician,” said Charlotte Hill, communications director for Represent.Us. The group, which has promoted anti-corruption resolutions in American cities, says it neither endorses nor opposes any presidential candidate. Represent.Us said it would stage events in 33 cities. Trump, a billionaire Republican, and Sanders, who describes himself as a democratic socialist running for the Democratic nomination, have both criticized the influence of large campaign contributions in their surprising runs for the White House. “It doesn’t matter if you’re conservative or progressive. Two hundred and forty-three years after the original Boston Tea Party, Americans of all political stripes are still facing taxation without political representation,” said Dan Krassner, political director of Represent.Us. About 40 activists attended the symbolic re-staging of the Boston Tea Party near the spot where American colonists dumped tea into the harbor to protest taxes levied by the British. Represent.Us activists tossed a stack of wooden crates into the water, representing campaign contributions. In Washington on Friday, Democracy Spring activists cuffed themselves to scaffolding in the Capitol Rotunda.  “We the people demand a democracy free from the corruption influence of big money and voter suppression,” the protesters said in unison. Another 130 were arrested for unlawful demonstrations, Capitol Police said. A few hundred chanting demonstrators marched up Capitol Hill with signs saying “Sweep Big Money out of Politics” and “Corporations are not people.” They also protested the high cost of college loans, economic inequality and fracking. “We need to get money out of politics and overturn Citizens United (a Supreme Court decision on campaign contributions),” said David Cheplowitz, 27, of Rochester, New York. ",1
9913,U.N. rights chief decries 'bigotry' in U.S. presidential race,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights launched a thinly veiled attack on U.S. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump and other presidential hopefuls on Friday, in a speech entitled “The road to violence.” “Bigotry is not proof of strong leadership. It is evidence of the lowest and most craven lack of faith in the principles that uphold a ‘land of the free’,” Zeid Ra’ad al Hussein said in a speech at a university in Cleveland, Ohio.  “Less than 150 miles away from where I speak, a front-running candidate to be President of this country declared, just a few months ago, his enthusiastic support for torture,... inflicting intolerable pain on people, in order to force them to deliver or invent information that they may not have.  “We have heard hateful slander of foreigners, and multiple candidates declaring their support for extensive and intrusive surveillance of people based on their religious beliefs – vast and discriminatory systems to single out and discriminate against Muslims.” Zeid’s speech, the Klatsky Lecture at Case Western Reserve University, also recalled the Nazi holocaust and the genocide of Bosnian Muslims for which former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic was jailed last month.  He said the eyes of the world would be on Cleveland when it hosts the Republican National Convention in July, and it was his “deepest hope” that Americans would use it to demonstrate their profound understanding of human dignity and human rights. “And yet, in what may be a crucial election for leadership of this country later this year, we have seen a full-frontal attack – disguised as courageous taboo-busting – on some fundamental, hard-won tenets of decency and social cohesion that have come to be accepted by American society.” He said the price for the “dangerously divisive” rhetoric would be paid by innocent people falling victim to violent acts, not by politicians. “We have heard these calls to hatred – calls stigmatizing and demonizing minorities, beginning the validation of violence,” he said. “Real courage would mean standing up for the great and enduring values of this society.”   ",1
9914,"Puerto Rico rescue falters under attack by conservatives, investors","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An aggressive advertising and lobbying campaign by conservative activists and financial interests this week stalled a plan in the U.S. Congress to rescue Puerto Rico from crippling debt, while lawmakers adjourned on Friday with no clear path forward. As its economy reels and basic services are threatened, the U.S. island territory is pleading for help from Washington, but lawmakers have been unable to formulate a response, or even estimate when they might be able to advance a legislative fix. Puerto Rico is staring down a May 1 deadline for paying about $422 million to Government Development Bank bondholders. With that as a backdrop, the Republicans who control the U.S. House of Representatives huddled privately for 90 minutes on Friday to hear ideas, then decided to go home. “There may be different ways to fix a problem that may include doing nothing and allow it to work through the court system,” conservative Republican Representative Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, told reporters following the meeting. In the face of an election-year wave of radio, television and print advertisements warning of a federal “bailout” for Puerto Rico, House Republicans had already put off planned committee votes on a rescue package earlier this week. The Center for Individual Freedom, a conservative activist group, has spent $200,000 on television advertisements around Washington, D.C., this month, according to the Sunlight Foundation, a lobbying watchdog. The center’s ads call for a halt to “the Washington bailout of Puerto Rico.” Another group that opposes a Puerto Rico rescue, Main Street Bondholders, has run newspaper ads. Radio spots have reached Utah voters warning of a “radical plan” to usher Puerto Rico into bankruptcy and urging local Representative Rob Bishop to protect investors. Bishop chairs the House committee overseeing Puerto Rico legislation. With a 45 percent poverty rate and $72 billion in debt, Puerto Rico needs an orderly way to shed some of its debt, leading Republicans agree, though compromise on details remains elusive. House Speaker Paul Ryan, the Obama administration and congressional Democrats support a rescue effort to help Puerto Rico. A proposal backed by Ryan and Bishop would lead investors towards a voluntary reduction of loans and a compulsory write-down if no compromise were possible. Democrats have pressed for changes to a draft bill, knowing their votes likely will be needed to win passage in the House. Ryan has insisted that there is no “bailout” under development, while scurrying to figure out how he can please conservative Republicans without alienating too many Democrats. Representative Mo Brooks of Alabama, a conservative stalwart, told reporters: “The liberal, financially irresponsible members of the Republican conference will cozy up to the Democrats and they will work out an agreement.” Anti-rescue ads are also running in Louisiana, whose  Representative Garret Graves said on Friday: “The campaign has been effective in distorting reality.” ",1
9915,Obamas donated less to charities in 2015 as income slipped,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle donated less to charities in 2015 as their income also dipped, tax returns released by the White House showed on Friday. The Obamas donated $64,066 to 34 charities last year, down nearly 9.4 percent from their donations of $70,712 in 2014 to 33 charities.  For both years, the couple donated slightly less than 15 percent of their income to charity. On average, Americans donate about 3 percent of their income to charity, according to the Chronicle of Philanthropy. The Obamas earned $436,065 in 2015, down nearly 8.7 percent from $477,383 in 2014, continuing a downward trend as sales of the president’s books slowed. As president, Obama is entitled to a $400,000 annual salary. Most of the rest of the couple’s income came from the book sales.  Their top charity donation of $9,066 went to Fisher House Foundation, which provides housing for military families near military hospitals. The couple gave the organization $22,012 in 2014.  The couple also gave $5,000 to the Beau Biden Foundation, an organization that honors the life of Vice President Joe Biden’s son, who died of brain cancer last year.  The Obamas paid $81,472 in total tax, with an effective federal income tax rate of 18.7 percent. Biden and his wife Jill, a community college professor,  reported a combined income of $392,233, up from $388,844 in 2014.   ",1
9916,Obama tax inversion rules may overstep authority: U.S. lawmaker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s proposed rules to stop U.S. companies from reincorporating abroad, if only on paper, to avoid U.S. income taxes appear to overstep legal authority, a top Republican lawmaker said on Friday. Representative Kevin Brady said his staff is scrutinizing the rules, which were unveiled last week by the U.S. Treasury Department. Legal experts have offered mixed views on the viability of any court challenge.  The new rules, intended to discourage tax “inversions,” led to the collapse of U.S. drugmaker Pfizer Inc’s $160 billion acquisition of Ireland’s Allergan Plc. “We recognize there is broad discretion in some areas of that tax code,” Brady, a Texas Republican and chairman of the tax-writing House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee, said in a speech to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. “But it certainly appears that Treasury overstepped its authority, especially in effect, taking legislative proposals that haven’t passed this Congress or any other Congress and essentially making it law through regulation.” Brady gave no indication of what his committee might do. It was unclear what action, if any, the Republican-controlled Congress would take against the inversion rules in an election year marked by voter anger over taxes and international trade. “I share the concern about inversions. Everyone does. But there’s a right way and a wrong way to tackle them,” Brady said.  An inversion is a tax-driven deal in which a U.S. company acquires a smaller, foreign business and adopts its tax domicile to reduce the combined company’s overall tax burden. The deals most often involve reincorporating in Ireland or Britain. Though inversions have been going since the 1980s, a new wave has been under way for about five years. The Pfizer-Allergan deal would have been the biggest inversion of all time. There is bipartisan agreement on the need for comprehensive tax reform to address inversions, but the deeply divided Congress is unlikely to tackle this until 2017, especially with elections coming in November, analysts said. In the interim, the Obama administration has tightened  inversion rules in limited areas, drawing Republican criticism.  “The administration’s strategy won’t solve the fundamental problem and likely will make it worse,” Brady said. ",1
9917,Mississippi governor signs law allowing armed church security,"(Reuters) - Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant signed a gun rights bill on Friday allowing churches to create security programs designating members to carry firearms to defend worshipers against violence. The legislation, called the “Mississippi Church Protection Act,” also makes it easier for residents in other settings to carry concealed weapons, drawing criticism from national gun control advocates. It was passed amid heightened concerns about church security after a gunman last June killed nine black worshippers during a Bible study session at a church in Charleston, South Carolina, an attack that authorities say was racially motivated.  “Churches deserve protection from those who would harm worshippers,” said Bryant, a Republican, in a Twitter post explaining his decision to sign the measure into law. In most states, churches could address security concerns with similar programs without the need for a new law, according to Amy Hunter, a spokeswoman for the National Rifle Association gun rights lobbying group which supported the measure providing civil liability immunity. The legislation also allows Mississippi residents eligible to own a gun to carry a firearm in holsters without a permit, she said, expanding on a state law enacted last year allowing for similar access in purses, bags and briefcases. However, gun control proponents called the law dangerous. “Mississippi law enforcement, families and faith leaders all spoke out against this reckless bill that will allow dangerous people to carry hidden, loaded handguns in public without a permit,” said Shirley Hopkins Davis, a volunteer with the Mississippi chapter of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, in a statement. Participants carrying firearms for church security programs must have safety training and meet permitting standards. (Story refiles to fix typo in eighth graph to “public”). ",1
9918,Sanders at Vatican says rich-poor gap worse than 100 years ago,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, addressing a Vatican conference on social justice on Friday, decried the “immoral” gap between the world’s rich and poor that he said was worse than a century ago. The Democratic hopeful from Vermont has campaigned on a vow to rein in corporate power and level the economic playing field for working and lower-income Americans who he says have been left behind, a message echoing that of Pope Francis. The trip is inconveniently timed for 74-year-old senator,  coming four days before a Democratic party primary in New York. A loss there would blunt his momentum after winning seven of the last eight state contests and give front-runner Hillary Clinton a boost in her drive to the party’s presidential nomination. Sanders said in his speech to the Pontifical Academy of Social Science that the Roman Catholic Church’s first encyclical on social justice, written in 1891 by Pope Leo XIII, lamented the enormous gap between the rich and the poor. “That situation is worse today. In the year 2016, the top 1 percent of the people on this planet own more wealth than the bottom 99 percent,” the self-described democratic socialist said. “At a time when so few have so much, and so many have so little, we must reject the foundations of this contemporary economy as immoral and unsustainable,” he said. Sanders, the Brooklyn-born son of Polish Jewish immigrants, has said the trip was not a pitch for the Catholic vote but a testament to his admiration for Pope Francis, whom he is not expected to see during his flying visit.  He will be back on the campaign trail on Sunday. After reading the speech in the academy building inside the Vatican grounds, Sanders walked outside one of the city-state’s gates to talk to reporters and was greeted by chants of “Bernie, Bernie, Bernie” from a vocal group of local supporters. Pope Francis sent a message to the academy, saying he had wanted to meet the conference participants in the evening, but could not because he is leaving Rome early on Saturday to visit refugees on the Greek island of Lesbos. Saying he was “proud and excited to be here”, Sanders praised the pope’s visionary views about creating “a moral economy, an economy that works for all people and not just for the people on top”. Reflecting the themes of his campaign, he said he and the pope both agreed that “we’ve got to ingrain moral principles into our economy and there is no area where that is clearer than the area of climate change. The greed of the fossil fuel industry is literally destroying our planet”. Pope Francis wrote a major encyclical, or papal treatise, last year on the need to respect the environment.     In other parts of his speech, Sanders decried “reckless financial deregulation,” including rules on political party financing, that he said had “established a system in which billionaires can buy elections” in exchange for laws that would make them only richer. “Rather than an economy aimed at the common good, we have been left with an economy operated for the top one percent, who get richer and richer as the working class, the young and the poor fall further and further behind,” he said. Sanders will spend less than 24 hours in Rome before returning to the campaign trail before the New York primary on Tuesday. ",1
9919,Immigrants in limbo as U.S. top court weighs Obama action,"BALTIMORE (Reuters) - In the port city of Baltimore, where Europeans once streamed into America after crossing the Atlantic by ship, a 47-year-old immigrant named Rhonda is in a desperate position. She said she wants to provide for her teenage daughter but cannot get a work permit because she is in the United States illegally. “I’d like, as a parent, to provide for my daughter’s needs. Homelessness and moving around has been rough,” said Rhonda, a native of Trinidad and Tobago who has lived in the United States since 2001 and spoke on condition that her last name not be used to protect her daughter. In Houston, Daniel Castillo Garcia said he is apprehensive about his toddler son’s future because the 19-year-old Mexican native is in deportation proceedings after being picked up by U.S. federal agents near the border. “I’m very worried for my son because I need to provide for him,” said Garcia, who has lived in the United States since being brought into the country by his mother as a child in 2007. For these two and many others like them, perhaps their only realistic hope is that the U.S. Supreme Court revives President Barack Obama’s 2014 executive action on immigration, which was thrown out by a lower court. That plan was designed to let roughly 4 million people - those who have lived illegally in the United States at least since 2010, do not have a criminal record and have children who are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents - get into a program that shields them from deportation and supplies work permits. Rhonda’s 16-year-old daughter and Garcia’s 2-year-old son are citizens by virtue of being born in the United States. The court hears the case on Monday and is due to rule by the end of June. Rhonda said she cannot get a work permit because she overstayed her original 10-year visa. She and her daughter are staying in temporary housing provided by her church because she has no income. For a year, she was separated from her daughter, who plays the violin and hopes to attend college, because they could find nowhere to live together. Rhonda, who said her Christian faith keeps her positive, believes work authorization would make the difference because employers increasingly demand such documentation. “That’s why I’m in such hardship. I’m very anxious for something to happen,” she said. In Baltimore’s heavily Latino Fell’s Point neighborhood, South Broadway is lined with store fronts advertising services in Spanish, ranging from tax preparation to cellphone providers. Catholic Charities runs an immigrant resource center offering legal advice as well as education and health services. Its managing attorney, Adonia Simpson, said about half the roughly 600 people she counsels annually have no option beyond Obama’s program, known as Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA), if they want to legalize their status and get work permits. Initial enthusiasm about Obama’s plan waned when a federal judge put it on hold in February 2015, just before it was due to begin. All Simpson can do for now is ask clients to gather documentation to be ready to apply. “The community is getting very discouraged,” Simpson said. In Maryland alone, about 56,000 people could be eligible for the DAPA program, according to the Migration Policy Institute think tank. Obama’s plan was challenged by Texas and 25 other states that argued he exceeded his authority in bypassing Congress to take the actions. “The president has violated the Constitution, and we are trying to prevent the president from implementing executive action that we believe is lawless,” Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said. The Supreme Court is hearing the case at a time when immigration has become a hot issue in the U.S. presidential campaign, with top Republican contenders calling for all illegal immigrants to be deported. An estimated 11 million immigrants are in the country illegally. In Houston, Garcia has pinned his hopes on the court reinstating Obama’s program. “DAPA will help me get that freedom and help me to keep going and have a good future for myself and my son,” Garcia said in an interview translated from Spanish by his attorney. ",1
9920,"Clinton, Sanders Democratic debate draws 5.6 million viewers: CNN","NEW YORK (Reuters) - The latest 2016 presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders drew an audience of some 5.6 million TV viewers, CNN said on Friday, below other recent Democratic debates. Thursday’s debate, aired live from Brooklyn, saw front-runner Clinton and Bernie Sanders challenged each other’s judgment and experience ahead of Tuesday’s crucial nominating contest in New York. Clinton and Sanders attacked each other over Wall Street, gun control and other issues on Thursday in a series of exchanges that laid bare the mounting pressures on them both but seemed unlikely to change the dynamics of the race. CNN said Thursday’s debate ranked 7th among Democratic debates this presidential cycle. Audiences for Republican debates have generally been twice as high as those for the Democratic contenders. ",1
9921,Most House members sign letter backing Israel at U.N.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than 90 percent of the U.S. House of Representatives has signed a letter urging President Barack Obama to use U.S. veto power to block any United Nations resolutions seen as biased against Israel, one of the letter’s lead sponsors said on Friday. U.S. Representative Nita Lowey said 394 members of the 435-member House signed the letter that was sent to Obama on Thursday. It was written as the Palestinian Authority renewed its drive to persuade the U.N. Security Council to condemn Israeli settlements in Arab East Jerusalem and the West Bank. The United States vetoed a similar resolution in the Security Council five years ago. With U.S. efforts to broker a two-state solution in tatters since 2014, France has been lobbying countries to commit to a conference that would get Israelis and Palestinians back to negotiations to end their conflict. The congressional letter backed a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, but insisted that negotiations between the two sides are the only path to peace, not United Nations action or an international conference. “The only way you can get there is if the two parties can be brought together and really go over all the issues,” Lowey said in a telephone interview. Lowey is the top Democrat on the House subcommittee that oversees U.S. diplomacy and foreign aid. Republican Representative Kay Granger, who chairs the subcommittee, also sponsored the letter. Lowey said she had not yet had a response to the letter, but she hoped administration officials were carefully reading it. Support for Israel is one of the few issues that has the support of Democrats and Republicans in the U.S. Congress. ",1
9922,U.S. lawmaker calls on IRS chief to resign over handling of hacked data,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service should resign due to the agency’s inability to improve its defenses against hacks on taxpayer data, a Republican lawmaker said on Friday. Republican Representative Barbara Comstock said new leadership is needed to replace IRS Commissioner John Koskinen due to failures to secure Americans’ sensitive information from malicious intrusions, escalating a line of attack from Republicans who frequently criticize the federal tax collection service. “Commissioner Koskinen has provided little confidence that cyber security is a top priority at the IRS,” Comstock said in a statement shared with Reuters, adding she was concerned the agency apparently has no one in charge of cyber security. The IRS did not immediately comment. More than 700,000 individuals may have had their personal information pilfered by hackers during an intrusion last year, the IRS announced in February. That number has been repeatedly revised upward from initial estimates that were far smaller. Comstock, in her statement, cited a Government Accountability Office report released last month that found the IRS struggling to upgrade its information security plan. The IRS agreed to work toward implementing dozens of outlined recommendations. Koskinen appeared before congressional committees this week and said complying with the GAO recommendations was a priority. The commissioner has been under near-constant fire from Republicans since he took over the agency in 2013 amid controversy over whether the IRS was targeting conservative groups.  More than 60 Republicans have signed on to a resolution introduced in October to impeach Koskinen on charges that he has impeded a congressional investigation into the IRS’s treatment of conservative groups. Comstock is the first lawmaker to call for Koskinen’s resignation solely for cyber security reasons, an aide said. Koskinen is not the first Obama administration official to be targeted by Congress for his handling of cyber security. Last year Katherine Archuleta, head of the Office of Personnel Management, resigned after several lawmakers from both parties called for her ouster following the theft of personal data of more than 21 million individuals. Comstock said Friday that Koskinen should follow the lead of Archuleta and other top executives who have left due to poor handling of hacks “to allow for new and trusted leadership at the IRS.” ",1
9923,Congress should give Puerto Rico debt restructuring authority: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress should give Puerto Rico the authority to restructure its debt, the White House said on Friday. Refusal by Congress to give the island’s government authority to deal with its financial challenges makes a future bailout more likely, a White House spokesman told a regular news briefing. ",1
9924,Republican Party says complaints over delegates 'distracting',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican officials on Friday defended the process for selecting delegates who will choose the party’s presidential nominee, denying a barrage of accusations from front-runner Donald Trump that it is a rigged system aimed at subverting him.Front-runner Trump has skewered the party during the past week because of rules he has lambasted as “crooked” and said the Republican National Committee “should be ashamed of themselves.” The New York billionaire moved from his preferred platforms of Twitter and television interviews to a Wall Street Journal opinion piece on Friday to air his views on the delegate-selection rules, which vary from state to state. “What we are seeing now is not a proper use of the rules, but a flagrant abuse of the rules,” Trump wrote. The RNC has stood by its process and the friction between party officials and Trump has increased all week. Without mentioning Trump by name, the party released a statement on Friday outlining the delegate selection process in states with upcoming contests - plans it said have been in place since October. “The rules surrounding the delegate selection have been clearly laid out in every state and territory and while each state is different, each process is easy to understand for those willing to learn it,” the party statement said. “It ultimately falls on the campaigns to be up to speed on these delegate rules.” RNC Chairman Reince Priebus emphasized each state writes its own rules.  “The complaining that goes on is something that I think probably distracts from what we really need to do, which is come together as Republicans,” Priebus said on NBC’s “Today” program. Trump is leading among the three Republicans seeking the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election to oppose either former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton or U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders on the Democratic side. The real estate mogul must win 1,237 delegates to clinch the nomination before the party’s July 18-21 convention in Cleveland. U.S. Senator Ted Cruz is trying to block Trump from reaching that number on the first round of ballot voting in hopes of triggering a contested convention. That could allow Cruz, Ohio Governor John Kasich or another last-minute entrant to win the Republican nominee. Trump has blasted such a scenario. “The political insiders have had their way for a long time,” he said in the Journal, posted online Thursday. “Let 2016 be remembered as the year the American people finally got theirs.” ",1
9925,"Cruz says will target taxes, bank regulation if elected: CNBC interview","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz said on Friday he would make lifting tax and regulatory burdens a priority if elected president and protect the small banks he said were being hurt by stricter bank regulations. Cruz, who is running to become the party’s 2016 nominee in the Nov. 8 presidential election, targeted the Dodd-Frank regulatory reform law as enabling the nation’s large banks. “The big banks have all gotten bigger,” Cruz said in a CNBC interview. Cruz has said he would not bail out big banks if they failed again, as the did during the 2007-8 financial crisis triggered by faulty mortgage lending practices. “The people that have been hammered are the little guys,” he said. “It’s the community banks, it’s the small financial institutions that are going out of business at a record pace.” The lawyers and lobbyist for giant banks were “in the room” with the Democratic senators who wrote Dodd-Frank because they could absorb the cost of that while the little banks could not, Cruz said. Cruz said the nation’s tax structure is helping strangle U.S. economic growth and he would try to scale back taxes including corporate and death taxes. Cruz has advocated a flat tax rate, which he acknowledged would be difficult to enact. Cruz said he would also try to achieve monetary stability and end the “roller coaster” with the U.S. dollar. The U.S. senator from Texas told CNBC that a higher minimum wage would cost U.S. jobs and that setting minimum wage should be left up to states. Raising the federal minimum wage has been a cornerstone of the Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, although the two disagree on how much it should be raised from the current $7.25. Republicans generally do not embrace a high minimum wage and front-runner Donald Trump has embraced a lower federal rate. ",1
9926,"In Wyoming, Cruz shows edge over Trump in grasp of nuances of White House race","(Reuters) - U.S. Senator Ted Cruz is poised to notch another small but important victory in his battle with billionaire Donald Trump for the Republican presidential nomination at a hotel convention center in the ranching city of Casper, Wyoming, this weekend.  A committee of Wyoming Republicans is likely to hand Cruz most of the state’s 14 remaining delegates to the party’s national convention in July, political operatives, including Trump supporters in the state, told Reuters. That may not seem like a big number, but both men are engaged in a fierce struggle to win as many as possible of the party insiders who could decide the presidential nominee at a contested convention.  Cruz’s strength in Wyoming underscores the contrast between the way the rivals handle this nuance of American politics: where Cruz focuses on organizing at a minute level to court delegates in preparation for a convention fight, Trump has run a national campaign focused on winning the popular vote in early nominating contests and has paid little attention to the more arcane elements of U.S. presidential politics.     Cruz’s effort has included personal visits to far-flung areas, regular conference calls among his state supporters, and hospitality suites to court backers within state parties, while Trump has assailed the delegate system as “rigged” and only recently reorganized his campaign to focus on them.  “I think Cruz has done a good job with how they targeted states,” said Jason Osborne, a Republican strategist who has advised Trump, and who previously worked on former candidate Ben Carson’s campaign. “An operation like Trump’s was built for something completely different.”  Trump’s campaign did not respond to requests for comment.  The United States has a unique system for picking presidential nominees. A combination of nominating polls – usually in the form of state primaries, caucuses, and party conventions – are used to apportion delegates to candidates.  In the Republican race, a candidate needs to win a majority of the total 2,472 delegates to get the nomination. While Trump has won 21 state nominating contests so far to Cruz’s nine, the billionaire leads the Texas senator by only 208 delegates (743-545).  To avoid a convention fight, Trump needs 1,237 delegates to secure the nomination. That means he has to win nearly 60 percent of the remaining delegates before July.  Cruz’s effort in Wyoming, America’s least populous state, is a window into his broader delegate strategy and helps explain how he has become a formidable candidate despite his relatively underdog performance in the primaries so far.  The effort began in 2015, while most other candidates were focused on the early races in Iowa or New Hampshire. Ed Buchanan, a trial attorney in Cheyenne, got a call from Heidi Cruz, the candidate’s wife, in October asking if he would become the state chairman for Cruz’s presidential campaign.  Buchanan, a former speaker of the State House, agreed to the role, which has taken him to every corner of the state trying to court support and build a slate of delegates.  Some states allow the voters to select the delegates who will attend the Republican convention on their behalf, but in most, like Wyoming, Colorado and North Dakota, voters have no say in who goes to Cleveland.  If Trump doesn’t have the 1,237 delegates needed to win the nomination outright, many delegates will become free at the July convention to pick a candidate based on their personal preference, not the choice of the voters in their state.  That is why campaigns want their supporters among the delegates and that is where Buchanan comes in.  He is responsible for assembling a list of the Cruz campaign’s preferred delegates, which he will present to the Casper conference. Each would-be Cruz delegate has promised not to switch allegiances if the voting at the Cleveland convention goes beyond one ballot.  Buchanan expects them to stick to their word. If they don’t, it will not go unnoticed, he said.  “It’s a small state. The people who are in political circles know each other and that would not be forgotten,” he said.  In Wyoming, Cruz won nine of the 12 delegates who were selected at county-level meetings in March. Nearly 1,000 of the state’s most active party members will decide in Casper this weekend the remaining 14 delegates to be voted on.  Cruz will speak on Saturday and his supporters have organized a hospitality room, where they will have freebies like campaign buttons and food.  Trump has not campaigned in the state and will spend the weekend in New York, which holds a major primary next week. He will send former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin in his stead.  “Cruz was here, and that makes a difference to a small state,” former U.S. Senator Alan Simpson of Wyoming said in an interview.  Trump has been slow to adapt his campaign to the delegate fight and has instead attacked the process.  “I know the rules very well, but I know it’s stacked against me by the establishment,” Trump said on CNN on Tuesday.  It is likely now too late to combat Cruz’s operation in Wyoming.  Dick Shanor, who will attend the national convention to support Cruz, said supporters organized to get like-minded voters to show up at the county elections last month, helping the senator to score those early delegate wins.  Jack Volsey, a Trump supporter from Rock Springs, Wyoming, had a different experience. He said he sent a message to a pro-Trump Facebook group in the state asking how he could participate in his county convention, but he never heard back. He was eventually selected as an alternate delegate to this weekend’s gathering, but he has decided not to go.  “I’m not going to go there to sit on the sidelines when I’m sure it’s a done deal already.”  ",1
9927,Trump talks up 'New York values' as protesters demonstrate against him,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican front-runner Donald Trump on Thursday talked up “New York values” and urged his home state voters to give him a big win next week, but his rivals warned nominating Trump could lead to disastrous losses to the Democrats in the Nov. 8 election. The New York billionaire is in danger of being forced to try to capture the Republican presidential nomination through a contested convention because opposition from rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich is chipping away at his lead. As protesters chanted outside and waved signs against Trump, Trump told the New York state Republican Party’s gala that he needs the momentum that a victory in the state’s primary would bring next Tuesday. “New York is so important,” Trump said, trying to regain the momentum he lost after Cruz defeated him in Wisconsin last week and captured all of Colorado’s delegates. Trump identified himself with “New York values” of hard work and compassion after Cruz charged Trump’s version of these values are basically Democratic positions. Whether Trump can win the 1,237 delegates he needs for the nomination is an open question as both Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, and Ohio Governor Kasich, try to block him from getting enough delegates. They want to extend the fight to a contested convention in Cleveland when Republicans gather to formally choose their nominee in July. In his speech to the group, Kasich tried to raise questions about Trump without mentioning his name. He said Republican candidates across the country would be at risk with a candidate with a negative message at the top of the ballot. Trump has drawn many protests for policy positions that include building a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico, deporting 11 million illegal immigrants and banning Muslims temporarily from entering the United States. “We risk losing everything from the White House to the courthouse to the state house if we don’t advance a positive, uplifting, unifying message to this country. That is what we need to do,” said Kasich, who spoke after Trump. Cruz, speaking after Kasich, continued the theme, pointing to polls showing Trump losing badly to Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and getting far less support from women and minority voters. Cruz presented himself as a unity candidate who can bring the various wings of the party together. “If we nominate a candidate who loses to Hillary Clinton by double digits, who loses to women by 20 points, who loses Hispanics by 40 points, who loses young people, we cannot win in the general (election),” said Cruz. Before the event started in the Grand Hyatt hotel near Grand Central Station, a group of protesters stormed the hotel mezzanine with a banner that read: “NYC Rejects the Party of Hate.” Eleven of them were reported arrested. Outside the hotel, many anti-Trump demonstrators called the New York billionaire businessman a fascist or white supremacist. They even teased him about his signature hairdo. “We Shall Over Comb,” read one sign. Others said: “Deport Trump,” “No allegiance for Trump,” and “Black lives matter.” A series of speakers addressed the protest crowd with a loudspeaker. Police set up portable barriers to keep protesters separated from traffic and allow pedestrians to pass on busy 42nd Street.  “Although Trump is from here, there is no place for him here,” said one of the speakers, Nabil Hassein, 27, of the group Millions March NYC.  Kasich scored a victory with the endorsement of former New York Governor George Pataki, an unsuccessful candidate for the  Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election.The Trump campaign got some good news when a Florida prosecutor announced that Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, would not be prosecuted on a misdemeanor battery charge involving a reporter he was accused of grabbing at an event last month. ",1
9928,Former New York governor Pataki endorses Republican John Kasich,"(Reuters) - Former New York Governor George Pataki endorsed Republican presidential candidate John Kasich on Thursday, less than a week before the state holds its primary election. “John Kasich is the candidate who doesn’t just beat Hillary Clinton - he trounces her and will help us to regain Washington,” Pataki, who in December dropped out of the Republican race, told Fox News. ",1
9929,John Kerry: Carnival should not bar Cuban-Americans from cruises to Cuba,"MIAMI (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry condemned Carnival Corp  on Thursday for barring Cuban-Americans from its planned cruises to Cuba and called on the Cuban government to change its policies to allow them. “Carnival needs to not discriminate,” Kerry said in an interview with CNN en Espanol and the Miami Herald. Cuban-born Americans cannot visit the island by sea, due to a Cuban law that dates to the Cold War era, and therefore are barred from joining in Carnival’s sailings to the island, the Miami Herald has reported. People born in Cuba can, however, travel to the island on an airplane. “American citizens, Cuban Americans have a right to travel, and we should not be in a situation where the Cuban government is forcing its discrimination policy on us,” Kerry said. “So we call on the government of Cuba to change that policy and to recognize that if they want a full relationship, a normal relationship, with the United States, they have to live by international law and not exclusively by their own,” he said during a trip to Miami. Carnival officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But the company has told the Miami Herald it had no choice but to enforce the rule when booking tickets for its new Miami-to-Havana route. It said it has asked the Cuban government to waive the rule before the first ship sails on May 1. A State Department official said, “Secretary Kerry in no way meant to convey that Carnival is supporting policies that are discriminating against Cuban American travelers.” Miami is the center of the U.S. Cuban-American community, and many of its residents from the island nation, who fled Cuba after its Communist revolution, are vehemently opposed to President Barack Obama’s moves toward more normal relations with Havana. Critics of the policy say Washington should not ease a half century of restrictions on travel and trade until Cuba has free elections and its human rights record improves.  Kerry, who gave two interviews to local media, met with business leaders and addressed college students, said Cuba could move more quickly to improve its rights record. But he said he was sure a more open relationship with the United States would yield positive changes. “I think more could happen faster. More should happen faster. But I’m not surprised. Nobody expected that. This has been 50-plus years of the status quo ... but there are changes that are in place for the positive,” Kerry said. ",1
9930,Democrats to sue Arizona officials over primary voting problems,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - The Democratic National Committee will file a federal lawsuit over the actions of Arizona election officials during the presidential primary that caused long waits at the polls and critics said disenfranchised voters, especially minorities.   Officials said the lawsuit, to be filed in U.S. District Court in Arizona on Friday, will target the decision to sharply reduce polling locations in Maricopa County, which caused up to five-hour waits for voters casting ballots in the March 22 primary. The lawsuit will also question the state’s “arbitrary rejection of provisional ballots at alarming rates,” with a large number coming from minority voters, according to a DNC statement. “Republicans are using every tool, every legal loophole and every fear tactic they can think of to take aim at voting rights wherever they can,” the DNC chair, U.S. Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz, said in a statement.  Joining the suit will be the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, the Arizona Democratic Party, former Navajo Nation leader Peterson Zah, the Ann Kirkpatrick for Senate campaign and affected voters, the statement said. The Democratic nominating contest for the Nov. 8 presidential election was won by Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders. Their campaigns both said they would join the lawsuit. Named as defendants in the legal action are Arizona Secretary of State Michele Reagan, the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors and Maricopa County Recorder Helen Purcell. A spokesman for the secretary of state declined to comment on the specifics of the case, saying: “The secretary welcomes any inquiry.”  A spokeswoman for Purcell declined to comment but told CNN last week there were no intentional efforts to keep people from voting. The election became mired in controversy from the outset as county voters spent hours to vote at one of 60 polling sites, a reduction from 200 sites in 2012. Officials said the move was an effort to cut costs. County officials immediately took the blame for the decision, saying they misjudged voter turnout based on recent history and increasing mail-in votes.  The election, called unacceptable by the state’s governor and a fiasco by the Phoenix mayor, has prompted questions by the U.S. Department of Justice over its handling by county officials.  The county, Arizona’s most populous, has said it will comply with an April 22 request for information from the head of the voting section of the department’s civil rights division. A county spokeswoman had no comment on the lawsuit. ",1
9931,No prosecution for Trump campaign manager Florida battery charge,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump’s campaign manager will not be prosecuted in Florida on a misdemeanor battery charge involving a reporter, Palm Beach County State Attorney Dave Aronberg said on Thursday. Corey Lewandowski, 42, was charged on March 29 by police in Jupiter with intentionally grabbing and bruising the arm of Michelle Fields, then a reporter for the conservative news outlet Breitbart. The incident occurred when Fields tried to question Trump at a campaign event on March 8. “Mr. Lewandowski has a reasonable hypothesis of innocence. There is insufficient evidence to rebut these defenses,” said Aronberg, a Democrat, noting that Lewandowski had grabbed the reporter’s arm against her will. Aronberg’s office said it faced a legally higher standard than law enforcement. State prosecutor’s offices must show proof of a crime beyond a reasonable doubt, and whether there is a reasonable chance of conviction. Law enforcement can bring charges on probable cause, and Aronberg said police had acted appropriately.  He added that politics did not factor into his decision. Police released a video of the incident showing Fields walking alongside Trump and trying to question him. Lewandowski is seen grabbing her arm and pulling her backward. Fields had brushed or touched Trump’s arm following a campaign news conference, after which Lewandowski reached out and grabbed her arm, said Aronberg, citing a video recording. Trump has repeatedly defended Lewandowski, and the campaign released a statement noting that the campaign manager was gratified by the decision of prosecutors. Lewandowski “appreciates the thoughtful consideration and professionalism by the Palm Beach State Attorney and his staff who carefully reviewed this matter, as well as Mr. Trump’s loyalty and the support of his colleagues and family during this time,” the statement said.  But the decision was a disappointment to Fields, Aronberg said, noting that his office had talked with her on Thursday. Fields on Wednesday posted on Twitter, “For those asking, office of prosecutor asked 2 weeks ago if I’d be ok with an apology from Corey. I said ya but haven’t heard back about it.” Aronberg said an apology to the reporter might have avoided the legal proceedings. ",1
9932,"Apple, FBI to clash again in Congress over encryption","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and the FBI will return to Congress next week to testify before lawmakers about their heated disagreement over law enforcement access to encrypted devices, a congressional committee announced on Thursday.  Apple’s general counsel, Bruce Sewell, and Amy Hess, executive assistant director for science and technology at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, will testify on separate panels before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee on Tuesday, in addition to other law enforcement officials and technology experts. FBI Director James Comey appeared before a separate congressional committee last month to defend his agency’s pursuit of a court order to compel Apple’s assistance in unlocking an iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters. Sewell also testified at that hearing. The FBI has since abandoned the San Bernardino case, a surprising development that came after a still-secret third party helped the government hack into the iPhone. But the U.S. Justice Department redoubled its efforts last week to use the courts to force Apple’s cooperation in cracking encrypted iPhones by announcing plans to continue with an appeal in an unrelated New York drug case. Other witnesses appearing include Thomas Galati, chief of the New York Police Department’s intelligence bureau; Charles Cohen, commander of the Indiana Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force; and Matthew Blaze, a professor and computer security expert at the University of Pennsylvania. Earlier this week, two U.S. senators released draft legislation that would empower courts to order technology companies to hand over data “in an intelligible format,” even if encryption has rendered that data inaccessible to anyone other than the owner. Security researchers and civil liberties advocates say the bill amounts to a ban on strong encryption, which is necessary to keep malicious hackers at bay and protect the overall security of the Internet. ",1
9933,"Cyber as big a threat as Iran, North Korean ICBMs: U.S. admiral","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Constant cyber attacks on the U.S. Missile Defense Agency and its key weapons programs pose as great a threat as development of intercontinental ballistic missiles by Iran and North Korea, the admiral who heads the agency said on Thursday. Vice Admiral James Syring told a House Armed Services subcommittee that the agency had taken “inordinate” measures to defend its own networks, but he remained concerned about potential vulnerabilities among defense contractors. The U.S. Missile Defense Agency develops and runs a multilayered system of defenses against ballistic missile attacks by potential enemies. The system includes ground-based interceptor missiles in Alaska and California as well as high-end radar equipment to detect attacks. Syring said the agency carried out continuous monitoring of its classified and unclassified networks, but said cyber attacks were increasingly directed against private contractors and unclassified, controlled technical information that they housed on their networks. “What we’ve got to do is get them up to where we are in terms of our protection levels, and I view it as a very near-term, very real requirement across the (Ballistic Missile Defense System),” he said. U.S. defense officials have been increasingly vocal about escalating and constant cyber attacks originating from China, Russia and other countries. Syring did not answer directly when asked about his knowledge of attacks on the agency’s networks by China or the Chinese military, telling lawmakers he would provide fuller answers during a classified hearing.  Syring told a similar Senate hearing on Wednesday that the agency was working “hand-in-glove” with private contractors to ensure that future contracts contained the necessary cyber security requirements, protections and standards. Deputy Defense Secretary Robert Work told Reuters this week that the Pentagon’s Cyber Investment Management Board had prepared a list of top-priority weapons programs that required cyber security updates and investments. He said the details were classified, but said some of those programs were launched years ago before cyber attacks became commonplace. ",1
9934,Senate committee approves authorization for U.S. commodities regulator,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee on Thursday approved a reauthorization of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, nearly three years after the legislative authority for the country’s commodities and swaps regulator expired. The head of the CFTC, Timothy Massad, praised the committee for clearing the way for the full Senate to vote on authorization. “I am committed to continuing to work with Congress throughout this process, particularly on making sure end-users like agricultural producers can continue to safely and affordably use the derivatives markets, while ensuring these markets do not generate excessive risk to our financial system,” he said in a statement.  The CFTC has operated on year-by-year funding since the end of 2013 because Congress has not passed a new authorization, which lawmakers say created uncertainty in many markets. The House of Representatives has already approved a similar bill. Republicans, who control the Senate, said the bill would allow farmers, ranchers and small energy providers to use derivatives for hedging operational costs without being ensnared in regulation intended to prevent the risky type of swap deals that contributed to the financial crisis.  The bill “allows for anticipatory hedges and the management of a hedge when it serves as a risk management tool for our producers and commercial end-users and not an investment or for speculation,” said Committee Chairman Pat Roberts of Kansas. Still, Democratic Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, a proponent of strong Wall Street oversight, said the bill as written would also benefit financial players. “It’s clear that this bill is all about helping Wall Street traders and big energy companies like Koch Industries under the guise of helping farmers,” he said. Massad’s major concern involved funding. The senior Democrat on the committee, Debbie Stabenow of Michigan, sought to add a provision that would create a model for backing the CFTC similar to that used for the Securities and Exchange Commission, which offsets taxpayer funds it receives with fees and fines. The proposal was not included in the final bill.  “The funding language proposed by Senator Stabenow addresses the fact that we are the only federal financial regulator without some form of fee-based funding,” Massad said. Republican John Boozman of Arkansas, who has say over the CFTC’s budget as chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on financial services, shot down the idea, describing funding tied to fines as a “bounty program.” ",1
9935,"Six years after BP spill, U.S. sets new offshore oil safety rules","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration on Thursday unveiled new oil well control rules to prevent the kind of blowout that happened six years ago on a BP Plc (BP.L) rig in the Gulf of Mexico. The Interior Department’s Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement announced the finalized regulations, which include more stringent design requirements and operational procedures for offshore oil and gas operations. The new standards come nearly six years after a deadly explosion and fire on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig off the cost of Louisiana, which led to the worst oil spill of all time. The Macondo well blowout and the fire on April 20,2010 killed 11 workers.  Interior Secretary Sally Jewell told reporters the rule took six years to complete because the agency wanted to understand the root cause of the disaster. “There are a number of things that went wrong,” she said. “It was important that we understood those things and the evolution of technology.” The Interior Department said it took into account industry and other stakeholder feedback since it first proposed the rule last April.  To improve the “culture of safety” on oil rigs and prevent future spills or blowouts, the new rule tightens requirements for blowout preventers, well design, well control casing, cementing and sub-sea containment.  It also calls for real-time monitoring, third party reviews of equipment, regular inspections and safe drilling margin requirements. The agency estimates the new rule would cost the industry $890 million over a 10-year period, but would yield $1.5 billion in benefits.  Republican Louisiana Senator David Vitter slammed what he called an “overarching” rule that would “kick our oil and gas industry while it’s down.”  Industry lobby group the American Petroleum Institute said it is still reviewing the document, but said technical problems in the initial proposal could cause unintended consequences if they remain. Offshore drilling has seen at least 1,066 injuries, 496 fires and explosions, 22 losses of well control, 11 big oil spills and 11 fatalities since the Deepwater Horizon accident, according to the Interior Department. Jacqueline Savitz, vice president of the ocean protection advocacy group Oceana, said the new standards were “a significant improvement over the status quo” since Congress has not passed legislation to improve offshore drilling safety but are “absolutely not sufficient to protect our oceans.” Earlier this month, a federal judge in New Orleans approved BP’s $20 billion settlement, paving the way for Gulf restoration to begin. ",1
9936,"Celebrity U.S. presidential picks prompt alliances, rifts","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pop star Demi Lovato is jazzed about Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton. Comic Sarah Silverman’s enthusiasm for Bernie Sanders is no joke. Meanwhile, 1980s sitcom star Scott Baio wants Republican businessman Donald Trump to be in charge.  With Tuesday’s New York primary approaching and California’s contest scheduled for June, celebrities are getting increasingly vocal about their presidential picks. The trend is prompting newfound alliances and rifts among Hollywood’s elite, many of whom have donated to candidates vying for the office and actively campaigned for them.  Celebrities are hardly shy about voicing their political preferences, but their opinions could carry more weight this year. The primaries in New York and California, where many of them live, actually matter for a change. Usually, both parties’ nominees for president are effectively determined earlier in the process. Prominent female comedians are split on whom they support in the Nov. 8 election. While Silverman is backing Sanders, two actresses who have played Clinton in satirical sketches on the show “Saturday Night Live” say they are fans of the former secretary of state. Amy Poehler appeared in a Clinton campaign video while Kate McKinnon said on an episode of “Close/Up with The Hollywood Reporter” last year that she is rooting for her. And cast members from the 1980s sitcom “Cheers” are not toasting the same candidate. George Wendt is listed on Sanders’ website as a supporter while Ted Danson recently campaigned for Clinton in New Hampshire.  Meanwhile, Kirstie Alley voiced enthusiastic support for Trump last week, sparking a Twitter storm.  “HELLO BOYS! This is my formal endorsement of @realDonaldTrump & I’m a woman! (last I checked),” Alley tweeted.   As primary results roll in, like-minded luminaries among the politically active rich and famous are linking up with each other on social media to show their support in numbers. Last week, Jamie Lee Curtis tweeted a photo of herself with  “Scandal” star Kerry Washington. Both women squeezed into a shirt together that said “Yaaas, Hillary!”  Love for a fellow supporter can come in the form of a tweet. After singer Barbra Streisand questioned the criticism over the former first lady’s paid speeches in a tweet in late March, “Girls” star Lena Dunham, who has campaigned for Clinton, declared on Twitter that she was inclined to marry the ten-time Grammy Award winner. Others are engaging in political spats as raucous as the bickering on a Bravo reality show. Actresses Debra Messing and Susan Sarandon traded barbs last month on Twitter over their support for Clinton and Sanders, respectively. Sarandon suggested that “principled people” might have difficulty voting for Clinton due to her environmental record.     “Did you see how @SusanSarandon just called us unprincipled?” Messing tweeted to fellow actress and Clinton supporter Kathy Najimy.     “Alright @DebraMessing report me to the homeroom teacher and let’s STOP,” Sarandon replied.      On the Republican side, celebrity Trump supporters are defending themselves on social media. Singer Aaron Carter’s Twitter endorsement of Trump in February prompted a barrage of snarky comments. He later wrote, “NO! you guys aren’t going to bully me into my beliefs.” While many celebrities are staunch in their views on the next president, some are trying to be more open-minded. Caitlyn Jenner, who famously revealed her identity as a transgender woman last year, said in an interview on the “Today Show” in March that she was a Republican. But her daughter Kendall and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian, as well as fellow costars on Jenner’s reality show “I Am Cait,” are Clinton fans. A month ago, Jenner posted a photo on Instagram with Clinton with the hashtags #learningfrommygirls and #willingtolisten.  Still, Clinton fans would be wise not to count her as a supporter just yet. On a March episode of her show, Jenner said she would “never ever ever vote for Hillary.” ",1
9937,Trump's 'Paterno' comment sparks jeers on social media,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump drew guffaws and derision on social media after he asked a campaign rally in Pittsburgh, “How’s Joe Paterno?” The legendary Penn State University football coach died four years ago.  “I went to school in this state. I know a lot about Pennsylvania and it’s great,” Trump said. “How’s Joe Paterno? We gonna bring that back? How about that whole deal?”  The term ""Joe Paterno"" quickly became a top trending topic on Twitter, with many asking if Trump knew Paterno was dead. A video clip was posted on YouTube.  Paterno, once one of the most revered college athletic coaches in the United States, was fired by Pennsylvania State University in 2011 over a child sexual abuse scandal involving assistant coach Jerry Sandusky. Paterno died on Jan. 21, 2012. Sandusky was later convicted on child sex abuse charges.  Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said the candidate was referring to a statue of Paterno that was removed from the campus in 2012. A Quinnipiac University survey in 2015 showed that many Pennsylvanians want it returned to the campus.  Penn State spokesman Ben Manning said on Thursday the university does not comment on candidates’ campaign speeches.  Social media users mocked Trump for seemingly implying that he would bring Paterno back to life.  ""Someone should tell Trump that Joe Paterno is dead and also that he conspired with a serial child rapist,"" tweeted kept_simple (@kept_simple).  BuzzFeed political editor Katherine Miller (@katherinemiller) tweeted, ""Trump obviously meant when are we going to bring back the Paterno statue and then, subsequently, Paterno back from beyond, through sorcery.""  Twitter users with accounts geo-tagged to the university’s home, the town of State College, had mixed reactions.  ""Bring Paterno back? @realdonaldtrump has odd expectations of his abilities, and responsibilities, as president,"" tweeted Holly Swanson (@StateCollegeMom).  Not all reaction was negative.  ""All Trump has to do is say he'll bring the Paterno statue back. He'll win PA in a landslide,"" Kalooz (@Kalzony53).  Trump had weighed in on the fallout from the Sandusky scandal in July 2012 when the National Collegiate Athletic Association levied sanctions against Penn State’s football program. He said in a tweet that the program should be suspended.  ",1
9938,U.S. lawmakers target May 1 for Puerto Rico debt crisis bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican and Democratic leaders in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday expressed optimism over prospects for a bill helping Puerto Rico out of its debt crisis, but they indicated that a legislative fix could still be weeks away at least. Democratic and Republican lawmakers are working in “good faith” to finalize legislation addressing Puerto Rico’s debt crisis by May 1, Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader said. House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican, said, “I think we are going to get there.” Pelosi said at her weekly news conference that Democrats still have some concerns about the bill and are working with Republicans to address them. Republicans who control Congress outlined a plan this week to help Puerto Rico write off billions of dollars in debt if an agreement with creditors is out of reach. That plan would create a forum for investors to negotiate with Puerto Rico officials while the island’s government tries to curb deficit spending that has created $70 billion in debt.  Ryan told reporters at a separate press conference on Thursday that there were not enough Democratic votes in the House Natural Resources Committee to help get the measure approved. But House Republican aides acknowledge that they also have work to do on their side of the aisle, especially in convincing some of their more conservative members that a Puerto Rico aid bill is needed. Underscoring that, Ryan is calling together his 246 Republican members for a closed meeting on Friday to review the legislation that is taking shape and to urge support. One aide characterized the message Friday as being aimed at helping Republicans understand that if they do not support a Puerto Rico bill now, much more costly bailout measures likely would be necessary down the road. Ryan said his priority on Puerto Rico is twofold: “To protect the American taxpayer and to help bring order to the chaos that will befall Puerto Rico if the status quo continues going in the direction its going.” Pelosi said Democrats’ main concern with the Republicans’ first draft of the legislation was the part of the bill on restructuring. Negotiators were moving forward on the makeup of a proposed oversight board, Pelosi said, but a “new wrinkle” has emerged over the role of creditors in the U.S. commonwealth’s debt restructuring decisions. Ryan said an oversight board would be the best possible way to prevent taxpayers from bailing out Puerto Rico. ",1
9939,House Speaker Ryan: lawmakers likely to come together on Puerto Rico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday expressed confidence that lawmakers would ultimately be able to move on a legislative fix to address Puerto Rico’s debt crisis. “I think we are going to get there,” he told reporters at a weekly press briefing, adding that an oversight board would be the best possible way to prevent taxpayers from bailing out the U.S. commonwealth. ",1
9940,"Thornton, Arkansas congressman who figured in Nixon impeachment, dies","LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (Reuters) - Former U.S. Representative Ray Thornton of Arkansas, who helped draft the articles of impeachment against President Richard Nixon, has died in hospice care in Little Rock at the age of 87, officials said on Thursday. “Ray was an Arkansas gem who passionately served the people of this state for many years. He was a man who had a genuine heart for the people of Arkansas.” said Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson.     Thornton, a Democrat, held a variety of elected and appointive positions in Arkansas. He was state attorney general before winning a seat in Congress in 1972.   After failing to win a U.S. Senate race in 1978, Thornton served as president of two state university systems, then ran successfully in 1990 for U.S. Congress in a different district. “He was courageous in the House of Representatives with his votes on the Nixon impeachment,” said Robert Brown, a retired justice of the Arkansas Supreme Court and a former political aide.  “Ray did as much as a public servant in Arkansas as anyone in recent history, and he did it all with a courtliness and sense of humor that seem to be sorely lacking in today’s politics.” Thornton, whose health had been declining for weeks before he died on Wednesday, enraged then-President Bill Clinton, a fellow Arkansan and Democrat, by voting against the president’s 1993 budget bill designed to reverse years of deficits.  Thornton said he was merely honoring a pledge to his constituents to oppose any tax increases, especially a motor fuels tax regarded as onerous.  Thornton’s opposition and pressure from the White House compelled another Democrat, Representative Marjorie Margolies Mezvinsky of Pennsylvania, to change her position and support Clinton’s legislation.  Mezvinsky was defeated in the next election. Her son, Marc, later married Clinton’s daughter, Chelsea. Upon leaving Congress a second time, Thornton was elected to the Arkansas Supreme Court, where he helped strike down a state law establishing term limits for members of Congress.  In 1996, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld Thornton’s finding, ruling that state’s lacked the authority to restrict federal tenures. ",1
9941,House Speaker Ryan says opposes giving Iran access to U.S. dollar,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday said he opposed any effort to give Iran access to the U.S. dollar, citing concerns about what Tehran would do with any financial access gained in the wake of the Iran nuclear deal. “This is one of the reasons I adamantly oppose any steps this administration may take to give Iran access to the dollar,” he told reporters at a weekly press conference. A top U.S. official has said that Iran is not gaining access to U.S. financial system. ",1
9942,House Speaker Ryan backs continued aid to Egypt,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he backs continuing the $1.3 billion in annual military aid that Washington sends to Egypt, but that its human rights record makes it “more difficult” to support the Cairo government. “We give $1.3 billion a year to Egypt. I don’t think we should take that away,” Ryan said during a meeting with foreign policy reporters at his U.S. Capitol office after a visit to Israel, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and other countries in the region. He said he had raised the rights issue with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi. The aid package for Cairo has been in focus in Washington because of growing unease among both Ryan’s fellow Republicans and Democrats that Sisi’s government is exploiting security concerns to crack down on dissent. Ryan said he told Sisi: “You make it more difficult for us to be supportive of you when you have so many human rights violations,” adding that every U.S. official who visited Cairo should make that case. However, he stressed that it is essential that Washington not allow Egypt to become a failed state. Ryan also told reporters it was “too soon” to weigh in on an emergency funding “Marshall Plan” that some lawmakers have proposed to boost countries in the region socially and economically rather than only focus on military aspects in the fight to counter Islamic State and other militant groups. “I think it’s too soon to jump to that conclusion,” Ryan said, when asked whether he would support some sort of emergency appropriations program like the “Marshall Plan” suggested by  fellow Republican Senator Lindsey Graham. ",1
9943,"Trump takes steps to reset his campaign, tries to soften his image ","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican front-runner Donald Trump took fresh steps to reset his campaign on Wednesday, hiring a top Republican operative and scheduling a meeting between aides and U.S. lawmakers as he girds for a new phase in his White House bid. Trump is under pressure to professionalize his campaign beyond a close-knit group of advisers and expand the appeal of his anti-establishment candidacy in the face of fierce opposition from rival U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and a well-funded anti-Trump operation run by establishment Republicans. Trump announced he had hired Rick Wiley as his national political director. Wiley, a long-time Republican strategist, had been campaign manager for Scott Walker, the Wisconsin governor who dropped out of the presidential race last autumn. “He brings decades of experience, and his deep ties to political leaders and activists across the country will be a tremendous asset as we enter the final phase of securing the nomination,” Trump said in a statement. In addition, Trump’s campaign arranged a meeting in Washington of about a dozen U.S. legislators as the fierce anti-establishment candidate tries to build more relationships inside Washington and broaden his appeal. The meeting with the lawmakers and senior Trump adviser Ed Brookover is planned for Thursday morning on Capitol Hill, congressional aides said. About a dozen lawmakers are expected to attend, some of whom have endorsed Trump and some of whom have not but who are interested in his message. Trump will not be there. A series of policy speeches Trump plans to begin delivering soon could be among the topics discussed, one source said. “They’re definitely planning several policy speeches ... and they are looking for input on those,” a Republican source familiar with the situation said. The Trump campaign received some good news when Politico reported that campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, who was charged last month in Florida with battery on a reporter, will not be prosecuted. Palm Beach County State Attorney David Aronberg is scheduled to announce the decision not to press charges on Thursday afternoon, Politico reported, citing sources with knowledge of the situation. In another development, Trump met privately at Trump Tower in New York with Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly after months of attacking her for the tough questions she asked him at a Republican debate last August about his treatment of women. Tensions between Trump and Kelly, and controversial remarks he has made about abortion, have contributed to Trump’s negative image with women. Opinion polls show the New York billionaire is viewed unfavorably by women by a wide margin. Kelly said on her Fox News show she had asked for the meeting and used it to request an interview. “We met for about an hour just the two of us and had a chance to clear the air,” she said. In recent days Trump has attempted to soften his image with important constituencies such as female voters. A group interview on CNN on Tuesday night featured Trump, his wife, Melania, daughter Ivanka and sons Eric and Donald Jr., and showed a more personal side to the often-brusque businessman. Melania Trump said she had fussed at Trump to stop tweeting at night. “If he would only listen,” she said, chuckling. Republican strategist Ron Bonjean said the hiring of Wiley and, two weeks ago, of delegate specialist Paul Manafort suggest that Trump is preparing for a contested convention in July should he not win outright the 1,237 delegates needed for the Republican presidential nomination.  “Without having good people on your team who understand how to navigate those waters, you’re in big trouble,” he said. The steps point to a new phase of Trump’s campaign after vulnerabilities were exposed when he was beaten in Wisconsin by Cruz and outmaneuvered by Cruz in the competition for delegates in Colorado. As the Trump campaign attempts to get a better handle on the complicated delegate selection process, Trump is expected to send a contingent to a Republican National Committee (RNC) meeting in Florida next week. Trump has been in a war of words with the RNC, accusing the party apparatus of having rules that, for example, allowed party regulars in Colorado to select delegates without giving Republicans there a chance to vote. Trump on Tuesday said that RNC Chairman Reince Priebus “should be ashamed of himself.” Priebus, who met Trump two weeks ago at RNC headquarters in Washington, said the delegate-selection rules have been in place for a year and it is the responsibility of each campaign to understand them. “Complaints now? Give us all a break,” Priebus tweeted. ",1
9944,"Unions endorse Sanders, Clinton for president as NY race nears","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders won his first endorsement from a fellow U.S. senator on Wednesday, and he and rival Hillary Clinton both announced backing from New York City labor unions as they battled to win next week’s state primary. The Transport Workers Union Local 100, representing 42,000 workers in the New York region, backed Sanders as he struggled to dent Clinton’s lead in a state each has called home. Deriding “fierce attacks” against unions over the last several decades, Sanders called organized labor the last line of defense against corporate greed in America. “We’ve got to stand together, take on the big-money interests and make it clear that our government works for all of us, not just the 1 percent,” the U.S. senator from Vermont said. Following his endorsement announcement, Sanders joined a picket line of Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) workers, who went on strike on Wednesday after contract talks hit an impasse. He thanked the workers for fighting corporate greed and told them: “Today you are standing up not just for justice for Verizon workers. You’re standing up for millions of Americans.” Clinton, a former two-term senator from New York, scored her own union endorsement from Local 3 International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, representing more than 27,000 area workers. Sanders trails Clinton in the number of delegates won in primaries and caucuses. The former U.S. secretary of state has 1,758 delegates to Sanders’ 1,069, according to the Associated Press. A candidate needs 2,383 delegates to win the nomination to be the party’s candidate in the Nov. 8 election. Clinton on Wednesday also won backing from New York’s Daily News, which called her a “superprepared warrior realist” who understands the economic toll the country has faced, while labeling Sanders “utterly unprepared” with “politically impossible” goals. The newspaper’s editorial board interview with Clinton’s Brooklyn-born rival this month prompted criticism of Sanders as lacking detailed understanding of some of his main policy initiatives. U.S. Senator Jeff Merkley, an Oregon Democrat, announced his endorsement of Sanders in a New York Times column, saying he supports Sanders for his work battling economic inequality, opposing trade deals and fighting for the middle class. “It is time to recommit ourselves to that vision of a country that measures our nation’s success not at the boardroom table, but at kitchen tables across America,” wrote Merkley, the junior U.S. senator from Oregon. Merkley’s announcement precedes Oregon’s May 17 primary. ",1
9945,Trump's jobs homecoming a long shot even in manufacturing hot spots ,"JACKSONVILLE, Fla (Reuters) - When U.S. manufacturing employment peaked, Jimmy Carter was president, inflation was 11 percent, and craftsmen at Frontier Contact Lenses made the company’s products one at a time on diamond-tipped lathes. As presidential candidates promise to reclaim jobs lost in the intervening decades, they might want to visit the company now. Bought by Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) in 1981, the fully automated factory allows four workers to produce in a 12-hour shift what more labor-intensive methods produced in a year. The Jacksonville plant and one in Ireland make 4 billion soft contacts a year, and between the robots and lasers and computer algorithms no worker touches the product from the start of the process through final packaging. “I don’t think you could even make 4 billion lenses” using the old method, said David Turner, vice president of research and development for Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc. “You’d need a guy with a lathe in every town.” Since peaking at 19.5 million in 1979, the number of U.S. manufacturing jobs has fallen 37 percent to around 12.2 million as of March, or just over 10 percent of the private sector workforce. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/1WqpioK) That may be as good as it gets. Despite the promises made on the campaign trail by Republican frontrunner Donald Trump and other candidates, the next president will find it hard to raise manufacturing’s share of a U.S. labor force that keeps shifting toward services. While much of the jobs debate has centered on trade pacts  that Democrats and Republicans have backed over the last quarter century, both successful and struggling companies and sectors offer evidence of long-term trends that neither sharp trade negotiators nor aggressive political leaders can easily reverse. Even critics of trade deals acknowledge that labor intensive industries, such as textiles, which once employed hundreds of thousands of less-skilled workers, are probably gone for good. Technology continues to diminish the share of labor in production and its spread around the world has made other nations - notably China, but also Korea, Brazil, Mexico and former Soviet bloc countries - competitive both as exporters and in their own markets. Investment worldwide is drifting steadily toward services, according to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, and Americans are spending relatively less of their income on manufactured goods.     A Reuters analysis of federal data for 1,267 categories of goods shows that the United States has been running a trade deficit in more than 500 of them since at least 1992 - before the North American Free Trade Agreement came into force or China joined the World Trade Organization, events often cited as turning points for U.S. manufacturing. Since the 2007-2009 recession manufacturing has added about 800,000 jobs, but that has lagged overall job growth. As a result manufacturing’s share of private employment has continued to fall, from about 11 percent since the recession ended. “The move toward a more global market hurts the marginal, low-skilled worker, but it was inevitable and you cannot roll it back,” said Brookings Institution senior fellow Barry Bosworth. At CareerSource Northeast Florida, a job development group, President Bruce Ferguson, Jr. said by necessity he focused on finding a “path” for entry level service sector employees to move up a career ladder, because services are where the growth is.   “The raw (manufacturing) numbers don’t look anything like the service sector and they never will,” he said.  A majority of 6,500 Americans surveyed in March as part of Reuters/Ipsos 2016 campaign polling acknowledged that free trade brings lower prices, but also saw it as a drag on wages and jobs and an “important” issue for the next president to confront. Tapping such concerns, Trump has promised punitive tariffs to “bring back” jobs for those left behind in the current recovery, particularly the roughly two thirds of Americans without a college degree.    Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton switched gears as a candidate to oppose a major Pacific trade deal and promises billions in public support for manufacturing. Her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders calls for worker protection against what he considers unfair trade, while Republican Ted Cruz has focused on trimming government red tape. However, playing tough on trade carries some risks and there are limits to what trade talks and tariffs can accomplish. The U.S. steel industry is a case in point. The American Iron and Steel Institute estimates around 12,000 jobs were lost to a recent jump in imports, mainly from China. It reckons those jobs could be recovered with steps, such as the anti-dumping duties imposed by Washington late last year. That pales, however, in comparison with more than 200,000 jobs that the sector has lost since the early 1980s, some because of imports, but some because the amount of labor needed to produce a ton of steel has fallen from 10 hours to less than two.  “There has been a short term loss that is definitely attributable to imports, while a longer term trend reflects technological innovation,” said Kevin Dempsey, the institute’s senior vice president.  Such dynamic is not limited to old industries like steel. Florida is home to successful manufacturers big and small in a wide range of sectors, which export nearly half of their output - double the national average. Yet, as is the case nationally, the share of jobs available to those with a high school degree has been shrinking since 2000, according to federal data, and wages have been stagnant. Johnson & Johnson Vision Care’s recent approval of a $300 million expansion, which added some 100 jobs, cements the company’s U.S. presence, but also shows how technology and innovation reshape the landscape. The company’s local workforce has risen to around 1,700, but about 60 percent of that are white collar and non-manufacturing jobs - from research positions for PhD scientists to those in sales and a highly automated shipping operation. Florida development officials say the trend is clear: manufacturers keep cutting the labor content of their products and each round of investment tends to drive up the skill levels that workers need. That may benefit the state’s economy, but acts as a reality check for workers who hope that the November 8 presidential vote can reverse decades-old trends. “How do you evaluate a company that says we will spend a lot of money and make the workforce more qualified but not create many jobs?” said Aaron Bowman, senior vice president for business development at JAXUSA Partnership, a regional economic development agency and division of the local chamber of commerce. “Over time you see more projects that bring in fewer jobs but a bigger bang.”     ",1
9946,Republican Cruz speaks highly of Rubio when asked about possible VP running mate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican White House hopeful Ted Cruz said on Wednesday he is looking at who he might select as his vice presidential running mate should he become the party’s presidential nominee, and that he thinks highly of former rival Marco Rubio. Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, appeared on a CNN town hall with his wife, Heidi, and two daughters and showed a more personal side. He trails front-runner Donald Trump in the race to get 1,237 delegates to seal the nomination, but he expressed confidence he can emerge as the winner if he can chip away at Trump’s lead and force Republicans to pick their nominee at a contested convention in July. Cruz said he and his team are looking at possible vice presidential running mates. “We’re in the process now of looking at a number of different options,” said Cruz without mentioning names. Asked about Rubio, Cruz called him an “amazing communicator” who inspired millions across the country in his presidential campaign. “I consider Marco a friend,” said Cruz, adding that “anyone would naturally look at Marco” for the No. 2 position on the Republican ticket. Cruz and Rubio, a U.S. senator from Florida, engaged in bitter fights over illegal immigration during the campaign. Rubio was forced from the race after losing the Florida Republican primary on March 15. Cruz said they have now put those differences behind them. The town hall included some exchanges that were aimed at showing what Cruz is like at home. Heidi Cruz said that shortly after they were married, her husband once brought home 100 cans of soup, a haul that was so big she took them back. Asked if he had ever not followed his wife’s advice, Cruz said he could not remember any examples, but Heidi Cruz had a ready response for him. “Sometimes you don’t take out the trash when I ask you to,” she said. ",1
9947,"Sanders, Clinton join picket lines, fight for union support","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential contenders Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton joined striking Verizon workers’ picket lines on Wednesday after Sanders was endorsed by New York City transit workers in his fight for union support that has largely gone to Clinton. Sanders addressed hundreds of striking workers in Brooklyn as “brothers and sisters” and thanked them for their courage in standing up to what he characterized as corporate greed by the mammoth communications company. Employees cheered as Sanders, who was born in Brooklyn, criticized Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) for wanting to take away health benefits, outsource jobs and avoid federal income taxes, calling it “just another major American corporation trying to destroy the lives of working Americans.” “Today I became a Bernie supporter. Basically just having his presence and knowing that he acknowledges the working class matters,” said technician Kerryann Reid, 36, who said she has worked for Verizon for 15 years. It was a scene tailor-made for the U.S. senator from Vermont, who has focused on income inequality in his campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination. Sanders is trying to catch up with Clinton, the front-runner, in Tuesday’s primary in New York, a state both candidates have called home. On Wednesday afternoon, several dozen workers picketing a Verizon store in Manhattan cheered as Clinton arrived to show her support.  “This has been going on for months,” she said of the deadlocked contract talks, adding that the employees needed all the support they could get. Despite Sanders’ daily championing of the rights of working-class Americans, Clinton has racked up the lion’s share of support from organized labor, a crucial base for the Democratic Party. Among Democrats and independents who belong to a labor union, 50 percent support Clinton and 36 percent back Sanders, according to a Reuters/Ipsos national poll in March. In comparison, Clinton and Sanders have been about even in the poll among all Democrats and independents. The poll from March 1 to March 31 included 780 people who said they were Democrats or independents and belonged to a labor union. It had a credibility interval of 4 percentage points. Nearly 40,000 Verizon employees went on strike on Wednesday in one of the largest U.S. walkouts in recent years after contract talks hit an impasse. “You are standing up not just for justice for Verizon workers, you’re standing up for millions of Americans ... and you’re telling corporate America that they cannot have it all,” Sanders told the striking workers. Verizon Chief Executive Officer Lowell McAdam accused Sanders of getting the facts wrong and oversimplifying the situation, dismissing the candidate’s views as “contemptible.” The company has to adapt to competition and technology, but still provides good jobs and benefits to thousands, he said in a statement. Sanders fired back on Twitter at McAdam and General Electric Co (GE.N) Chief Executive Jeff Immelt, who criticized Sanders in an opinion article last week. “I don’t want the support of McAdam, Immelt and their friends in the billionaire class,” Sanders wrote. “I welcome their contempt.” While Sanders whipped up the crowd in Brooklyn, Clinton’s campaign issued a statement criticizing Verizon for wanting to outsource more jobs and urging the company to go back to the bargaining table. “To preserve and grow America’s middle class, we need to protect good wages and benefits, including retirement security,” Clinton said. “And we should be doing all we can to keep good-paying jobs with real job security in New York.” Earlier in the day, Sanders announced the endorsement of Transport Workers Union Local 100, representing 42,000 workers in the New York City area.  Clinton, meanwhile, won the backing of a local unit, representing more than 27,000 area workers, of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, one of the unions involved in the Verizon strike. The other union involved in the strike, the Communications Workers of America, has endorsed Sanders for president. Other influential unions that have backed Clinton include the AFSCME, a public employees union with 1.6 million members, and the Service Employees International Union, or SEIU, which has about 2 million members in a variety of professions. In what was widely viewed as a win for Sanders, the AFL-CIO, the country’s largest labor union federation, in February declined to endorse a candidate in the Democratic primary. Sanders also won his first endorsement from a fellow U.S. senator, Democrat Jeff Merkley of Oregon, on Wednesday, while Clinton was endorsed by New York’s Daily News, which called her a “superprepared warrior realist.” ",1
9948,Trump campaign manager will not be prosecuted on battery charge: Politico,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s campaign manager, who was charged in Florida last month with battery on a reporter, will not be prosecuted, Politico reported on Wednesday, citing sources with knowledge of the situation. Corey Lewandowski was charged with intentionally grabbing and bruising the arm of Michelle Fields, then a reporter for the conservative news outlet Breitbart, when she tried to question Trump at a campaign event on March 8. Palm Beach County State Attorney David Aronberg is scheduled to announce the decision not to press charges against Lewandowski on Thursday afternoon, Politico said. ",1
9949,U.S. Congress panel postpones work on Puerto Rico debt bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Legislation to help Puerto Rico climb out of a debilitating debt crisis hit new resistance in the U.S. Congress on Wednesday, prompting Republicans to cancel a planned work session that was set for Thursday on the measure. The House Natural Resources Committee’s planned “markup” of legislation Republicans unveiled late on Tuesday was being called off, panel Chairman Rob Bishop announced in a statement. He said the Obama administration was still negotiating provisions and that it would be “unfair to all members to force a vote” with the talks ongoing. One congressional aide said the abrupt move was being taken because there was not enough support among panel members to get the legislation approved and sent to the full House of Representatives for debate. It was unclear when the committee would reschedule a work session. Earlier on Wednesday, a U.S. Treasury official told the committee that the U.S. Congress must allow Puerto Rico to erase a share of its debt or investors will face a long, uncertain fight to recover their money from the cash-strapped island. Republicans who control Congress outlined a plan this week to help Puerto Rico write off billions of dollars in debt if an agreement with creditors is out of reach. That plan would create a forum for investors to negotiate with Puerto Rico officials while the island’s government tries to curb deficit spending that has created $70 billion in debt. Such a plan would signal to Wall Street that the Puerto Rico financial crisis is manageable, said Antonio Weiss who is handling the issue for the Treasury Department. Without congressional action, Weiss said, investors face years of combat in the courts. “Chaos will ensue and the (Puerto Rico) economy will face another lost decade,” he told the Natural Resources panel of the House of Representatives. As a territory of the United States, Puerto Rico answers to Congress and its people are American citizens. Roughly 2.5 percent of the island’s population is migrating to the mainland each year to escape the financial crisis, Weiss said. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday said the Congressional rescue plan was the right move but many Republicans disagree. Wall Street would be rattled if Congress rewrote the terms of Puerto Rico debt and that could sour investor appetite for other municipal bonds, said Representative Jeff Duncan of South Carolina. “I believe we’re going down a slippery slope here,” Duncan said on Wednesday at a hearing on the proposal. Rather than meddle in markets, he said lawmakers should stand aside and let Puerto Rico settle its disputes with investors.  Rob Wittman, a Virginia Republican who also sits on the Natural Resources panel agreed. “Congressional intervention at this point would serve to alter the rule of law,” he said in a statement. Weiss told lawmakers that the current rescue plan was not perfect but it was the cheapest option since it only involves rewriting some rules for investors. “The alternative to this legislation ... will in fact become a bailout,” Weiss said. He noted that the Zika virus is spreading across Puerto Rico and the island is poorly-equipped to handle that emergency while the financial crisis looms. ",1
9950,Puerto Rico creditors cancel lawsuit after governor's emergency order,"SAN JUAN (Reuters) - - Creditors of Puerto Rico’s Government Development Bank on Wednesday withdrew a lawsuit that sought to prevent a run on the bank ahead of a $422 million debt payment due on May 1. Hedge funds including Brigade Capital Management and Claren Road Asset Management, which hold some of GDB’s $3.75 billion in debt, said in a statement that the lawsuit had no purpose now that Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla has declared a fiscal emergency at the bank. The emergency declaration, issued on Saturday, prevents GDB from lending and paying certain debts, and blocks depositors from withdrawing any money not required to fund essential services. This is essentially what the creditors had sought in their lawsuit, which was filed four days before Garcia Padilla’s declaration. Puerto Rico faces $70 billion in total debt, a 45 percent poverty rate, and a shrinking population, all of which threaten to collapse its economy. GDB owes creditors $422 million on May 1, a payment Garcia Padilla has said it cannot afford. The emergency declaration aimed to keep money in the bank while the bank negotiates a restructuring with creditors. While the U.S. territory has missed some minor debt payments in the last year, a default at GDB - the primary liquidity source for the island’s public entities - would be by far the most significant. Default would also likely push the bank into receivership.  Efforts to avoid that fate parallel a push by federal lawmakers to find a legislative solution to Puerto Rico’s debt. ",1
9951,Dealmakers say a Trump presidency would be bad for M&A,"(Reuters) - A Donald Trump presidency would be bad for corporate dealmaking, according to a global survey of people who advise companies on mergers and acquisitions, or M&A. Nearly two-thirds of 1,500 respondents - including investment bankers, lawyers and people who work for private equity firms - said a Trump presidency would create uncertainty that would deter executives from launching bids. The survey was conducted in April by Intralinks Holdings Inc IL.N, which provides confidential meeting rooms used by companies when they allow would-be bidders to look through their accounts. “The real story is that dealmakers crave less disruption, and Trump has been a polarizing figure on a global scale,” Matt Porzio, vice president of strategy at Intralinks, said in a phone interview on Wednesday. Trump is the front-runner for the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election. His unpredictable style and fiery rhetoric have some investors worried that as president he could trigger trade wars, hurt the economy and add a lot of volatility to financial markets. The New York real estate developer prides himself on his ability to make good deals, and M&A professionals in the United States were less concerned about his impact on business than their peers elsewhere. According to the survey, 46 percent of U.S. dealmakers said they believed Trump would have a negative impact on M&A activity, compared with 83 percent of dealmakers in Latin America. Trump has sparked controversy with his call for building a wall along the Mexican border and for deporting 11 million illegal immigrants from the United States. Some 71 percent of dealmakers based in Europe and 75 percent in Asia thought Trump would be bad for business. Globally, only 45 percent of respondents thought that U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, a self-described socialist who is competing with Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination, would be bad for M&A activity. But the same proportion - 45 percent - thought Clinton would have a positive impact on mergers and acquisitions, making her the candidate viewed to have the highest positive impact on corporate tie-ups. ",1
9952,Senate panel releases draft of controversial encryption bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. senators on Wednesday issued a formal draft of a controversial bill that would give courts the power to order technology companies like Apple to help authorities break into encrypted devices or communications for law enforcement or intelligence purposes. The proposal arrives just days after an earlier draft leaked online and drew fire from security researchers and civil liberties advocates who warned it would undermine Internet security and expose personal data to hackers. Those same groups on Wednesday said the new draft is little different from the leaked version. The bill comes as the U.S. Justice Department has redoubled its efforts to use the courts to force Apple (AAPL.O) to unlock encrypted iPhones. Senators Richard Burr and Dianne Feinstein, the Senate intelligence committee’s Republican chair and top Democrat, said in a statement they intended now to “solicit input from the public and key stakeholders before formally introducing the bill.” “I am hopeful that this draft will start a meaningful and inclusive debate on the role of encryption and its place within the rule of law,” Burr said. “Based on initial feedback, I am confident that the discussion has begun.” The new discussion draft does not require manufacturers or communications companies to process, transmit or store data in any particular format.  Rather, it requires companies, upon receipt of a court order, to turn over to the government “data in an intelligible format” even if encryption has rendered that data inaccessible to anyone other than the owner. Companies must ensure their products “be capable of complying,” the bill states. Critics say that amounts to a ban on strong encryption. The latest version of the bill narrows the scope of cases where a court can issue an order. Those include crimes that caused or could cause death or serious injury or that involve drug offenses or child victims, in addition to foreign intelligence operations, according to the text. Andrew Crocker, staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights group, said changes in the new discussion draft were minimal and the bill still threatened Internet security because companies would only be able to comply by weakening encryption in all their products. The proposed legislation, which is expected to continue facing strong opposition from the technology sector and privacy advocates, faces an uphill battle in a gridlocked Congress. “This flawed bill would leave Americans more vulnerable to stalkers, identity thieves, foreign hackers and criminals,” said Democratic Senator Ron Wyden in a statement. ",1
9953,U.S. House panel says Puerto Rico bill in limbo as talks continue,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Rob Bishop on Wednesday said Obama administration proposals to change a Puerto Rico debt relief bill are under negotiation, requiring the panel to cancel a Thursday work session on a Republican bill. “The administration is still negotiating on provisions of the legislation, creating uncertainty in both parties,” Bishop said in a prepared statement. He added that “it is unfair to all members to force a vote” in the committee as negotiations continue. Bishop, a Republican, had hoped to work on the legislation Thursday and hold a committee vote that would have sent it to the full House of Representatives for consideration. One congressional source told Reuters that the Thursday session was being canceled because the legislation lacked adequate support in the committee. ",1
9954,U.S. House panel cancels Thursday session on Puerto Rico debt bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. House of Representatives committee has canceled Thursday’s work session on legislation aimed at helping Puerto Rico dig out of a debt crisis, according to congressional aides. The aides, who asked not to be identified, said on Wednesday the House Natural Resources Committee “markup” of the bill that had been set for Thursday was being postponed. They did not give a reason or say when it would be rescheduled. The panel had hoped to approve the legislation, sending it to the full House for consideration. ",1
9955,"U.S. Treasury, Democrats concerned over Puerto Rico plan ","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress was ironing out a new plan on Wednesday to rescue Puerto Rico from crippling debts that threaten the island territory’s funding for hospitals and emergency services, as the treatment of bondholders simmers as a point of contention. The Obama administration and congressional Democrats raised concerns about legislation being floated by Republicans. It would steer creditors and holders of Puerto Rico bonds toward a new, independent board that would seek a fair way to write down an estimated $70 billion in debt. Puerto Rico’s economy has struggled for years and the U.S. territory’s government has borrowed heavily to pay its bills. Its bankruptcy reorganization options are limited under present law and Congress has become involved. The Republican bill “imposes an unworkable, mandatory process” on debt restructurings “that will only delay the ability to reach a comprehensive resolution,” Treasury Department Counselor Antonio Weiss told a congressional panel. All of Puerto Rico’s many debtors “would have to complete a complicated process before any single entity could begin to restructure,” Weiss said in prepared testimony to the U.S. House of Representatives Natural Resources Committee, which hopes to advance legislation soon. Republicans control the U.S. Congress, but they likely will need support from Democrats to pass a rescue plan. Weiss painted a dire picture of Puerto Rico, where he said essential government services are being curtailed because of a lack of cash, hospitals have closed some floors amid layoffs, and fuel for emergency vehicles is running dry. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, speaking to reporters,  complained of television ads airing in some parts of the United States that she said were misleading. The actions being weighed, Pelosi said, “do not cost the taxpayers one dollar.” Pelosi said Democrats are concerned “about the negative impact of the legislation on working people in Puerto Rico, as well as the effects of transferring federal lands on Vieques without providing for strong conservation protections.”  If the House committee can amend the bill in a way that a majority of members approve, it would advance to the full House. Many investors would face a loss under the Republican plan and are lobbying Congress to protect their bottom lines. The rescue plan adopts some principles of bankruptcy law, and some lawmakers have balked at the idea of letting Puerto Rico modify its bonds, saying it would create chaos for municipal markets. ",1
9956,Critics slam proposed South Carolina transgender bathroom bill,"(Reuters) - A South Carolina bill to require transgender people to use public restrooms matching their sex at birth was slammed by critics on Wednesday, and former Beatles drummer Ringo Starr said he would cancel a performance in North Carolina where a similar law has been passed.  “We need to take a stand against this hatred,” Starr said in a statement. “Spread peace and love.” He said he was canceling a June performance in Cary, North Carolina, to protest that state’s law. Rocker Bruce Springsteen has also scrapped a concert in the state. So-called “bathroom bills” have fueled debate about privacy, religious freedom and equal rights and drawn stern reactions from major corporations and entertainers who call them discriminatory. Most of the speakers at a subcommittee hearing in Columbia, South Carolina, on Wednesday said the bathroom measure proposed there defied logic. “This bill is an undisguised attack on some of our most talented and most vulnerable citizens,” Columbia Mayor Steve Benjamin said, adding it would cause irreparable economic damage. Supporters said opening restrooms and locker rooms to the opposite gender in schools would violate students’ right to privacy.  Republican Senator Lee Bright, who sponsored the measure, said he feared adult men would use more lenient bathroom policies as an excuse to prey on women and children. “I don’t believe that transgender people are pedophiles,” he added. U.S. Attorney Bill Nettles told lawmakers he was unaware of any assaults by transgender people or people pretending to be the opposite sex in South Carolina bathrooms. South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, a Republican, has said the proposed law was unnecessary and unlikely to win legislative approval this year. North Carolina Republican Governor Pat McCrory on Tuesday tweaked his state’s law with an executive order, adding protections against discrimination for state employees based on sexual orientation and gender identity. But McCrory and top Republican lawmakers said they would not repeal the measure, despite companies such as PayPal Holdings and Deutsche Bank halting plans to add jobs in the state. Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards, a Democrat, on Wednesday signed an anti-discrimination order protecting the rights of gay and transgender state employees and employees of state contractors. Edwards said the order was good for business. ",1
9957,Obama to issue new offshore drilling rules on Thursday: source,"(Reuters) - The Obama administration will announce Thursday safety regulations for offshore oil and natural gas drilling to prevent the kind of explosion that happened six years ago on a BP rig in the Gulf of Mexico, an official told Reuters. The Department of Interior will unveil the final version of its well control regulations, which will require more stringent design and operating procedures for well control equipment used in offshore oil and gas operations, said the official, who is close to the rulemaking process.  The agency first released the proposal last April to coincide with the fifth anniversary of the deadly Deepwater Horizon blowout and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010. The Macondo well blowout and the fire on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig on April 20, 2010 killed 11 workers.  BP agreed in October to pay more than $20 billion in fines to resolve nearly all claims from the oil spill, marking the largest corporate settlement of its kind in U.S. history Last year, Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said the rule would build on industry standards for blowout preventers and reform well design, well control, casing, cementing and real-time well monitoring. ",1
9958,Long-stalled email privacy bill advances in Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Legislation that would require law enforcement to obtain a search warrant before asking technology companies to hand over old emails unanimously moved forward in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday, notching a long-awaited win for technology companies and digital privacy advocates. The House Judiciary Committee voted 28-0 to approve the Email Privacy Act, which would update a decades-old law to mandate federal authorities get a warrant to access emails or other digital communications that are more than 180 days old. Currently, law enforcement and civil agencies can ask a service provider to turn over such aged private communications with only a subpoena, which is subject to less judicial oversight than a warrant. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said he planned to bring the bill to a full vote the week of April 25, boosting its chances to become law this year.  If the bill passes the House as expected, it will head to a gridlocked Senate, where more than a quarter of the lawmakers, including No. 2 Republican John Cornyn, has endorsed similar legislation. Debate over law enforcement access to Americans’ electronic communications intensified this year with the Justice Department’s pursuit of a court order to force Apple to help unlock an encrypted iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters. Prior to Wednesday’s vote, the bill had gained sponsorship from 315 of a possible 435 House lawmakers, making it the most supported bill in the chamber to not earn a vote. Disagreements over whether civil agencies such as the Securities and Exchange Commission should be allowed to rely on subpoenas continually slowed the bill, which has floated around Congress for several years.     The White House also has said it favors reforming the 1986 Electronic Communications Privacy Act, but it has not endorsed specific legislation. A package of minor amendments from Representative Bob Goodlatte, the Republican chairman of the committee, was adopted Wednesday, including the removal of a requirement to serve warrants to the subject of an investigation. The bill requires a warrant to be given only to the email provider. That change and others prompted ire from a coalition of more than 50 civil liberties groups, trade associations and technology companies, including Amazon, Microsoft  and Facebook. While maintaining their support, the coalition said in a letter to the committee that the bill “does not achieve all of the reforms we had hoped for.” ",1
9959,"Republican, signaling a shift, says more money needed for Zika fight","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senior U.S. House of Representatives Republican Tom Cole said on Wednesday more funds will be needed to fight the Zika virus in the United States, signaling a shift from insistence by many Republicans that the Obama administration should use existing funds for the effort to combat the growing threat. The Zika outbreak began last year in Brazil and has spread rapidly through the Americas. U.S. officials say local outbreaks are possible in the United States, particularly in southern states like Florida and Texas where the mosquitoes that carry the virus are active. Democrats and Obama administration officials have been urging the Republican-controlled Congress to grant nearly $1.9 billion in emergency funds to fight the virus. In a temporary fix, the White House said last week that it would redirect $589 million in allocated funds to prepare for Zika’s arrival in the continental United States. Representative Cole, who chairs the health appropriations subcommittee, said the funds should last until the end of the government’s fiscal year on Sept. 30. “There’s going to need to be additional money, I don’t think there’s any doubt about that,” Cole told reporters after a House Republican meeting. “We’re having discussions about that now.” Republican Senator Marco Rubio, who is from Florida, broke with other congressional Republicans on Zika last week, announcing his support for President Barack Obama’s $1.9 billion request to fight the virus. On Wednesday, Rubio wrote to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to urge it to clear a backlog of Zika diagnostic tests and prioritize testing for pregnant women, saying he had seen media reports that some pregnant women have waited up to a month for CDC to complete their tests. The White House on Wednesday said a bill that passed on Tuesday was a positive first step in combating Zika but lamented its lack of additional funds needed to fight the virus, which has been linked to a rare birth defect in babies called microcephaly and neurological disorders in adults. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he anticipated that President Barack Obama would sign the bill, which provides financial incentives to companies developing treatments for Zika. Cole said lawmakers have not decided whether any new money to fight Zika would be provided in an appropriations bill, or attached to a “continuing resolution” keeping the government open at current spending levels, if lawmakers end up passing such a measure later this year. “I think the problem is real, certainly there will need to be additional money at the NIH on this,” Cole said, referring to the National Institutes of Health. House Speaker Paul Ryan said, however, that if more money is needed to fight Zika, lawmakers will address the matter through the regular appropriations process. “We will address the situation through the regular appropriations process as the need arises, and our appropriators are looking at how to do just that,” Ryan said at a press conference. ",1
9960,JPMorgan passes up chance to counter Sanders' criticism,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co has been lambasted by Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, but Chief Executive Jamie Dimon opted not to fire back on Wednesday while reviewing quarterly results and taking questions about his latest failure with regulators. “No comment,” Dimon quickly responded on a conference call with reporters when asked about Sanders’ recent statement that JPMorgan was among companies destroying the moral fabric of the nation. Nor was Dimon willing to respond to a follow-up question about the tone of the U.S. presidential campaign. To drive home the refusal, his top communications adviser, Joseph Evangelisti, stepped in and said, “We’re not going to comment on political statements.” Dimon also turned away from the chance to make his case again that JPMorgan’s size is an advantage. In the past he has argued that JPMorgan, the biggest U.S. bank by assets, is good for customers, shareholders and the country because of the stability and efficiency that come with its scale and diverse mix of business. JPMorgan’s earnings came on the same day that federal regulators gave the bank and four other big banks a failing grade for their plans to show that they can be quickly and safely dismantled in bankruptcy. Dimon said JPMorgan will correct its plan. ",1
9961,Senate Democrats want changes to House Republican bill on Puerto Rico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and 10 other Senate Democrats on Wednesday called for significant changes to a Republican-crafted bill in the House of Representatives aimed at helping Puerto Rico overcome its debt crisis. “Senate Democrats are united in our belief that any legislation to solve this crisis must include an effective restructuring process that allows Puerto Rico to adjust all of its debt,” the group said in a statement. They said an oversight board proposed in the legislation would be too powerful and that the bill did not include “appropriate safeguards for pension holders and retirees.” ",1
9962,White House says more work needed on Republicans' Puerto Rico plan ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House is concerned that proposed legislation in Congress to address Puerto Rico’s debt crisis will not give the U.S. commonwealth sufficient authority, and that more work needs to be done on the bill, a spokesman said on Wednesday. White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters in a daily briefing that U.S. House Republicans’ proposal “was important progress, and we hope that we can keep that momentum going.” ",1
9963,House Speaker Ryan's campaign fundraising tops $17 million in first quarter,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that he has raised $17.2 million in congressional campaign contributions during the first three months of 2016 through a network of political action committees organized to help House Republicans in the November election. The announcement came a day after Ryan strongly rejected any notion that he could become this year’s Republican presidential nominee. It underscored his role in helping fellow Republicans as he works to win agreement on a budget resolution and to shape his caucus into an effective mouthpiece for Republican social and fiscal policy. The first-quarter fundraising allowed the Wisconsin congressman to transfer $11 million to the National Republican Congressional Committee during the period, including a monthly NRCC record of $6.3 million in March, according to Ryan’s political office.   The figures also provide new evidence of Ryan’s fundraising prowess, which has shown signs of surpassing the performance of his predecessor, Ohio Republican John Boehner, by some measures.  All told, Ryan has now raised $23.5 million as speaker, through a network that includes his Team Ryan joint fundraising committee, his Ryan for Congress campaign committee and his Prosperity Action political action committee, his staff said.  ",1
9964,Clinton to propose creation of immigrant affairs office,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton on Wednesday will propose the creation of a new national Office of Immigrant Affairs should she win the White House in November, as she seeks to woo minority and immigrant voters in New York less than a week before the state’s primary. The office would coordinate policies and programs among federal agencies and with state and local governments, Clinton said at an event in New York City where she met with immigrant-rights activists. “It’s an issue that cuts across all levels of government,” she said. She added that it would expand the efforts of President Barack Obama’s Task Force on New Americans, which was created in 2014 to help immigrants and refugees integrate better into the United States. In contrast, Republican candidates have largely proposed tougher immigration rules. Republican front-runner Donald Trump has called for building a wall along the border with Mexico and a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country. The New York primary on Tuesday could either help former Secretary of State Clinton consolidate her status as the Democratic front-runner or hand a significant victory to rival Bernie Sanders, the Vermont senator seeking to defy expectations and win the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election. Both candidates are campaigning across the state, looking to win over New York’s diverse population, including voters from immigrant families. Around 19 percent of the state’s population is Hispanic or Latino, according to the U.S. Census. With 247 pledged delegates at stake, the state is among the most significant nominating contests left on the calendar before the Democrats’ July 25-28 convention in Philadelphia. Clinton holds a double-digit lead in opinion polls over Sanders in New York, the state where he was born and which she served for eight years as a U.S. senator. She also holds a commanding lead in pledged delegates overall so far, leaving Sanders only a narrow path if he is to win the nomination out from under her, a task some pundits say is already beyond him. A Democratic candidate needs 2,383 delegates to clinch the nomination. Those can come from any combination of pledged delegates won in primaries and caucuses, as well as so-called superdelegates, who can vote as they choose.    ",1
9965,"Electrical workers in New York City area endorse Clinton, campaign says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An electrical workers’ union in the New York City area has endorsed Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination, her campaign said on Wednesday.     In a statement, Clinton’s campaign said the Local 3 International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers backed the former two-term U.S. senator from New York over her rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders. The group represents more than 27,000 workers, according to its website.     Earlier on Wednesday, Sanders won support from New York City transit workers. ",1
9966,Republican Paul Ryan on 2016 presidential race: Count me out,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday he would reject any attempt to draft him as a Republican presidential candidate, trying to quash speculation that he could surface as a unity choice should Donald Trump or Ted Cruz falter. “Let me be clear: I do not want nor will I accept the nomination of our party,” Ryan said in remarks at the Republican National Committee’s Washington headquarters. Ryan, the top elected Republican in Washington and the party’s 2012 vice presidential candidate, has been the subject of persistent speculation that he could emerge as the nominee if an impasse over the party’s pick develops at the July 18-21 Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Ryan has repeatedly said he is not interested in entering the presidential race, but advocates for such a scenario have pointed out that he was cool to becoming House speaker until he was finally persuaded to take over from John Boehner last year. Some recent steps taken by Ryan generated a new round of political chatter, such as his release of a campaign-style video and a trip to Israel. Ryan, who will preside over the Cleveland convention, said his goal is to ensure there is integrity in the process. He said the 2016 nominee should be someone who has actually run this year and said he would urge delegates to pass a rule limiting the nomination only to actual candidates. “I should not be considered. Period. End of story,” he said. Still, Ryan offered his views on the state of the race, complaining that “insults get more ink than ideas” and that Republicans still owe it to the voters to show what they would do if given a mandate. “I believe that we can once again be an optimistic party that is defined by our belief in the limitless possibility of our people,” he said. Republicans who see a disaster looming in the Nov. 8 presidential election if Trump or U.S. Senator Cruz of Texas is the nominee have harbored hopes of drafting a popular party figure like Ryan or 2012 candidate Mitt Romney. For that to happen, no candidate would have won the 1,237 delegates required to win the nomination on the first ballot at the convention, and delegates would have to approve a consensus alternative on a second or subsequent ballot. The latest national Reuters/Ipsos poll said Trump still leads Cruz among Republican voters but that his advantage has been narrowed. Trump had 41 percent support to 35 percent for Cruz of 598 Republicans surveyed from April 8-12.     In the Democratic race, former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont each had 48 percent support, according to responses from 719 Democrats polled. The two have been tied frequently since February. Ryan’s announcement could give some hope to long-shot Republican candidate John Kasich, who portrayed himself as an antidote to what he called the divisive politics of Trump and Cruz. In a speech in New York City, Kasich criticized his rivals as wanting to take the United States down a “path of darkness” and offered himself as a more optimistic alternative, with a week to go before New York state’s Republican and Democratic primaries on April 19. Kasich - running a distant third behind Trump and Cruz and with no chance of capturing the Republican nomination unless he can emerge from a contested convention - did not mention Trump and Cruz by name but left no doubt as to who he was talking about. “Some who feed off of the fears and anger that is felt by some of us and exploit it feed their own insatiable desire for fame or attention. That could drive America down into a ditch, not make us great again,” Kasich said, referring to Trump’s signature line. Trump is favored to win the April 19 primary in his home state. He holds a huge lead in opinion polls there, with Kasich running a distant second and Cruz in third place. A victory for Trump would help tamp down concerns among supporters that he is suddenly vulnerable after Cruz beat him in Wisconsin last week and won all Republican delegates in Colorado on Saturday. At a rally in Rome, New York, Trump blamed the Republican National Committee for setting up a system in which Colorado Republicans picked their delegates without letting people vote. “The rules are no good when you don’t have democracy,” he said, reiterating his allegation that the delegate selection process was “rigged.” Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer told Fox News on Monday that the process for choosing delegates had been set by states for more than a year and was no secret. In some good news for Trump on Tuesday, he was formally declared the winner of Missouri’s Republican primary, which was held on March 15. ",1
9967,Puerto Rico rescue plan strains U.S. Republican caucus,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Leading Republicans on Tuesday outlined a plan to help Puerto Rico shed crippling debt and accused investor-allied groups of misleading lawmakers about the proposal. The rescue would steer creditors and holders of Puerto Rico bonds toward a new, independent board that would seek a fair way to write down an estimated $70 billion in debt. Banks, mutual funds, hedge funds and Puerto Rico citizens all hold paper issued by 18 entities on the U.S. commonwealth and many of those investors, if not all, would face a loss. Lawmakers in Congress are being lobbied - and attacked - by investor groups that are trying to protect their bottom lines. “They are deceitful,” said Rep. Rob Bishop, a Utah Republican who leads the House Natural Resources Committee. Bishop said accusations likening the Puerto Rico rescue plan to a government bailout were “crap,” and the plan had the virtue of “protecting taxpayers and not spending government money.” The rescue plan does, however, adopt some principles of bankruptcy law and that makes it controversial. Investors could be forced into a settlement over the objections of holdout bondholders under certain circumstances, according to a draft of the bill. Some lawmakers said allowing Puerto Rico to modify its bonds could mean chaos for municipal markets. “If they can do it for Puerto Rico, they can do it for every other state,” Rep. Tom McClintock said of the damage that the rescue bill would do. McClintock, a California Republican, said he was “very concerned” about the plan after a half-hour meeting Tuesday afternoon of Republicans on the Natural Resources panel. House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a statement that he supported Bishop’s effort because it “holds the right people accountable for the crisis (and) shrinks the size of government.” Ryan also said he liked the idea of an independent board settling investor disputes, adding that legislation passed last week to halt payments on Puerto Rico’s debt was “troubling.” The Republican Study Committee, a group of conservative lawmakers, said in a statement it was still reviewing the bill, but “we are encouraged that there appear to be some improvements.” Ryan will need the votes of many fiscally-conservative Republicans - and as is seen likely, some Democrats - if he is to get the rescue package through the House of Representatives. The plan will face a test on Wednesday when the Natural Resources panel begins to amend the plan during a law-writing session known as a “mark up.” An aide to House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said her office was still reviewing the legislation. ",1
9968,Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Grassley tells Garland no hearings,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Merrick Garland, President Barack Obama’s U.S. Supreme Court selection, failed to persuade Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley during a private meeting on Tuesday to hold confirmation hearings on his nomination. “As he indicated last week, Grassley explained why the Senate won’t be moving forward during this hyper-partisan election year,” Grassley’s office said in a statement that described the meeting as “cordial and pleasant.” The two men met for 70 minutes in the Senate dining room. The Iowa Republican two decades ago also sought to block Garland’s nomination to the federal appeals court on which he currently serves as chief judge. Garland later met privately with Lisa Murkowski, one of the dwindling number of moderate Senate Republicans. Her office issued a statement that also seemed to close the door on confirming Garland. Garland was nominated by Obama, a Democrat, on March 16 to fill the Supreme Court vacancy created by the Feb. 13 death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. Republicans who control the Senate are refusing to advance the nomination, prompting Democrats to accuse them of obstructionism and of ignoring their constitutional obligations. Republicans insist that the next president, to be elected on Nov. 8 and take office Jan. 20, fill the vacancy, hoping a Republican will win the White House and choose a conservative rather than the centrist Garland. Democrats applauded those Republicans willing to meet with Garland but said public hearings are essential. “Dark-money groups (conservative contributors) are trying to do the Republicans’ dirty work and sully Judge Garland’s name while Republican senators prevent Judge Garland from explaining his views to the public,” New York Senator Chuck Schumer told reporters. “That is cowardly, it’s backward and it is wrong.” The White House released a letter written by 15 former presidents of the American Bar Association to Senate leaders urging a timely hearing and a vote on Garland’s confirmation. “The stated refusal to fill the ninth seat of the Supreme Court injects a degree of politics into the judicial branch that materially hampers the effective operation of our nation’s highest court and the lower courts over which it presides,” the former ABA leaders stated. The conservative Tea Party Patriots and Judicial Crisis Network praised Grassley for holding firm against hearings. In a Reuters-Ipsos poll that included 900 registered Democrats and 788 registered Republicans conducted April 5-12, 55 percent said the Senate should hold confirmation hearings. The respondents were split along party lines, with 61 percent of Democrats supporting Garland’s confirmation compared to 22 percent of Republicans. ",1
9969,Congress sends Obama bill on Zika drug development,"(Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers on Tuesday approved a bill to provide financial incentives to companies developing treatments for the Zika virus, and the White House said President Barack Obama was expected to sign the legislation although it is insufficient to meet the challenge. The measure allows the Food and Drug Administration to include Zika drug developers in the agency’s priority review voucher program. The program encourages manufacturers to study treatments for diseases that might not be profitable by expediting the regulatory review of a more lucrative drug in their research pipeline. The House of Representatives passed the bill on a voice vote, without a roll call, weeks after the same measure was approved by the Senate. White House spokeswoman Katie Hill said Obama was expected to sign the bill, which she called a “small step” that could encourage the private sector to tackle Zika. “But it contains no funding and is ultimately insufficient on its own, since it doesn’t provide the $1.9 billion in funding that our public health experts have said is needed right now to prepare Americans for the imminent local transmission of Zika in this country,” she said in a statement. Democrats and administration officials are urging the Republican-controlled Congress to grant nearly $1.9 billion in emergency funds to combat the spread of Zika. In a temporary fix, the White House said last week that it would redirect $589 million in allocated funds to prepare for the mosquito that carries the disease to emerge in the continental United States. According to the World Health Organization, there is a strong scientific consensus that the Zika virus can cause the rare birth defect microcephaly in newborns. But the link between the virus and the birth defects has not been scientifically established. On Tuesday, Brazil confirmed 1,113 cases of microcephaly and considers most to be related to Zika infections in the mother. Drugmakers who are working on Zika-related drugs, or considering such research, include Sanofi SA, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc and Takeda Pharmaceutical Co Ltd.  Zika was first detected in Brazil last year and is spreading through the Americas. The World Health Organization had declared a global health emergency due to the virus’s possible link to microcephaly in babies and Guillain-Barre syndrome, a rare neurological disorder, in adults. On Monday, top health officials said the mosquito that spreads the virus is now present in about 30 U.S. states, making local outbreaks a possibility. They have also predicted hundreds of thousands of people would be infected in Puerto Rico when the mosquito season kicks in this summer. A pharmaceutical company may be given a priority review voucher to develop a drug for an infectious disease, in this case Zika, which may not generate much profit for the manufacturer. The voucher gives the company the right to an accelerated review by the FDA of any other, more lucrative, drug in its pipeline. Developing a new drug can take years and cost millions of dollars. A standard FDA review takes at least 10 months to complete - longer if the agency requires additional information. Being able to shave time off that process and get a profitable drug onto the market faster can be worth millions of dollars to a manufacturer. Under the agency’s priority review program, companies who submit a drug for review that is intended to treat serious conditions or whose drug shows a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness over existing treatments is eligible to be reviewed in six months, at least four months faster than usual. A priority review voucher gives a company the right to a six-month review on any product, regardless of whether it meets the conditions normally required to receive an accelerated review. It also gives the company the right to sell the voucher to another company. The law currently makes any company eligible for a priority review voucher that is developing a drug for one of more than 20 tropical diseases listed under the voucher program. These include malaria, cholera, leprosy, dengue, tuberculosis, and Ebola. The FDA has the authority to add other infectious diseases to the list which primarily affects poor countries. ",1
9970,Obama expected to sign bill on Zika drug development: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to sign a bill to provide financial incentives to companies developing treatments for the Zika virus, a White House spokeswoman said, but the bill passed by the House of Representatives on Tuesday is insufficient to meet the challenge. “We hope that this legislation encourages private sector partners to address the challenge of Zika, but it contains no funding and is ultimately insufficient on its own, since it doesn’t provide the $1.9 billion in funding that our public health experts have said is needed right now to prepare Americans for the imminent local transmission of Zika in this country,” spokeswoman Katie Hill said. ",1
9971,"Hillary Clinton, NYC mayor assailed for racially charged joke","NEW YORK (Reuters) - A comic gag turned into a gaffe for Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton and New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, triggering a storm of social media comment accusing them of being insensitive to African-Americans. Clinton on Saturday took the stage with de Blasio at the Inner Circle, an annual media roast of city and state politicians that traditionally ends with New York’s mayor delivering a snarky rebuttal in the form of a rehearsed skit, often with the help of Broadway cast members. This year Leslie Odom Jr., who is black and plays Aaron Burr in the hit Broadway show “Hamilton,” participated in the skit in which Clinton teased de Blasio about his delay in endorsing her bid for the White House. “Sorry, Hillary, I was running on C.P. Time,” de Blasio said, referring to the phrase “colored people’s time,” an in-joke used to indicate chronic lateness but also viewed as a negative stereotype. “I don’t like jokes like that,” Odom said, apparently as part of the skit. Clinton then delivered the punchline: “‘Cautious politician time,’” she said. “I’ve been there.” The joke set off angry reaction on social media with commentators criticizing Clinton, who has strong support from black voters, and de Blasio, whose wife Chirlane McCray is African-American, for insensitivity. Despite opinion polls showing Clinton has overwhelming support among African Americans heading into New York state’s Democratic primary next Tuesday, some supporters worry her challenger Bernie Sanders has begun making inroads.  De Blasio, who was Clinton’s campaign manager in her successful election to the U.S. Senate in 2000, defended the joke in an appearance on CNN on Monday. “It was clearly a staged show,” he said. “I think people are missing the point here.” In a statement on Monday, the mayor’s office said, “Let’s be clear, in an evening of satire, the only person this was meant to mock was the mayor himself - period. Certainly no one intended to offend anyone.” In an interview with Cosmopolitan magazine, Clinton distanced herself from the skit. “Well, look, it was Mayor de Blasio’s skit,” she was quoted as saying. “He has addressed it, and I will really defer to him because it is something that he’s already talked about.” ",1
9972,U.S. House Speaker Ryan applauds new Puerto Rico aid bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday he applauded a new House bill to help Puerto Rico deal with its $70 billion in debt. “I applaud Rep. Duffy for introducing H.R. 4900, which holds the right people accountable for the crisis, shrinks the size of government, and authorizes an independent board to help get Puerto Rico on a path to fiscal health,” Ryan said in a statement. ",1
9973,Chicago schools would have less funding in governor's budget,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - The head of the Chicago Public Schools (CPS) said on Tuesday that Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner’s fiscal 2017 school funding budget would hurt the financially ailing district. Projected per-district funding levels released by the Illinois State Board of Education on Tuesday indicate CPS would receive nearly $893 million in the fiscal year that begins July 1, a drop of $74.4 million from the current fiscal year. “It makes our already grave fiscal crisis graver,” CPS CEO Forrest Claypool told reporters. “That’s why his budget must be defeated.” He added that state funding for the nation’s third-largest public school system was cut by $106 million in fiscal 2016. CPS is struggling with a $1.1 billion structural budget deficit caused largely by escalating pension payments. The district, which has credit ratings in the “junk” level, has been dependent on borrowing to generate cash flow.   The Republican governor in February proposed boosting per-student funding in K-12 public schools to $6,119, the highest level in seven years. However, some districts like CPS would have a decrease in general state aid based on lower enrollment and other factors. Claypool said Illinois needs to replace its “radically discriminatory education funding formula,” claiming it short-changes Chicago’s poor and minority children. He called a new funding plan unveiled by Senate Democrats last week “a step in the right direction,” but not a complete fix. Legislation unveiled by Democratic Senator Andy Manar is aimed at providing more funding to high-need, high-poverty schools. Claypool said he was also encouraged by Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan’s proposed amendment to the Illinois Constitution that would make public education a fundamental right, while giving the state the “preponderant” responsibility for funding schools. ",1
9974,"U.S. presidential rivals Clinton, Sanders tied in support among Democrats: poll"," NEW YORK (Reuters) - The top contenders in both the Democratic and the Republican presidential nominating races have roughly equal support among members of their respective parties, according to a national Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday.  The results suggest the race to get onto the Nov. 8 presidential ballot is tightening, as candidates prepare for their next state contest, in New York next week.  In the Democratic race, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont each had 48 percent support, according to responses from 719 Democrats polled from April 8-12. The two have been tied frequently since February.  In the Republican race, celebrity real estate developer Donald Trump had 41 percent support, to 35 percent for Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, according to responses from 598 Republicans. The result was within the poll’s credibility interval.  Cruz’s support has risen in recent weeks, making him the first candidate to rival Trump’s popularity among Republicans since neurosurgeon Ben Carson in November.     ",1
9975,"Securities, commodities regulators press U.S. Congress for more funds","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The heads of the U.S. agencies that regulate securities and commodities pressed a Senate committee on Tuesday to boost their budgets in the face of growing sophistication in financial markets and technology, but lawmakers gave no sign extra dollars were coming soon.  In his proposed budget, President Barack Obama requested an 11 percent increase for the Securities and Exchange Commission, bringing its spending to $1.781 billion. He also sought a 32 percent increase for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to give the agency overseeing the $400 trillion U.S. swaps market as well as commodities trading, a $331 million budget. The SEC offsets any taxpayer funds it receives with user fees and fines, which means its spending does not affect the federal deficit. But Senator John Boozman of Arkansas, the Republican chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on financial services, said that did not leave it free of oversight.  “Congress has a responsibility to ensure those funds are being spent in a manner that protects investors, helps markets operate efficiently and spurs economic growth for all Americans,” he said at Tuesday’s hearing. He added that “access to more funding does not necessarily ensure that an agency will successfully achieve its mission or spend that funding responsibly.” For the SEC, “additional funding is imperative if we are to continue the agency’s progress in fulfilling its responsibilities over our increasingly fast, complex and growing markets,” Chair Mary Jo White said. It would help the SEC hire “250 staff in critical, core areas and continue to improve our information technology.”  The new staff would allow the SEC to conduct more exams, increase data analytics and improve intelligence gathering for enforcement cases, she added. At the hearing, CFTC Chair Timothy Massad said the agency “does not have the resources necessary to adequately oversee” its markets, especially “with an industry that is changing and innovating at the speed of light and that is much larger and more complex than even just a few years ago.” More than a third of the extra dollars requested would go toward information technology, he said. Part of the increase, $15.5 million, would go toward enforcement because the CFTC faces “an increasing number of well-financed defendants with high-powered defense teams.” Massad added the CFTC was working to change the levels of its fines, saying levies for many violations were “far too low.” ",1
9976,Kerry defends trade deals against campaign attacks,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry defended a 12-nation Pacific trade agreement on Tuesday against what he suggested was fear-mongering by the leading U.S. presidential candidates. Without mentioning Trump by name, Kerry argued that the Trans-Pacific Partnership deal that the Obama administration negotiated would be good for the U.S. economy even as he acknowledged U.S. workers’ fears about free trade agreements. “Many Americans still feel a sense of anxiety about TPP and T-TIP. In fact, they’ve been revved up to have some anxiety about anything related to trade,” Kerry said in a speech in Los Angeles, also referring to a trade deal with Europe called the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership. Some of workers’ mistrust of trade agreements “comes from politicians who play to fears,” he added. “It comes also from legitimate anger about the economic status of millions of our fellow citizens who have not gained from trade.” Voter anxiety and anger over international trade and the trade pact have helped propel Trump, the Republican front-runner, whose main opponent for the Republican nomination, Senator Ted Cruz, also opposes the deal. Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton worked on TTP as President Barack Obama’s first secretary of state, calling it the “gold standard” of such deals, but is now against it, saying it does not adequately protect U.S. workers. Senator Bernie Sanders, her main Democratic rival, also opposes it. Given the criticism of TPP in the presidential campaign, prospects for it receiving a vote before the Nov. 8 election are diminishing, and some lawmakers have said it would be better to consider it during the “lame duck “ session after the vote. Still, Obama administration officials have been stepping up their campaign to promote TPP, especially emphasizing the deal’s geopolitical benefits of strengthening ties with Asian allies in the face of an increasingly aggressive China. ",1
9977,"Not an endorsement, but close; Obama comments hint at support for Clinton","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama seemed to inch a little closer on Tuesday to endorsing former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s presidential bid. During remarks at a museum dedicated to highlighting the fight for women’s equality, the president, who has made clear his admiration for his one-time rival but has not officially endorsed her, said he hoped one day people would be amazed that the United States had not had a female commander-in-chief. “I want young girls and boys to come here, 10, 20, 100 years from now to know that women fought for equality, it was not just given to them,” Obama said of the museum. “I want them to be astonished that there was ever a time when women were vastly outnumbered in the board room or in Congress. That there was ever a time when a woman had never sat in the Oval Office.” Clinton is running against U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont to be the Democratic Party’s 2016 presidential candidate. She lost the 2008 race to Obama, who was then a U.S. senator and who later made her the nation’s top diplomat in his administration. Obama, perhaps realizing that people would read his remarks as a hint of support for Clinton, tempered them by saying he did not know when a woman would win the White House. “I don’t know how long it’ll take to get there, but I know we’re getting closer to that day because of the work of generations of active, committed citizens,” he said. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Obama’s remarks indicated the country was ready for a woman president, but he stressed the candidates would be judged on their values and policy agenda. Obama remains hugely popular with the base of Democratic supporters who helped propel him to the White House and re-elect him in 2012. An endorsement of Clinton could help her vanquish Sanders, who is behind the former first lady in amassing the number of delegates needed to become the nominee but has remained a strong challenger with wins in a number of state nominating contests.   ",1
9978,Trump remittance plan would violate Mexican rights: Mexico cenbank,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s proposal to force Mexico to pay for his planned border wall by threatening to block remittances from illegal immigrants would be a major violation of Mexicans’ rights, Mexico’s central bank governor said on Tuesday. The Republican presidential hopeful’s campaign said last week that if elected in November, Trump would use a U.S. anti-terrorism law to cut off such money transfers unless Mexico made a one-time payment of $5 billion to $10 billion for the wall. However, speaking in Mexico’s Congress, Mexican Central Bank Governor Agustin Carstens dismissed the idea. “The remittances are the property of the people that make them, and they have every right to be able to carry out international transfers,” Carstens told reporters. “So it would be a serious violation of the property rights of our fellow citizens abroad, and this measure would be completely unjust.” ",1
9979,"U.S. confident Brazil can meet political, economic challenges: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Obama is optimistic about Brazil’s ability to meet political and economic challenges in the wake of a recent International Monetary Fund assessment, the White House said on Tuesday. “The United States and President Obama himself have confidence in the durability of the Brazilian democracy to weather those challenges,” said White House spokesman Josh Earnest.  ",1
9980,"Top Democrat, in letter, blasts Valeant CEO for lack of cooperation","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A top Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday called on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc for more details on its relationship with Philidor RX services and chided the company for not providing Congress any documents or other requested information. “Your refusal to cooperate fully with Congress is extremely troubling and reflects a pattern of obstruction that impairs our ability to protect the American people against your company’s exorbitant price increases,” U.S. Representative Elijah Cummings wrote in a letter to Valeant Chief Executive Michael Pearson.  ",1
9981,House Speaker Paul Ryan to rule out 2016 presidential candidacy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan will make a statement to the media on Tuesday ruling himself out as a potential 2016 presidential candidate, a Ryan aide said. “He’s going to rule himself out and put this to rest once and for all,” the aide said. Ryan will make his statement to the media at Republican National Committee headquarters at 3:15 pm EST/1915 GMT. In a Wisconsin radio interview earlier Tuesday, Ryan said he wanted to be “crystal clear” that he will not allow his name to be placed in nomination for president at the party convention in July. ",1
9982,"Grassley, Garland reprise 1990s judicial confirmation fight","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Chuck Grassley and Merrick Garland go way back, but when the Republican Senate Judiciary Committee chairman and President Barack Obama’s U.S. Supreme Court nominee meet for a private breakfast on Tuesday, they will not exactly be sharing fond memories. Two decades ago, Grassley, an Iowa Republican, spearheaded a fight against Garland’s nomination to the influential U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Just like now, a Democratic president, in that case Bill Clinton, submitted Garland’s nomination to a Republican-controlled Senate. Garland, then a top Justice Department lawyer, was denied a Senate confirmation vote in 1995 and 1996 despite earning bipartisan praise. Finally, in 1997, after Clinton renominated Garland upon winning re-election in 1996, was he confirmed to a seat on the court that was a launching pad to the Supreme Court for Chief Justice John Roberts, Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Clarence Thomas, as well as the late Antonin Scalia. Fast-forward to 2016: Another Democratic president has chosen Garland to replace Scalia only to have Grassley and a Republican Senate maneuver to block the nomination without so much as a Judiciary Committee hearing. “Nothin’ against him,” the 82-year-old Grassley, who describes himself as “just a farmer from Butler County,” told Reuters. Even so, Garland, 63, will sit down with Grassley on Tuesday and be told that once again, his nomination will be put on ice. In 1995 and 1996, Garland was entangled in “what ended up being a 12- or 15-year crusade,” Grassley said, to reduce the number of judges on the federal appeals court that Clinton chose him to join. Two decades later, Grassley again offered no criticism of Garland’s qualifications. Grassley, like Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, has decided to ignore Garland’s nomination in the hope that a Republican will be elected president on Nov. 8 and, after taking office in January, would choose a conservative rather than the centrist Garland. “It’s not about him because we’re living by the principle ‘let the people have a voice,’” Grassley said, referring to the November presidential and congressional elections. Grassley, no stranger to controversy during 35 years in the Senate, has become the target of Democrats’ scorn in this Supreme Court drama. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said Grassley could go down as both inept and the “most obstructionist” Judiciary Committee chairman in history. Other voices have weighed in against Grassley and his fellow Republicans, with the Des Moines Register newspaper in his home state calling the Garland blockade “un-American.” Grassley, facing re-election in November, insists he will not buckle, and called the Register’s editorial “hyperbolic rhetoric.” In a Senate speech last week, he recounted showdowns dating back to the 1980s when he took on a popular president from his own party, Ronald Reagan, over budget matters. “I am no stranger to political pressure and to strong-arm tactics,” Grassley said. Grassley then turned his attention to Roberts, criticizing a speech the chief justice made shortly before Scalia’s death about the politicization of the confirmation process and warning Roberts, appointed by Republican George W. Bush, to keep his mouth shut in the Garland fight. “Now that’s a political temptation that the chief justice should resist,” Grassley said. ",1
9983,California to hike funds for new parents on family leave,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California will increase the amount of money new parents can receive through the state’s paid family leave program under a bill signed on Monday by Democratic Governor Jerry Brown. The measure, passed last month by the Democratic-controlled state legislature, will increase the amount paid to new parents or people caring for a sick family member to as much as 70 percent of their regular income for the poorest workers, up from 55 percent, beginning in 2018. Those earning more will also get an increase in payments, to 60 percent from 55 percent. The legislation also eliminates a seven-day waiting period imposed on receiving the benefits. The program will apply to all parents who take time off from work to bond with a child within one year of birth, adoption or placement as a foster child. It will also provide payments to people who take time to care for seriously ill relatives. President Barack Obama, a Democrat, welcomed the move by the most populous U.S. state and urged Congress to enact a national paid leave plan. “This action means more hardworking Californians will have the peace of mind to know that they can take care of a new child or a sick family member,” Obama said in a statement. “Yet millions of Americans still don’t have access to any form of paid leave.”  The California law aims to help more people take family leave, especially poorer Californians who could not afford to stop work if they got only 55 percent of their regular income, according to the bill’s author, Jimmy Gomez, a Democratic assembly member. Money for the program will come through the state’s disability insurance system, which is funded from payroll deductions. Costs are projected at up to $587 million annually when it is fully implemented by 2021, but the law expires in 2022, and would have to be reauthorized at that time. A state analysis showed the Employment Development Department would increase worker contributions by 0.1 percent from 2019 to 2021 to pay for it.  ",1
9984,Trump blasts 'rigged' rules on picking Republican delegates,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump lashed out at what he called the party’s “rigged” delegate selection rules on Monday after rival Ted Cruz swept all of Colorado’s 34 delegates over the weekend. The New York billionaire, who has been outmaneuvered by Cruz in a series of recent state meetings to select national convention delegates, said the process was set up to protect party insiders and shut out insurgent candidates. “The system is rigged, it’s crooked,” Trump said on Fox News on Monday, alleging the Colorado convention results showed voters were being denied a voice in the process. “There was no voting. I didn’t go out there to make a speech or anything, there’s no voting,” Trump said. “The people out there are going crazy, in the Denver area and Colorado itself, and they’re going absolutely crazy because they weren’t given a vote. This was given by politicians - it’s a crooked deal.” Trump has 743 bound delegates to 545 for Cruz, according to an Associated Press count, in the battle for the 1,237 delegates needed to win the nomination on the first ballot and avoid a messy floor fight at the Republican National Convention from July 18-21. But both are at risk of not acquiring enough delegates for a first-ballot victory, leaving many free to switch their votes on later ballots. That has set off a fierce scramble by Republican candidates to get their supporters chosen as convention delegates and brought new scrutiny to the selection rules, which vary by state. Trump, who has brought in veteran strategist Paul Manafort to lead his delegate-gathering efforts, complained about Cruz’s recent success at local and state party meetings where activists pick the actual delegates who will attend the national convention. Trump accused Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, of trying to steal delegates in South Carolina. Trump won the state primary in February, but Cruz supporters got four of the first six delegate slots filled at congressional district meetings on Saturday, according to local media. Cruz also succeeded at getting more of his supporters chosen as delegates in Iowa, where he won the caucuses in January, and at last week’s state convention in North Dakota. “Now they’re trying to pick off those delegates one by one,” Trump said. “That’s not the way democracy is supposed to work. They offer them trips, they offer them all sorts of things and you’re allowed to do that. You can buy all these votes.” Trump distributed a video of what he said was a Colorado voter setting his Republican Party registration on fire in protest of the process. “Great people being disenfranchised by politicians,” Trump said on Twitter, adding the Republican Party was “in trouble.” Guy Short, a Cruz backer in Colorado who was elected as a Republican national convention delegate for the sixth time, disputed Trump’s allegations. “Donald Trump is a liar,” Short told Reuters in an email. “Nobody was offered anything. In fact, I spent thousands of dollars of my own money campaigning to become a delegate because it’s that important to make sure Donald Trump is NOT our nominee.” Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer told Fox News the process for choosing delegates had been set by states for more than a year and was no secret. “Not understanding that is one thing, but it’s hardly rigged when it’s done right out in the open,” he said. Cruz campaign spokeswoman Alice Stewart said Trump was insulting the process to distract from his losses. “He has a pattern of whining when he isn’t winning,” she said in a statement. Trump’s organizational troubles even extend to two of his children. Eric Trump, 32, and Ivanka Trump, 34, missed the deadline for registering as Republicans to vote in next week’s New York primary. State records show both are registered voters who are not enrolled in a party, ABC News reported. For already registered voters, any request to switch party affiliation must have been made by early October. The deadline for new voter registrations was March 25. Trump was the target on Monday of a new ad by the Democratic front-runner, Hillary Clinton, that listed Trump’s comments on women, Mexican immigrants and Muslims. Both Clinton and rival Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, have tried to position themselves as the Democrat most capable of defeating Trump. “Donald Trump says we can solve America’s problems by turning against each other,” Clinton’s ad said. “It’s wrong and it goes against everything New York and America stand for.” ",1
9985,Police arrest 400 at U.S. Capitol in protest of money in politics,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Police arrested more than 400 protesters outside the U.S. Capitol on Monday from Democracy Spring, an organization seeking to remove big money from politics and combat restrictive voter identification laws. The mostly calm and orderly demonstration resulted in arrests for what the U.S. Capitol Police called “unlawful demonstration activity” such as crowding and obstruction. Organizers vowed to repeat the demonstration every day for a week. The protest was held “to demand Congress take immediate action to end the corruption of big money in our politics and ensure free and fair elections,” Democracy Spring said on its website. The group lists actor Mark Ruffalo and academic Noam Chomsky and dozens of well-known activist groups among its supporters. “We believe this is the people’s house, and Congress should be responsive to the people. We need to protect voting rights,” said Peter Callahan, the group’s communications coordinator. Protesters hoisted a scarecrow-like effigy of a corporate lobbyist holding money bags and a sign reading, “Warning: Massive civil disobedience is next.” Police arrested those who sat on the stairs of the East Front of the Capitol, the seat of the Senate and the House of Representatives.  Democracy Spring traces its roots to the end of the Occupy Los Angeles movement, and its rise coincides with the presidential campaigns of Democrat Bernie Sanders and Republican Donald Trump, both of whom speak against the influence of campaign contributions on politicians. While most of the groups involved are associated more with Democrats than Republicans, Callahan said the group was nonpartisan. “We see populism on the rise on both sides of the spectrum. Americans are sick and tired of their politicians being bought and paid for,” Callahan said. ",1
9986,California or bust: Bernie Sanders charts a White House path,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Defying opinion polls and expert predictions, Democratic hopeful Bernie Sanders aims to seize the party’s White House nomination from Hillary Clinton’s grasp with a last-ditch come-from-behind triumph in California. By far the most populous U.S. state, California is the largest prize of the state-by-state nominating contests, and the vote on June 7 is one of the last before Democrats convene in July to select a nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election. An aggressive schedule of large rallies is planned along with heavy purchases of TV, radio and online advertising in three languages and a “far, far more expensive” campaign effort than in any other state, Sanders campaign sources disclosed. “I think they’re still riding rainbow unicorns if they think there’s a path,” said Steve Schale, a Florida-based strategist, of Sanders’ bid for the White House. California has been a reliable source of campaign funds for Clinton, and opinion polls show her ahead there by as many as 14 percentage points. The statistical analysis media site FiveThirtyEight gives her a 91 percent chance of winning the state primary.         The Sanders campaign push aims to net as much as a 10-point win in California, helping him deny the front-running Clinton the 2,383 convention delegates she needs to clinch the nomination and give him the momentum to force a contested convention where he can try to win over the “superdelegates,” those not decided by a state nominating contest and free to support anyone, the campaign sources said. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, has eroded Clinton’s lead in California, according to a Field Poll released on Friday. Clinton led Sanders by only 6 points in that survey, down from a double-digit lead earlier this year. “With California what we’re going to do is something that (Sanders) really likes to do: Barnstorm the place,” said Tad Devine, Sanders’ senior adviser, acknowledging Sanders’ underdog status against Clinton, the former secretary of state. That means two or three large-scale rallies a day for weeks, possibly starting in late April to target early voters, he said. Such rallies are a sweet spot for the 74-year-old New York-born democratic socialist’s firebrand speaking style championing the working class and vowing to erase economic inequality. At a late March event in The Bronx, he drew 18,500 people. Clinton leads in pledged convention delegates - those allocated to candidates on the basis of the state primaries and caucuses - with 1,287 to 1,037 for Sanders.  A candidate needs 2,383 delegates to clinch the nomination. California has 475 delegates, to be divided proportionally according to the June 7 primary vote. The Clinton campaign plans to put up a fight. Local and national surrogates will speak out in English and Spanish and staff will beef up offices up and down the West Coast as the California vote nears, her campaign said. “We’re fighting for every vote by talking to Californians about why Hillary Clinton is the only candidate in this race who will break down the barriers that hold people back and deliver real results,” Amanda Renteria, Hillary for America national political director, said in a statement to Reuters.  “Headed into the June 7 primary, our volunteers and supporters are knocking on doors and hitting the phones to share with friends, family and neighbors Hillary Clinton’s plans to create more good-paying jobs in California, keep our streets safe from gun violence, protect our environment, reform our immigration system and ensure all Californians have access to a good education and quality affordable health care.” Sanders has won seven of the last eight state nominating battles but faces a potentially rougher road in big states like New York, where Clinton was a U.S. senator and which holds an April 19 primary. Sanders aims to overcome the edge that Clinton, wife of former President Bill Clinton, has enjoyed with minorities. Larry Cohen, a senior adviser to the campaign, said the campaign aims to match or outdo the 10,000 volunteers it enlisted in New York by drawing on the Labor for Bernie volunteer group, local and national unions and other groups. “We’ll certainly do Spanish-language advertising,” Sanders’ campaign manager Jeff Weaver said. Devine said that Vietnamese was also part of the plan. The languages are nods to California’s large populations of Latino and Asian voters. Weaver compared California to Michigan, where Sanders notched a surprise win in early March after advertising in Arabic to woo the state’s heavy concentration of Muslims. The campaign has yet to set a budget for California, but given the state’s size, the effort will be “hugely expensive - far, far more expensive than any other state that we’ve done,” Weaver said.  In California so far, the campaign has raised about $9.8 million from more than 26,000 donors, the most Sanders has received from any one state, according to a Reuters analysis of campaign finance disclosures. Clinton has raked in significant sums also in California.  An analysis of campaign reports filed with the Federal Election Commission indicate her campaign raised $26,687,011.37 from donors in California from the time she entered the race in 2015 until the end of February. ",1
9987,Senate committee to take up bill on CFTC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate committee will soon consider legislation on the country’s commodities and derivatives regulator that is intended to keep financial-sector restrictions in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law from applying to farmers and ranchers because their derivatives trading helps them manage operational risks. On Thursday, the Agriculture Committee will mark up legislation reauthorizing the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, which oversees the $400 trillion U.S. swaps market as well as trading in agriculture, metals and energy.  Republicans, who are the majority in Congress and lead the committee, unveiled the bill late on Monday. A congressional source familiar with the legislation said lawmakers were open to negotiation and the bill could change before Thursday. The central aim of the Senate committee’s bill is to allow farmers, ranchers and energy providers to hedge their operational risks with derivatives, while maintaining regulation of financial swaps trading. The source said it was not an attempt to affect position limits that the CFTC sets on contracts or options.   The 2010 Dodd-Frank law strengthened oversight of swaps in order to prevent a repeat of the risky bets that contributed to the financial crisis. Republicans have said that rules the CFTC  put in place to carry out the law have spread regulation into areas outside of finance, which Congress did not intend. Nonetheless, the Senate bill would address some financial elements such as requiring electronic confirmation of customers’ account balances at banks and preventing firms from moving funds among accounts without notifying regulators. It would also strengthen protection for proprietary information submitted to the CFTC as part of required disclosures and create a judicial review process for the commission’s rulemaking. The bill unveiled on Monday would also require the commission to review and take action on the London Metal Exchange’s application to register as a foreign board of trade.  The CFTC has had to operate on year-by-year funding since the end of 2013 because Congress has not passed a new authorization for it. Lawmakers say this has created uncertainty in many markets. The House of Representatives passed its version of the CFTC authorization in June. Parts of that legislation that stirred controversy, such as a cost-benefit analysis requirement, were not included in this bill. ",1
9988,New York City to pursue sweeping homelessness reforms: mayor,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City will implement a raft of reforms to combat its high level of homelessness, Mayor Bill de Blasio said on Monday, following a three-month review of the problem. In New York, the United States’ largest city, around 58,000 people sleep in shelters each night, representing the largest homeless population for any U.S. metropolitan area, according to the National Alliance to end Homelessness. Nearly half of those homeless are children. The changes announced on Monday are intended to address the issue in four key areas: preventing at-risk residents from losing their homes, moving homeless out of shelters and into permanent housing, improving conditions at shelters and reducing the number of homeless who sleep in the streets. “We know the status quo has not been working,” de Blasio said at Bronxworks, a nonprofit that helps impoverished families. “We don’t accept that status quo. Today begins a new approach.” The number of homeless has more than doubled from around 23,000 two decades ago and has remained stubbornly high, leaving de Blasio’s administration open to criticism. New York’s large shelter population is in part due to a landmark court case that established a “right to shelter” mandate requiring city authorities to provide housing for those without it. In response, the mayor has proposed spending an additional $66 million dollars to fight the problem, though he said the organizational changes announced on Monday would lead to savings of $38 million to help offset those new costs. The city’s Human Resources Administration and Department of Homeless Services will report to a single commissioner and share administrative duties, de Blasio said, eliminating some bureaucratic redundancies. The city will use data analytics to identify at-risk families and increase its use of legal assistance and rental aid to avoid evictions. De Blasio also said the city would conduct more inspections of shelters and crack down on not-for-profit agencies that fail to provide safe and adequate shelters. The New York City police department is already in the process of retraining so-called peace officers who share security responsibility with private guards at the city’s more than 250 shelters. The city is also reinstating a dormant program that provided domestic violence services in shelters, after the review found 60 percent of violent episodes in family shelters were due to domestic violence. The issue gained more attention in February, when a homeless woman and two of her young children were stabbed to death at a hotel used by the city to house homeless families. The woman’s boyfriend was charged with murder. ",1
9989,"Obama, Fed's Yellen discussed economic risks in White House meeting","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama and Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen discussed risks to the economy and progress from Wall Street reform during a rare meeting in the Oval Office on Monday, the White House said. “They discussed both the near and long-term growth outlook, the state of the labor market, inequality, and potential risks to the economy, both in the United States and globally,” the White House said in a statement about the meeting. “They also discussed the significant progress that has been made through the continued implementation of Wall Street Reform to strengthen our financial system and protect consumers.” ",1
9990,Antitrust head Baer to serve as No. 3 at Justice Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced on Monday that Bill Baer will serve as acting associate attorney general, leaving his position as head of the department’s Antitrust Division to take the No. 3 post at the department.  Baer was considered most likely to replace Stuart Delery, the acting associate attorney general, who announced last week that he will leave on April 17. “From his work at the Federal Trade Commission to his leadership of the Justice Department’s Antitrust Division, he has demonstrated keen intelligence, strong judgment and consummate skill,” Lynch said of Baer in a statement.  Lynch did not say whether the Obama administration would seek to confirm Baer through a Senate nomination process.  As head of the Justice Department’s Antitrust Division, Baer oversaw such cases as the scheme by Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Barclays and others to rig the foreign currency exchange spot market as well as the case against Apple for price-fixing e-books, Lynch said.  The Justice Department declined to comment on who would replace Baer in the Antitrust division.  ",1
9991,Chicago finance committee approves payouts for police custody deaths,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - The Chicago City Council’s Finance Committee on Monday approved payments totaling $6.45 million to settle cases involving two  black men who died while in police custody. The settlements come as the third-biggest U.S. city’s police department faces a federal investigation and racism accusations over the death of black teenager Laquan McDonald. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel fired his police commissioner in 2015 after protests following the release of a video showing a Chicago police officer shooting 17-year-old McDonald 16 times. Under the settlements, the family of Philip Coleman, who was tasered by police officers while handcuffed in a jail cell in 2012 and later died after being taken to a hospital, will receive $4.95 million. Coleman was dragged motionless out of his cell by the handcuffs. The tasering and dragging were caught on video cameras. The committee also approved $1.5 million for the family of Justin Cook, who died of an asthma attack after being arrested in 2014. The suit claimed that police did not provide appropriate medical attention. The full city council will vote on the settlements on Wednesday. High-profile killings of black men by mainly white police officers in U.S. cities have prompted a national debate and protests about the use of excessive force by police. ",1
9992,Obama 'pleased' with Fed's Yellen: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama is happy with the job done by  Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, with whom he is meeting on Monday to discuss regulatory issues and world economy, the White House said. “The president has been pleased with the way she has fulfilled what is a critically important job,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said at a news briefing.  ",1
9993,Two Trump kids won't be voting for Dad in New York primary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presidential candidate Donald Trump says two of his children feel guilty about missing a voter registration deadline, meaning they will not be able to vote for him next week in New York’s Republican primary. Eric Trump, 32, and Ivanka Trump, 34, the Republican front-runner’s second and third children, have campaigned extensively with their father, but both missed the deadline for registering as Republicans to vote in the New York primary on April 19. In a telephone interview with “Fox & Friends,” Trump joked that he would have to find some way to punish Eric and Ivanka for their mistake. “No more allowance!” the New York billionaire said with a laugh. For already registered voters, any request to switch party affiliation must have been made by early October. The deadline for new voter registrations was March 25. “They were unaware of the rules,” Trump said Monday on Fox News. “They feel very, very guilty. “But it’s fine. I mean, I understand that.” Records from the New York State Board of Elections show both Eric and Ivanka are registered voters who are “not enrolled in a party,” ABC News reported. Like their father, they have made political contributions to both Democrats and Republicans, Federal Election Commission records show. Trump’s oldest child, Donald Jr., 38, already was registered Republican. The registration status of his other voting-age child, Tiffany, was not immediately known. Trump’s comments on Monday brought swift rebukes on Twitter from critics who said the Trump children’s lapse bolsters doubts about whether Trump is a true Republican. Trump previously supported abortion rights and has donated to Democrats, including his now-rival Hillary Clinton. “I for one am shocked as the whole family really seem like lifelong conservatives,” user Awen Lake (@AwenLake) posted on Twitter, adding the hashtag #reallydemocrat. “This is so funny. I always knew he was a liberal,” a user named Allen (@alb309O) wrote. “He has his supporters bamboozled.” ",1
9994,"Sanders wins Wyoming, prepares to take on Clinton in New York","WASHINGTON - Bernie Sanders won the U.S. presidential Democratic nominating contest in Wyoming on Saturday, besting rival Hillary Clinton and adding to a string of recent victories as the two candidates gear up for a crucial matchup in New York. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, has won seven out of the last eight state-level Democratic nominating contests, trying to chip away at Clinton’s big lead in the number of delegates needed to secure the party’s nomination. Wyoming’s 14 Democratic delegates - fewer than any other state - are awarded proportionally based on support from individuals participating in the nominating contest.  Early estimates showed that while Sanders won the contest, both he and Clinton would likely receive seven delegates each in the close race, maintaining Clinton’s lead overall. Going into Wyoming, Clinton had more than half of the 2,383 delegates needed to win the nomination. Sanders trailed her by 250 pledged delegates, those awarded based on the results of the state nominating contests.   Clinton’s lead widens when superdelegates, Democratic leaders who can decide whom to support at the party’s July convention, are included in the tallies. Clinton and Sanders both spent Saturday campaigning in New York, which holds its contest on April 19 and where a total of 291 delegates are up for grabs, more than 10 percent of the tally needed to win the party’s nomination. Sanders’ wife, Jane Sanders, went onstage where he was speaking at a community college in Queens, a borough of New York City, to alert him to Saturday’s victory. “News bulletin - we just won Wyoming!” Sanders said to cheers. Speaking to reporters after the event, Sanders said he believed he had enough momentum to secure the nomination. “We are closing very fast,” Sanders said.   Clinton, a former U.S. secretary of state, campaigned in the nearby borough of Brooklyn, where her campaign is based. Clinton represented New York as a U.S. senator and considers the state her home turf. Recent polls have shown Clinton more than 10 points ahead in the state. Tension between the two candidates flared earlier this week in a party race that has typically focused on policies and not personal attacks. The candidates dialed back their criticism of one another on Friday. In Wyoming’s Republican contest last month, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas beat New York billionaire Donald Trump, the party’s front-runner. Cruz is trying to block Trump from receiving enough delegates to win the nomination outright, which would lead to a contested convention in July. A new Reuters/Ipsos poll shows that a third of Trump’s Republican supporters could consider abandoning the party’s candidate if Trump is denied the nomination at a contested convention. ",1
9995,Obama says Clinton never jeopardized national security in email case: Fox,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton never jeopardized national security in the handling of her emails as his secretary of state. Obama, in an interview broadcast on Fox News Sunday, said Clinton has recognized a carelessness on the email issue in which she used a private server for government business.  “But I also think it is important to keep this in perspective,” Obama said. “This is somebody who has served her country for four years as secretary of state, and did an outstanding job.” Clinton, secretary of state from 2009 to 2013, has said her email arrangement broke no rules and that she will be vindicated in investigations of whether any laws were broken. The government forbids sending or storing classified information outside secure, government-controlled channels.  The FBI has taken the server and is investigating the case with U.S. Justice Department attorneys. At least two Republican-led congressional committees are also investigating. The Democratic president was asked if the Justice Department investigation would treat the Clinton case impartially. “I guarantee that there is no political influence in any investigation conducted by the Justice Department, or the FBI, not just in this case, but in any case,” said Obama, who leaves office next year. “Guaranteed. Full stop. Nobody gets treated differently when it comes to the Justice Department. Because nobody is above the law,” he said. The State Department said this month it has suspended plans for an internal review of whether classified information was properly handled in Clinton’s emails at the request of the FBI. The department, complying with a judge’s order, has released more than 52,000 emails from Clinton’s private server. Republican rivals in the battle for the Nov. 8 presidential election have cited the email controversy in saying Clinton is unfit for the presidency. ",1
9996,U.S. plans to curb tax 'inversions' could hit foreign companies,"LONDON (Reuters) - Planned changes that President Barack Obama says are aimed at ensuring American companies do not avoid tax by shifting their headquarters overseas could also force foreign companies to adopt more conservative U.S. tax-planning strategies. One of the measures restricts the ability of U.S. subsidiaries of foreign companies to deduct the interest they pay on loans from their parent firms from their taxable income. It aims to stop a redomiciled American firm from reducing its U.S. tax bill by piling inter-group debt on its U.S. operations, and effectively shifting profits overseas.  But it could also affect European companies that use similar strategies to reduce their tax bills in the United States after buying U.S. firms. The new rules announced by the Treasury department this week aim to curb so-called ‘inversions’ - where a U.S. group acquires a smaller overseas company and shifts its domicile to a lower-tax jurisdiction.  Drugmaker Pfizer’s plan to buy rival Allergan and move to Ireland was one of the planned inversions that prompted the Obama administration to act. The $160 billion deal fell apart last week as a result of other aspects of the Treasury reforms. Under the new rule regarding debt, if a U.S. subsidiary transfers money to its overseas parent within three years before or after borrowing money from it, by paying a dividend or buying shares in the parent, then U.S. tax authorities could potentially treat the loan as if it was equity. This means the interest on the debt would not be deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.  Experts said that European companies would still be able to shift profits via inter-group debt, but may have to do so gradually over a longer period of time. “It, without doubt, significantly changes the rules of the game,” said Stephen Shay, professor of law at Harvard University.  “In the old days you bought and then you levered up as much as you can and that is not going to happen in the same way, but how much of a constraint that becomes is unclear,” he added. Nancy McLernon, president of the Organization for International Investment, a trade group for the U.S. subsidiaries of foreign companies, denied non-U.S. groups were routinely shifting profit overseas through debt.  “Where’s the problem they (U.S. authorities) are trying to fix? It feels more like a tax grab,” she said.  She said the complexity of the issue and uncertainty over how the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the U.S. tax authority, would seek to use their new powers would make investing in new U.S. projects less attractive.  “It will have a chilling effect on foreign direct investment in the United States,” McLernon added. The Treasury says it is targeting situations where large debts are incurred to fund dividends shortly after an inversion or foreign acquisition, rather than the most common way U.S. subsidiaries accumulate inter-group debt. That is by having the subsidiary gradually pay all its profit to its parent as dividends and then borrow money from its parent for new investment.  “The proposed regulations generally do not apply to related-party debt that is incurred to fund actual business investment, such as building or equipping a factory,” a Treasury factsheet released last week said. Providing the money a foreign company takes out of its U.S. subsidiary is in line with the U.S. company’s profits, the transactions should escape IRS scrutiny, Shay said. Companies don’t usually publish details of their inter-group financing so it’s impossible to put a figure on how much profit foreign companies shelter from U.S. tax through inter-group loans. Richard Murphy, professor of practice in international political economy at City University London, estimates the IRS could lose tens of billions of dollars in taxes each year in this way. Companies that have reduced their U.S. tax bills via inter-group lending include drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline, education group Pearson, utility Scottish Power and telecoms group Vodafone.  All said their lending to U.S. subsidiaries had been unwound and that they complied with all tax rules. Details of their lending arrangements came to public attention following data leaks or legal action with tax authorities. A 2013 Reuters examination of tax planning by Europe’s largest software group, SAP AG, showed how the German company shifted profits from the United States, which has a corporate tax rate of at least 35 percent, to Ireland whose headline rate is 12.5 percent. here HIGH-INTEREST LOANS According to Reuters calculations based on 2015 corporate filings, SAP America Inc reduces its U.S. tax bill by around $200 million a year by borrowing $7.4 billion from SAP Ireland US Financial Services Ltd at an interest rate of at least 7 percent. The debt, which helped fund the acquisition of U.S. software groups, cuts its taxable income by around $600 million a year. A spokesman for SAP group declined to comment on the Reuters calculations but said the company followed all tax rules and that its funding structure was driven by business rather than tax reasons. Some measures previously proposed by Obama and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), which advises developed nations on tax policy, would have limited interest deductions to the extent that they reflected an operating unit’s share of total group interest costs. Since SAP group’s total net interest expense was just 5 million euros last year, most of its U.S. subsidiary’s deduction may have been disallowed under such proposals.  But the Treasury plan is far more limited than these proposals. SAP filings suggest that it has not taken large amounts of cash from its acquired U.S. subsidiaries and recapitalized them with debt.  Debts accumulated as SAP has done – by acquiring and expanding U.S. companies - should not be captured by the new measures, even if that debt is out of proportion to the parent’s overall debt burden.  But it’s hard to be certain. Inter-group debts usually run for a period of a few years, and each time they extend them, there is an opportunity for the IRS to re-examine the arrangement.  “There is certainly is a risk when they roll over that instrument, that it is going to be recharacterised as equity,” said Victor Fleischer, professor of law at the University of San Diego, said of the SAP loans.          ",1
9997,U.S. Democrat Clinton downplays chance of contested convention,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton on Sunday dismissed the notion of a contested nominating convention and said she was not preparing for such a scenario, after her rival for her party’s presidential nomination racked up another victory.  Bernie Sanders won the Wyoming caucuses on Saturday, his seventh victory over Clinton in the last eight Democratic nominating contests as the two gear up for a crucial matchup on April 19 in New York state. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, is trying to chip away at Clinton’s big lead in the number of delegates needed to secure the Democratic nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election. He said on Sunday he believed he could close the gap, and left the door open for a so-called floor flight at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July if neither has won an outright majority of delegates.  In that case, a system of multiple ballots takes place, governed by complex rules, with candidates hoping to persuade delegates to vote for them. Asked on CNN if she were preparing for such a scenario, Clinton said, “No, I intend to have the number of delegates that are required to be nominated.”    The former U.S. secretary of state said she was leading Sanders by 2.5 million popular votes and in pledged delegates. “I feel good about the upcoming contests, and I expect to be the nominee,” she said. The specter of a contested convention, a relatively rare event in recent U.S. politics, looms much larger in the Republican race. While front-runner Donald Trump has amassed a delegate lead by winning many state contests, rival Ted Cruz has proved tenacious in pursuit of every last delegate available by other means. Cruz’s campaign has worked hard in states where the delegate allocation process is more complex, such as Colorado, where the U.S. senator from Texas garnered 34 delegates on Saturday. The Trump campaign has complained about the nominating process, including in Louisiana, where the New York billionaire Trump won the vote but split the delegates equally with Cruz. “It’s a crooked system,” Trump said at a large rally in Rochester, New York, on Sunday before saying the process was broken in both major parties and expressing sympathy for Sanders. “Look at Bernie: He wins and wins and wins.”  Trump said he had warned the Republican National Committee there would be a “big problem” if he does not become the nominee. “We’re supposed to be a democracy. We’re supposed to be: You vote and it means something.” Paul Manafort, the veteran political strategist Trump hired to oversee his delegate operation, accused the Cruz campaign of bullying delegates into backing the senator, something the Trump campaign planned to protest. “Well, he’s threatening, you go to these county conventions, and you see the tactics, Gestapo tactics, the scorched-earth tactics,” Manafort said on NBC’s ‘Meet the Press’. Clinton was campaigning in Baltimore on Sunday, where she received the endorsement of U.S. Representative Elijah Cummings ahead of Maryland’s nominating contest on April 25, where another 95 delegates are at stake. The Wyoming results did not change the delegate math for the Democratic contenders. Each won seven, since delegates are awarded proportionally based on caucus-goers’ support. Going into Wyoming, Clinton had more than half of the 2,383 delegates needed to win the nomination. Sanders trailed her by 250 pledged delegates, those awarded based on the results of the state nominating contests.  But Sanders said future contests in the West and on the East Coast looked favorable to him, including New York, Pennsylvania, California and Oregon. “We believe that we have the momentum. We believe that the polling is showing that we’re closing the gap,” Sanders said on Sunday on ABC’s “This Week.” Sanders sidestepped questions on whether he was prepared to take the nomination to a floor fight if Clinton did not win the magic number of pledged delegates, but he left the possibility open. “If neither candidate ends up, you know, having the kind of votes they need, yes, I think there will be some discussion,” Sanders said on CNN’s “State of the Union.” An inquiry by the Federal Bureau of Investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server in her Chappaqua, New York, home for her work as secretary of state continues to cast legal uncertainty over her campaign. On Sunday, her former boss, President Barack Obama, said he did not believe the arrangement harmed national security, despite more than 2,000 of her emails containing classified information, which the government bans from being handled outside secure, government-controlled channels. “There’s classified and then there’s classified,” Obama said in an interview with Fox News. He also emphasized that the U.S. Justice Department would investigate impartially, without heed to politics. ",1
9998,Boston Globe denounces Trump candidacy in 'front page' satire ,"(Reuters) - Headlines screaming “Deportations to begin” and “Markets sink as trade war looms” top a parody newspaper front page the Boston Globe posted on Saturday, with a scathing editorial denouncing Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump’s candidacy. The mock-up, offering the Globe’s satirical view of America under a Trump presidency, was set to run as the front page of the newspaper’s “Ideas” section, followed on page 2 of that section by the anti-Trump editorial. The novel front-page spoof, says the editorial, is designed to take Trump’s rhetoric and his policy positions to their “logical conclusion.”  “It is an exercise in taking a man at his word,” the editorial says.  “And his vision of America promises to be as appalling in real life as it is in black and white on the page.” There was no immediate comment from Trump or his campaign. The editorial brands the billionaire businessman as a “demagogue” whose own political vision is “profoundly un-American.”  It casts his closest rival for the 2016 Republican nomination, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, as “equally extreme” and urges Republicans, if possible at the party’s nominating convention in July, to draft a “plausible, honorable” alternative, suggesting U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan or former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney. The mock Trump page was conceived and executed by the Globe’s editorial writers, columnists and commentary editors, who make up the newspaper’s editorial board, said Ellen Clegg, the newspaper’s editorial page editor. Noting that she reports to John Henry, the Globe’s publisher, Clegg stressed to Reuters in a telephone interview that the front-page parody “does not involve our newsroom.” Clegg said she knew of no other such expression of political satire ever published by the Globe or any other major metropolitan daily in the United States during her 30 years at the newspaper. But it was reminiscent of the kind of parody regularly featured by the farcical online news outlet, The Onion. The mock front page envisions a host of political, financial and international scenarios ranging from disturbingly surreal to darkly humorous, all playing on Trump’s real pronouncements about illegal immigration, Muslims, national security and the First Amendment. A color photograph of Trump making a speech is centered near the top of the page under a banner headline reading: “Deportations to begin,” with a subhead reporting that Trump was calling for a tripling of immigration enforcement personnel as “riots continue.” A top story on the page opens with the paragraph: “Worldwide stocks plunged again Friday, completing the worst month on record as trade wars with both China and Mexico seem imminent.” Other mock entries include a story about unrest in the ranks of the U.S. military as soldiers refuse orders to kill family members of Islamic State militants, and the headline: “New libel law targets ‘absolute scum’ in press.” In a more tongue-in-cheek vein, a brief item reports Trump on the “short list” for the Nobel Peace Prize. “His feat? Healing a 1,385-year-old schism between Sunni and Shi’ite Muslims, which has fueled bloody conflicts across the globe for centuries.” Clegg said it was not the first time the Globe, which tends to lean Democratic on its opinion pages, has editorialized against Trump, but it marked its most “resolute” opposition to his candidacy. ",1
9999,Lawyers evasive about ex-U.S. House speaker's alleged sex abuse,"(Reuters) - Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert’s lawyers declined on Saturday to directly address sexual abuse allegations from federal prosecutors, who asserted that he molested at least four boys decades ago when he served as a high school wrestling coach. Hastert, 74, faces a maximum penalty of five years in prison when sentenced later this month for his guilty plea in October to a federal charge of illegally structuring large bank withdrawals in small increments to evade currency-reporting rules. As part of that plea, the former Republican speaker of the House of Representatives admitted paying $1.7 million in cash to someone he had known for decades as hush money and compensation for unspecified wrongdoing toward that individual. Until this week, neither defense lawyers nor prosecutors had stepped forward to publicly reveal the underlying misconduct at issue. That changed on Friday, when prosecutors alleged in a court filing that Hastert had sexually abused at least four boys on the wrestling team he coached during his time as a teacher at Yorkville High School in the 1960s and ‘70s. Providing details of the alleged abuse, some of them quite graphic,  the prosecutors said Hastert offered massages to students in a locker room, where he had set up an easy chair in view of the boys’ shower, and inappropriately touched some of the students. They also cited an alleged incident that occurred during a wrestling trip in a motel room. Although statutes of limitations bar sexual abuse charges against Hastert, “with this case the government seeks to hold defendant accountable for the crimes he committed that can still be prosecuted,” the court filing said. Asked by Reuters if Hastert or his lawyers would comment on the court filing, a pre-sentencing memorandum, Hastert attorney Thomas Green issued a statement that neither confirmed nor denied the allegations. Hastert “acknowledges that as a young man he committed transgressions for which he is profoundly sorry,” the statement said. “He earnestly apologizes to his former students, family, friends, previous constituents and all others affected by the harm his actions have caused.” The wording closely mirrored a similar expression of remorse contained in a pre-sentencing memo filed by the defense earlier this week. It differed, however, in expressly mentioning “former students.” The defense has asked the federal judge in the case to spare Hastert prison time, citing his deteriorating health, his remorse and years he “dedicated to public service.” Prosecutors have recommended a prison term of no more than six months.  Sentencing is scheduled for April 27. ",1
10000,"Arizona man challenges primary results, alleging misconduct ","PHOENIX (Reuters) - An Arizona man filed a lawsuit on Friday challenging the results of the state’s March presidential primary election, alleging misconduct by officials during a nominating contest that is already mired in controversy. The lawsuit filed by Tucson resident John Brakey alleges that officials improperly handled voter registration requests and permitted illegal votes to be cast in the election, which was marred by long lines at polling stations and allegations of discrimination against minority voters. The three-count complaint, filed late on Friday afternoon against Arizona’s secretary of state and 15 counties, also claims that erroneous ballots were counted by officials on election day. It seeks to enjoin the state from certifying the results “until such election is properly conducted and in compliance with every requirement of Arizona law,” according to the lawsuit. The legal action comes amid an investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice into the election’s handling by Maricopa County officials that saw outraged votes wait up to five hours to cast their ballots at polls. Some county residents waited long after the polls had officially closed and projected results announced to vote at one of 60 election sites, a reduced number of locations made in cost-cutting efforts by officials. Two hundred polls were set up for the same election in 2012. Officials immediately took the blame for misjudging the number of people who would show up at the polls to cast ballots, saying that their decision were based on turnout history and an increase in mail-in voters. U.S. Justice Department officials are investigating whether federal voting laws were violated after complaints of long lines at polling stations and allegations that there was disproportionate waiting times in areas with high numbers of minority people. Maricopa County officials have until April 22 to respond to the questions from the head of the voting section of the department’s civil rights division. Such an investigation was requested by Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton, who called the March 22 election won by Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump “a fiasco” that was unacceptable. A hearing on the lawsuit has been set for April 19. (Corrects headline and first two paragraphs to show lawsuit alleges official misconduct over voter registration requests, not lines at polling stations or possible discrimination against minority voters) ",1
10001,Vatican trip could boost Sanders' fight against Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders will  speak at an event in the Vatican next week, likely broadening his appeal to Catholic voters ahead of crucial nominating contests in a series of Northeastern states. Like Pope Francis, Sanders has made economic inequality and the plight of the working class a central tenet of his message. Sanders’ April 15 visit to Vatican City, where he will give an economic address at a conference, will come just days before Democrats in New York vote in their state primary. The trip may help the U.S. senator amplify the anti-corporate line of attack he has employed against Democratic rival Hillary Clinton as he tries to keep his insurgent campaign for the Nov. 8 presidential election alive.  Sanders, who would be the first Jewish U.S. president if elected, described himself on MSNBC as a “big, big fan of the pope,” who leads the world’s 1.2 billion Catholics. Speaking to reporters in New York later, Sanders said he hoped to meet with Francis.  “The pope’s schedule is determined by the Vatican but I would certainly be enthusiastic about that,” said Sanders, 74, the Brooklyn-born son of Polish-Jewish immigrants.  A meeting with the Argentine pontiff could provide an electoral boost to Sanders, who has trailed former Secretary of State Clinton in support among America’s Catholic Democrats. “Pope Francis has criticized the ‘make money at all cost’ capitalist mentality and called for more compassion for the poor,” said Brad Bannon, a Democratic strategist in Washington. “That’s exactly the way, Bernie Sanders wants to define his campaign against Clinton.”         Clinton has scored victories over Sanders in Florida, Louisiana, Massachusetts, and Texas, all of which are more than one-quarter Catholic.  A survey by the Pew Research Center earlier this year found that while almost 70 percent of Catholic Democrats thought Clinton would make a good president, just 46 percent thought Sanders would be one. “This is a great play for Sanders because it ties directly his messaging related to income equality, it puts him on the world stage as a leader, and it does it with an institution and leader important to a key voting bloc in a state where every vote is going to count heading into the primary,” said Virginia-based Democratic strategist Bud Jackson.  Sanders was invited to speak at the Vatican event by the Vatican, a senior papal official said, denying a report that Sanders had invited himself. “I deny that. It was not that way,” Monsignor Marcelo Sanchez Sorondo told Reuters. Sorondo, a close aide to Pope Francis, is chancellor of the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences, which is hosting the event. Late April brings nominating contests in Connecticut, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island, all states with large populations of Catholic voters. Sanders’ victory earlier this week over Clinton in the Wisconsin primary marked his sixth win in the past seven contests, sparking renewed talk of Clinton’s political vulnerability despite her substantial delegate lead. Sanders this week said Clinton, who is also a former first lady and former U.S. senator, was not qualified to be president. After heavy criticism from Clinton’s campaign and other Democrats, he backed off Friday morning in an interview on NBC’s “Today.”  “On her worst day, she would be an infinitely better president than either of the Republican candidates,” he said, referring to New York developer Donald Trump and U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. Clinton has been under fire from progressives since her campaign began. On Thursday, her husband, former President Bill Clinton, had a testy exchange at a campaign rally in Philadelphia with protestors from the Black Lives Matter movement over the effects of an anti-crime bill passed during his presidency.  At one point, Bill Clinton accused the movement of “defending the people who kill the lives you say matter.”  On Friday, he seemed regretful. “I rather vigorously defended my wife, as I am wont to do, and I realized, finally, I was talking past her (the protestor) the same way she was talking past me,” Clinton said at an event in Erie, Pennsylvania. “We have got to stop that in this country. We’ve got to listen to each other again.”   In the Republican race, Trump extended his lead nationally over Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich, according to the latest Reuters/Ipsos poll. The national online poll showed that 42 percent of Republicans support Trump, compared with 32 percent for Cruz and 20 percent for Kasich.           ",1
10002,Exclusive: Blocking Trump could hurt Republicans in election - Reuters/Ipsos poll,"(Reuters) - A third of Republican voters who support Donald Trump could turn their backs on their party in November’s presidential election if he is denied the nomination in a contested convention, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll. The results are bad news for Trump’s rivals as well as party elites opposed to the real estate billionaire, suggesting that an alternative Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential race would have a tougher road against the Democrats. “If it’s a close election, this is devastating news” for the Republicans, said Donald Green, an expert on election turnout at Columbia University.  The Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted March 30 to April 8 asked Trump’s Republican supporters two questions: if Trump wins the most delegates in the primaries but loses the nomination, what would they do on Election Day, and how would it impact their relationship with the Republican Party? Sixty-six percent said they would vote for the candidate who eventually wins the nomination, while the remaining third were split between a number of alternatives such as not voting, supporting a third-party candidate, and switching parties and voting for the Democratic nominee.  Meanwhile, 58 percent said they would remain with the Republican Party. Another 16 percent said they would leave it, and 26 percent said they did not know what they would do with their registration. The online poll of 468 Republican Trump supporters has a credibility interval of 5.3 percentage points. (Click here for the poll results: tmsnrt.rs/25PRLZe ) Trump has topped the national polls throughout most of the race for the Republican nomination, and has won more delegates than any other Republican so far. A Reuters/Ipsos online poll from April 4-8 showed that 42 percent of Republicans support Trump, compared with 32 percent for U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and 20 percent for Ohio Governor John Kasich. [L2N17B1J0] Cruz and Kasich have both said their paths to victory rely on winning at least enough votes to block an outright win for Trump and force a decision at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. But Trump, whose supporters have remained loyal even as he rankled women, Hispanics, Muslims, veterans and others with his fiery rhetoric on the campaign trail, predicted last month there would be riots outside the convention if he was blocked. “If they broker him out, I’ll be fed up with the Republicans,” said Chuck Thompson, 66, a Trump supporter from Concord, North Carolina, who took the poll.  Thompson, a lifelong Republican, said he admires Trump’s independence from big campaign donors and takes that as a sign that the front-runner will be able to think for himself if he were to become president.  If Trump loses the nomination, Thompson said he would quit the party. “The people want Donald Trump. If they (Republicans) can’t deal with that, I don’t need them,” he said. Green said the departure of even a small number of Republicans would make it tough for the party to prevent the Democrats from winning the White House, especially if the election is again decided by razor-thin margins in a handful of battleground states.  In 2012, President Barack Obama won Florida by less than 1 percentage point and Ohio and Virginia by less than 4 percentage points. “The Republicans don’t really have any margin of error,” Green said. Trump and Cruz both trail Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton among likely general election voters in a hypothetical general election matchup, but not by much, according to the latest Reuters/Ipsos polls. Generally, a convention battle is a bad sign for the health of a political party, said Elaine Kamarck, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and author of the book, “Primary Politics: How Presidential Candidates Have Shaped the Modern Nominating System.”  “When a party gets to a point when it has a contested convention, it almost always hurts them,” Kamarck said. “It’s a confirmation of some really deep fissures within the party that were unable to be dealt with during the primary season.” Trump supporter Elizabeth Oerther, 40, of Louisville, Kentucky, said she would switch parties and vote for the Democratic nominee if the Republicans denied Trump the nomination.  “If you don’t give it to him, I’m going to vote against them,” said Oerther, who took the poll. “They want to take away the choice of the people. That’s wrong.” ",1
10003,Prosecutors say ex-House Speaker Hastert sexually abused boys,"(Reuters) - Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert, convicted last year of a financial crime in a hush-money case, had agreed to pay $3.5 million to buy the silence of an individual who he sexually abused when the victim was a teenager, federal prosecutors said on Friday. It was the first time that prosecutors, in a new court filing, had said that Hastert had been extorted to keep quiet allegations he sexually abused a 14-year-old victim decades ago. In the filing the prosecutors accuse Hastert, 74, of molesting several boys when he was a high school teacher and coach in his hometown of Yorkville, Illinois in the 1960s and 1970s.  Though the statute of limitations has expired on prosecuting Hastert for sex abuse, “with this case the government seeks to hold defendant accountable for the crimes he committed that can still be prosecuted,” the prosecutors said in the filing. The former Republican speaker of the House of Representatives has admitted to paying $1.7 million in cash to someone he had known for decades to buy that person’s silence and compensate for past misconduct toward that individual.    Hastert’s lawyers have not revealed the misconduct at issue. There was no immediate response to an email to one of his attorneys, Thomas Green, seeking comment on the details in the prosecutors’ filing. Hastert faces a maximum penalty of five years in prison when sentenced later this month for his guilty plea in October to a federal charge of “structuring” - evading bank reporting rules by withdrawing large amounts of cash in small increments. On Wednesday, his attorneys urged a federal judge to spare him prison time for health reasons and because he is “deeply sorry.”     Prosecutors have recommended a prison term of no more than six months in exchange for Hastert’s guilty plea. The defense asked that he be sentenced to probation only, citing his deteriorating medical condition. Hastert is scheduled to be sentenced on April 27, according to the Chicago Tribune. ",1
10004,Senate primary-race pressures work against Obama's court nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama is maintaining pressure on the Senate to approve his Supreme Court nominee, but the need for Republican U.S. senators seeking re-election to keep conservative voters happy before primary elections in the coming months is working against him. From April 26 to Sept. 13, nine states where incumbent Republicans’ grip on U.S. Senate seats is tenuous will hold party primaries ahead of the Nov. 8 congressional and presidential elections. During that period, Republicans seem unlikely to break with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s hard-line stance against holding confirmation hearings or a vote on Obama’s nominee, appellate judge Merrick Garland. McConnell has insisted that Obama’s successor, to be elected in November and take office in January, should fill the vacancy left by February’s death of Justice Antonin Scalia. Republicans are hoping their party’s candidate wins the presidency and can make the appointment. A Supreme Court appointment requires Senate confirmation. Voicing support for holding Garland hearings during the primary season, political experts say, could enrage conservatives already upset over the prospect of Obama making a third lifetime appointment to the nine-member court, which could give the bench a liberal tilt for the first time in decades. That anger could bolster primary candidates challenging incumbent Republicans from the right or encourage new challengers to come forward. Political science professor Sheldon Goldman of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, who has tracked Supreme Court nominations since the 1960s, said of the Garland fight: “The real obstacle is getting over the primaries.” The danger of straying from McConnell’s blockade was illustrated when Kansas Republican Jerry Moran last month backed hearings on Garland but reversed course after rumblings of a right-wing challenge materializing in Moran’s Aug. 2 primary. Other key battlegrounds for Senate Republicans include Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Florida and New Hampshire. New Hampshire’s Kelly Ayotte is viewed as one of the most vulnerable Senate Republican incumbents. Ayotte will meet with Garland but said she wants the Senate to wait until after November’s elections to act on the nomination. Arizona Senator John McCain, facing at least two opponents in his Aug. 30 Republican primary, downplayed the political difficulties presented by Garland’s nomination. He said when he was home during the recent Senate recess, he heard few complaints. Of his constituents, McCain said, “They would ask. I would explain.” Obama and fellow Democrats in the Senate continue to press Republicans to allow hearings by summer. “So what you have here is, I think, a circumstance in which those (Republicans) in the Senate have decided that ‘placating our base’ is more important than upholding their constitutional and institutional roles in our democracy in a way that is dangerous,” Obama said in Chicago on Thursday. Some Democrats think McConnell’s gambit gives them a campaign issue for the elections. Dick Durbin, the Senate’s No. 2 Democrat, said, “If there was any question about obstruction in the United States Senate, what’s happening with the vacancy on the Supreme Court is Exhibit A of Republican obstructionism.” ",1
10005,"Obama says Trump, Cruz doing Democrats a 'favor'","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Friday told donors that Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz were doing Democrats a “favor” by exposing extreme views within their party on issues such as immigration and national security. “I actually think that Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have done us a favor,” Obama said, referring to policy positions that would restrict Muslims and Mexicans from entering the country. Obama said Trump and Cruz, the two front-runners in the Republican nomination contest ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election, have upset mainstream “establishment” Republicans with their insurgent campaigns. But he told about 100 people at the annual “signature” fundraising dinner for Nancy Pelosi, Democratic leader in the House of Representatives, that Trump had laid bare what some in the Republican party had been saying for years. “He said, ‘You know what? I can deliver this message with more flair, with more panache,’” Obama said. Speaking in an opulent two-storey atrium with marble pillars in the home of billionaire oil heirs Gordon and Ann Getty, where donors paid $33,400 per couple to benefit the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, Obama mocked Trump. “In 10 months, I will no longer be president of the United States. But in 10 months, I will - contrary to Mr. Trump’s opinion - still be a citizen of the United States,” he said, drawing laughter and cheers from the crowd. Trump had long raised questions about whether Obama, who was born in Hawaii, was actually born outside the United States. It was Obama’s fourth stop on a fundraising swing through San Francisco and Los Angeles. Earlier, in San Francisco, Obama held a private roundtable at the Potrero Hill home of Susan Sandler and Steve Philips for the Democratic National Committee with about 25 people who paid up to $33,400 to attend. He started Friday in Los Angeles with a breakfast event at the Brentwood home of “Spiderman” actor Tobey Maguire, closed to the media, where an undisclosed number of $33,400-tickets raised money for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. On Thursday, he spoke at a fundraising dinner for the DCCC in a tent with seating for about 80 people outside the Bel Air home of Alan Horn, chairman of Walt Disney Studios, and Cindy Horn, an environmental activist. ",1
10006,California to expand paid family leave for new parents,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California will increase the amount of money new parents can receive through the state’s paid family leave program under a bill to be signed on Monday by Democratic Governor Jerry Brown, his office said Friday. The measure, passed last month by the state legislature, would increase the amount paid to new parents or people caring for a sick family member to as much as 70 percent of their regular income for the poorest workers, up from 55 percent. Those earning more would still get an increase in payments, to 60 percent from 55 percent. The state also plans to eliminate a seven-day waiting period imposed on receiving the benefits. The legislation aims to help more people take family leave, especially poorer Californians who could not afford to stop work if they only got 55 percent of their regular income, according to the bill’s author Jimmy Gomez, a Democratic assembly member. The program, administered through the state’s disability system, would apply to all parents who take off time from work to bond with a child within one year of birth, adoption or placement as a foster child. It would also provide payments to people who take time to care for seriously ill family members. ",1
10007,U.S. needs up to 18 more Russian rocket engines: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon will need to buy up to 18 more Russian-built RD-180 engines to power rockets carrying U.S. military satellites into space over the next six years or so, Deputy Defense Secretary Robert Work said in an interview on Friday. Congress banned use of the Russian RD-180 rocket engines for military use after 2019, following Russia’s annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine in 2014. But U.S. lawmakers eased the ban late last year, worried that it could drive United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co, out of business and leave only privately held SpaceX to lift satellites into space. Work said the United States needed to ensure there were at least “two affordable and reliable means into space.” He added the RD-180 would be needed only during what he described as a transition period of new domestic rocket engine development.  “We just don’t see any way you can get a new engine in anything less than six years,” Work said. “And so, therefore, in the transition period, we believe strongly that we need RD-180 space engines. No more than 18 but, you know, that’s our position.” Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, is pushing to end U.S. dependence on Russian engines used by United Launch Alliance to power its Atlas 5 rockets. McCain said last month that two Russians placed on the U.S. sanctions list because of events in Ukraine were leaders of Russian space agency Roscosmos, which he said was the parent of the company that makes the RD-180 rocket. ULA has said it was moving forward with two companies developing their own U.S. engines, Blue Origin and Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, but such development programs were difficult and took years to complete. ",1
10008,"U.S. hands over 1,100 pages of Benghazi records: House panel chairman","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department on Friday handed over more than 1,100 pages of records to the committee investigating the deaths of U.S. citizens in Benghazi, Libya on Sept. 11, 2012, the chairman of the House of Representatives panel said. The records included files from senior employees during the time Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, according to a statement by Select Committee on Benghazi Chairman Trey Gowdy. <bit.ly/1VbDyTc> “It is deplorable that it took over a year for these records to be produced to our committee, and that our Democrat colleagues never lifted a finger to help us get them,” Gowdy, a Republican, said in the statement. Democrats have complained since the investigation began that the panel is a partisan project bent on hurting Clinton’s candidacy. ",1
10009,Colorado lawmaker aims to outlaw pot-laced gummy bears,"(Reuters) - A Colorado lawmaker is trying to outlaw marijuana-laced gummy candies that resemble children’s treats, the latest effort by a U.S. state to address the complexities and unintended consequences of pot legalization. In 2014 Colorado became the first state to allow the sale of marijuana for recreational use, and it has grown to be a billion dollar industry in the state. The measure by State Representative Dan Pabon, a Democrat from Denver, would prohibit edible marijuana to be sold in the form of an animal, human or fruit, common shapes for gummy candies favored by young children. “Right now in Colorado, there are no distinguishing characteristics between the gummy bear that contains marijuana and one that does not,” Palon said. The appeal of edible marijuana products to children has become a concern in the few U.S. states that have legalized pot in recent years. In Washington state, where legal pot has been on sale for about 18 months, regulators recently tightened the rules on edible products made with cannabis, said Rick Garza, director of the Washington State Liquor and Cannabis board. The new restrictions outlawed brightly colored marijuana lollipops and other sweets deemed to be particularly attractive to children, Gar said. Numerous children in Colorado were hospitalized after becoming critically ill as a result of ingesting edible marijuana products after pot became legal there in 2014, and lawmakers have already moved once to toughen the rules. But Democratic Governor John Hickenlooper has urged the legislature to do more, saying in his State of the State address in January that pot-laced edibles look too much like “products kids can find in the candy aisle.” “Back in the day, candy cigarettes desensitized kids to the dangers of tobacco - and today, pot-infused gummy bears send the wrong message to our kids about marijuana,” Hickenlooper said. Pabon’s bill, submitted on Thursday, directs the state’s marijuana regulatory agency to develop more detailed guidelines on how enforcing the ban on marijuana candies shaped like humans, animals or fruit would work.     Voters in four U.S. states and the District of Columbia approved ballot measures to legalize marijuana for recreational use by adults in recent years. Numerous others allow medicinal use. Advocates have pushed for similar referendums in a half-dozen other states, including California, Massachusetts and Maine. In Maine, a proposed legalization referendum advanced on Friday when a judge overruled a state official’s decision invalidating some of the signatures needed to get the initiative on the ballot.                ",1
10010,Obama to discuss Islamic State at CIA next week,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will convene a meeting of his National Security Council next week at the Central Intelligence Agency headquarters to review the fight against Islamic State militants, the White House said on Friday. The meeting, to be held on Wednesday, comes as the administration weighs a plan to increase the number of U.S. special operations forces deployed to Syria to try to advance recent gains against Islamic State. The top U.S. general, Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has said he is working on options to present to Obama to increase U.S. forces in Iraq to bolster Iraqi forces preparing for a major offensive against the militant group in Mosul. Obama has held similar meetings, at the Pentagon and at the State Department, on fighting Islamic State, which holds areas of Syria and Iraq. “There’s no particular operational reason for him having it there,” White House spokeswoman Jen Friedman told reporters. “It’s just the next in a series of these meetings.”  ",1
10011,Poll: Trump extends his lead among Republicans with 42 percent support,"(Reuters) - Celebrity real estate developer Donald Trump has extended his lead nationally over Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Governor John Kasich for the Republican presidential nomination, according to the latest Reuters/Ipsos poll. The national online poll from April 4-8 showed that 42 percent of Republicans support Trump, compared with 32 percent for Cruz and 20 percent for Kasich. Trump has topped the poll of Republican voters since July, though his lead narrowed considerably in recent weeks as Trump retweeted unflattering pictures of Cruz’s wife and his campaign manager was charged with battery in an incident involving a reporter at a campaign event.  Meanwhile, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton led Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont for the Democratic nomination. The poll showed that 53 percent of Democrats support Clinton and 43 percent support Sanders.  The poll included 626 Republicans and 668 Democrats and has a credibility interval of 4.6 percentage points. ",1
10012,New Jersey's Christie loses bid to freeze Atlantic City spending,"ATLANTIC CITY (Reuters) - A New Jersey judge on Friday rejected a bid by Governor Chris Christie’s administration to freeze spending by cash-strapped Atlantic City, which the governor argued was needed to protect tax revenues for city schools. Superior Court Judge Julio Mendez declined to order the city to stop all spending and divert what little remaining cash it has to the school district. But the nearly insolvent seaside gambling hub could find itself back in court with the state, which sued on Monday. Both sides are due back April 19, unless the city makes its April 15 payment to the district or can reach a deal on payments. Christie’s move was one of several on Monday that added to Atlantic City’s woes and kicked off a week of escalating mudslinging, perhaps the worst so far during the city’s recent financial crisis, in which Christie called Mayor Don Guardian a “liar.” That same day, Moody’s Investors Service downgraded Atlantic  City’s credit rating deeper into junk territory and the Borgata Casino Hotel & Spa won the right to appeal four years of property taxes after Judge Mendez, in a separate case, found the city violated an $88.2 million settlement agreement by failing to pay.     Christie and state Senate leaders want the state to takeover city operations, saying local officials have not done enough to cut expenses as the casino industry suffered from competition in neighboring states. Guardian has called that plan a “fascist dictatorship,” and state Assembly leaders on Thursday advanced an alternate rescue package with softer takeover provisions. The city had expected to shut down on Friday after running out of cash. But this week its nine public sector unions agreed to convert to a monthly payroll schedule, giving the city breathing room until quarterly tax payments arrive in May. Christie said the city’s paycheck-to-paycheck budgeting will leave the schools broke. “The school district will not be able to operate” if it does not receive the roughly $8 million a month it is owed from the city, Assistant Attorney General Dan Dryzga told the court on Friday.  The city said a payment is not due until April 15.  “The schools can’t operate in a vacuum without police and fire services,” said Robert Tarver, an attorney representing the city. Atlantic City’s budget has been under state oversight since 2011. Guardian has said it remits payments to schools on a schedule laid out by the state. ",1
10013,Leak of Senate encryption bill prompts swift backlash,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Security researchers and civil liberties advocates on Friday condemned draft legislation leaked from the U.S. Senate that would let judges order technology companies to assist law enforcement agencies in breaking into encrypted data. The long-awaited bill is emerging just as the U.S. Justice Department redoubles its efforts to use the courts to force Apple to help unlock encrypted iPhones. The Senate proposal is an attempt to resolve long-standing disagreements between the technology community, which believes strong encryption is essential to keep hackers and others from disrupting the Internet, and law enforcement officials worried about being unable to pry open encrypted devices and communications of criminal suspects. But the draft bill, leaked online Thursday evening, was planned as an overly vague measure that added up to a ban on strong encryption.   Kevin Bankston, director of the Open Technology Institute, said in a statement it was the “most ludicrous, dangerous, technically illiterate tech policy proposal of the 21st century.” The leaked 9-page bill is the most current draft of the proposal, a source familiar with the language said.  It would give judges broad authority to order tech companies to hand over data in “an intelligible format” or provide “technical assistance” to access locked data. It does not spell out what form the data must take or under what circumstances a company would be forced to help. It also does not create specific penalties for noncompliance. In a joint statement, the authors of the bill, Senators Richard Burr and Dianne Feinstein, said they were still working with stakeholders to finalize the bill, which has repeatedly been delayed.  “The underlying goal is simple: when there’s a court order to render technical assistance to law enforcement or provide decrypted information, that court order is carried out,” they said. “No individual or company is above the law.” President Obama is expected to be personally briefed by White House chief of staff Denis McDonough on the proposal on Monday, sources said.  But the administration remains deeply divided over encryption and views it as too controversial to offer public support or opposition for the bill as it is currently written, according to sources. A White House spokesman told reporters Thursday the administration had not decided whether to support the measure, as it is still in a draft stage. The fight over encryption has been at the center of a months long dispute between Apple and the FBI over a phone linked to one of the San Bernardino, Calif., shooters. Though the Justice Department withdrew its request in that case after a secret third party provided a way to unlock the phone, it announced Friday it would move ahead with an appeal of a court ruling blocking the government from forcing Apple to help unlock an iPhone in a separate New York drug case.  The bill from Burr and Feinstein would make it much more difficult if not impossible for Apple to refuse to comply in such cases. An Apple attorney declined to comment about the draft legislation on a call with reporters.  The proposal from Burr and Feinstein, the top Republican and Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee respectively, is expected to face a steep climb in a gridlocked U.S. Congress during an election year. “For the first time in America, companies that want to protect their customers with stronger security will not have that choice,” Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat and vocal privacy advocate told reporters Friday. “They will be required by federal law per this statute to decide how to weaken their products to make Americans less safe.” Matt Blaze, a professor and computer security expert at the University of Pennsylvania, said on Twitter that the bill was worse than a failed effort by President Bill Clinton’s administration in the 1990s to require a special computer chip in phones to give the U.S. government a way to monitor encrypted conversations. The Clinton-era push crumbled amid stiff opposition from the technology sector that included a crucial security flaw in the proposal detected by Blaze. ",1
10014,Papal official denies report Sanders invited himself to Vatican,"VATICAN CITY/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders was invited to speak at an April 15 Vatican event by the Vatican, a senior papal official said on Friday, denying a report that Sanders had invited himself. “I deny that. It was not that way,” Monsignor Marcelo Sanchez Sorondo told Reuters in a telephone interview while he was traveling in New York. Sorondo, a close aide to Pope Francis, is chancellor of the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences, which is hosting the event.  He said it was his idea to invite Sanders. A Bloomberg report quoted Margaret Archer, president of the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences, as saying that Sanders had broken with protocol by failing to contact her office first. “This is not true and she knows it. I invited him with her consensus,” said Sorondo, who is senior to Archer. An invitation to Sanders dated March 30, which was emailed to Reuters, was signed by Sorondo and also included Archer’s name. ",1
10015,Bill Clinton confronts protesters who say his crime reforms hurt blacks,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former President Bill Clinton on Thursday faced down protesters angry at the impact his 1994 crime reforms have had on black Americans and defended the record of his wife, Hillary Clinton, who is relying on the support of black voters in her quest for the presidency. The former president spent more than 10 minutes confronting the protesters at a campaign rally in Philadelphia for his wife over criticisms that the crime bill he approved while president led to a surge in the imprisonment of black people.  The Democratic race for the Nov. 8 election has become increasingly heated as Hillary Clinton, stung by a string of losses in state contests, has traded barbs with her rival for the party’s nomination, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, over who is better prepared for the White House.  In Philadelphia, several protesters heckled the former president mid-speech and held up signs, including one that read: “CLINTON Crime Bill Destroyed Our Communities.” Video footage of Hillary Clinton defending the reforms in 1994 has been widely circulated during the campaign by activists in the Black Lives Matter protest movement. In the footage, she calls young people in gangs “super-predators” who need to “be brought to heel.” Hillary Clinton, 68, who also has faced protesters upset by her remarks, said in February she regretted her language. Bill Clinton, 69, who was president from 1993 to 2001, defended her 1994 remarks, which protesters say were racially insensitive, and suggested the protesters’ anger was misplaced.  “I don’t know how you would characterize the gang leaders who got 13-year-old kids hopped on crack and sent them out on the street to murder other African-American children,” he said, shaking his finger at a heckler as Clinton supporters cheered, according to video of the event. “Maybe you thought they were good citizens. She (Hillary Clinton) didn’t.”  “You are defending the people who kill the lives you say matter,” he told a protester. “Tell the truth.” Hillary Clinton promised to end “mass incarceration” in the first major speech of her campaign last year. She has won the support of the majority of black voters in every state nominating contest so far, often by a landslide. Spokesmen for the campaign and Bill Clinton did not immediately respond on Thursday to a request for comment. The United States has more people in prison than any other country. According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, 1.05 million prisoners were held in federal or state facilities in 1994. By 2014, it was 1.56 million. That year, 6 percent of all black men in their 30s were in prison, a rate six times higher than that of white men of the same age. Bill Clinton said last year that he regretted signing the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act into law because it contributed to the high incarceration rate of black people for nonviolent crimes. On Thursday, he did not explicitly recant those regrets, but appeared to be angry at any suggestion the bill was wholly bad. The legislation imposed tougher sentences, put thousands more police on the streets and helped fund the building of extra prisons. It was known for its federal “three strikes” provision that sent violent offenders to prison for life. The bill was backed by congressional Republicans and hailed at the time as a success for Clinton. Although Clinton is popular among Democrats who view him as a gifted orator and crowd pleaser, he has in the past veered from the carefully calibrated message put out by his wife’s campaign, causing problems for her representatives. During Hillary Clinton’s failed 2008 presidential bid, civil rights leaders and high-ranking Democrats in Congress criticized the former president for statements he made during a heated campaign against then-U.S. Senator Barack Obama. Bill Clinton said Obama’s campaign had “played the race card.” Obama became the first U.S. black president in November that year. Bill Clinton’s remarks on Thursday drew criticism online. Some saw him as dismissive of the Black Lives Matter movement, a national outgrowth of anger over a string of encounters in which police officers killed unarmed black people. Johnetta Elzie, a civil rights activist, wrote online that Clinton “can’t handle being confronted by his own record.” “This is like watching a robot malfunction,” she wrote. Earlier in Philadelphia, Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, assailed Clinton as unqualified to be president as the two campaigns became increasingly testy less than two weeks before New York’s nominating contest. “Are you qualified to be president of the United States when you’re raising millions of dollars from Wall Street, an entity whose greed, recklessness and illegal behavior helped destroy our economy?” Sanders said at a news conference. Clinton this week sharply questioned Sanders’ credentials and ability to carry out a campaign pledge to break up the big banks. Spokesmen for Clinton noted she never said the word “unqualified” when she questioned his preparedness for the presidency, but they declined to say whether she believed in that characterization. Clinton aimed for a more magnanimous tone than her aides when speaking to reporters during a subway ride in New York City. “I don’t know why he’s saying that,” she said of Sanders calling her unqualified. “But I will take Bernie Sanders over Ted Cruz or Donald Trump any time,” she said of the two leading candidates for the Republican presidential nomination. Sanders returned the sentiment in an interview with the “CBS Evening News” later on Thursday. “I think the idea of a Donald Trump or a Ted Cruz presidency would be an unmitigated disaster for this country. I will do everything in my power and work as hard as I can to make sure that that does not happen, and if Secretary Clinton is the nominee, I will certainly support her,” he said.  ",1
10016,"Democrat Sanders, 'big fan of pope,' to attend Vatican conference","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders announced on Friday he had accepted an invitation to the Vatican, saying his views on fighting income equality were similar to those of Pope Francis. “I am a big, big fan of the pope,” Sanders said in an interview on MSNBC. “He’s trying to inject this sense of morality into how we do economics ... and we need that absolutely desperately.” The Sanders campaign said in a statement that he would attend a conference on social, economic and environmental issues during the April 15 visit. Sanders, who has made fighting poverty a central issue of his campaign, said he would talk about how to create a moral economy during his visit. The visit will come four days before the primary election in delegate-rich New York, a state that both Sanders and his rival Democrat Hillary Clinton are viewing as home turf and hoping to win. The announcement of Sanders’ trip came as the pope called for a church that was less strict and more compassionate toward “imperfect” Catholics. Sanders said he admires the pope for talking about the “worship of money, the greed that’s out there.” “There are people who think that Bernie Sanders is radical,” Sanders said on MSNBC. “Read what the pope is writing.” ",1
10017,Trump adviser says Republicans won't have contested convention ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s new top political strategist predicted on Friday the Republican presidential front-runner would amass the 1,237 delegates needed to clinch his party’s nomination well before the Republican National Convention in July. Veteran campaign tactician Paul Manafort was chosen by Trump on Thursday to oversee a fractious nomination process that many Republicans expect may not yield a clear winner before the convention. Manafort said on CNN’s “New Day” program that rival Ted Cruz, the U.S. senator from Texas, will not be able to dent Trump’s delegate lead before California’s June 7 primary. “The reality is: Ted Cruz has seen his best day,” Manafort said. “The reality is: this convention process will be over with sometime in June, probably June 7, and it’ll be apparent to the world that Trump is over that 1,237 number.” Trump has been uncharacteristically quiet on social media after his double-digit loss to Cruz in the Wisconsin primary on Tuesday, which followed a series of missteps on the campaign trail including his statement, later recanted, advocating punishment for women who have illegal abortions. In elevating Manafort, Trump said he would add more staff before the convention in an expansion of his campaign team beyond the close-knit group of advisers who have been at his side since he jumped into the presidential race last June. “People that I know that want to get involved and wanted to before but didn’t have a way in,” Manafort said.  The next presidential nominating contests before the Nov. 8 election include a number in East Coast states seen as more fertile ground for the real estate tycoon, including in his native New York on April 19. Manafort cited Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Connecticut and Maryland as states where Trump would do well. “By the time we get to California the momentum is going be very clear and Ted Cruz’ path to victory is going to be in shambles,” he said. Cruz, appearing on the CNN program earlier, said he had a clear path to 1,237 delegates. “It’s difficult. We’ve got to win and we’ve got to win consistently,” Cruz said. “He’s right. He has to win,” Manafort said. ",1
10018,U.S. leaders must still 'distrust' Iran: Clinton,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said in a speech to a pro-Israel lobby group in Washington on Monday Iran still posed a threat to Israel and needed to be closely watched. Speaking to the annual policy conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, Clinton, the Democratic front-runner, also criticized her Republican rival Donald Trump for having a “neutral” stance on Israel.  She said U.S. leaders needed to show loyalty to its Mideast ally and “anyone who doesn’t understand that has no business being our president.” ",1
10019,"In record year for political ads, media buyers see tight market ","(Reuters) - Media buyers expect record political ad spending driven by the U.S. presidential race will create a tight market for advertisers and drive up rates. Super PACs, which rose to prominence after a landmark U.S. Supreme Court campaign finance decision in 2010, are preparing to buy national ads and to spend more once the nominees for each party are chosen at the political conventions in July, media buyers who work with these groups told Reuters. “The campaigns are more sophisticated and are raising more money than ever before,” said Kyle Roberts, president and chief executive of Smart Media Group, an Alexandria, VA-based media buyer that works with Republican candidates. “It is much easier today for outside groups to raise money to influence national elections.”  The bulk of political ad spending typically is in local markets. But networks are already seeing more national ad buys by the Super PACs, a shift that could benefit television networks. The election also has brought a ratings boon to television, which had been losing audience to Internet streaming. Fox News Channel said Wednesday it was No. 1 among basic cable networks last quarter for the first time.. CNN had the best quarter in seven years.  “We have seen a little bit of the Super PAC money come in,” said Katrina Cukaj executive vice president of portfolio sales and client partnerships at Turner ad sales, part of Time Warner Inc (TWX.N), which owns CNN. “We haven’t seen the full force of it yet. That will come when we know who the candidates are.”  The frenzy in political ad spending is expected to reshape  advertiser behavior. Media buyers predict the presidential election will result in an increase in spending at this year’s so-called upfronts, where the networks present their fall line-ups and woo big advertisers with swanky parties and celebrity appearances. Upfronts run through May. “The Super PACs are not afraid to spend hundreds of millions of dollars in just a few local stations, so it wouldn’t surprise me if the national election is going to have a real impact on the upfronts,” said Barry Lowenthal, president of The Media Kitchen, a New York-based media buyer. Lowenthal expects pricing for advertising to go up as a result of the Super PAC spending.  More advertisers are expected to lock in ad spots for the fourth quarter, rather than face price increases later or risk getting shut out of the market. Media buyers say they expect up to a 5 percent increase in spending for this year’s upfronts – the first increase in two years. That could mean a jump in spending of up to $8.9 billion for prime time spots alone, based on data from Media Dynamics. Presidential ad spending for cable and broadcast television and radio in 2016 has already surpassed the $300 million mark, up more than 200 percent from the same period in the 2012 election cycle, according to data from Smart Media Group.  “This is going to be a very good year for us,” said CBS Chair and CEO Les Moonves at an investment conference in February. “It’s a terrible thing to say, but bring it on Donald. Keep going,” Moonves said, referring to the Republican GOP frontrunner, Donald Trump. ",1
