id,title,text,label
16533,"Philippines, Russia sign two military deals","MANILA (Reuters) - Thousands of assault rifles and helmets were among the military gear Russia donated to the Philippines in a bid to widen its arms market in Southeast Asia at a time when Manila is seeking to diversify weapons systems, officials said on Wednesday. Manila received about 5,000 Kalashnikov rifles, 5,000 steel helmets, about a million rounds of ammunition for the rifles and 20 army trucks in a ceremony attended by President Rodrigo Duterte, who also toured one of five visiting Russian warships. The gift came a day after Russia and the Philippines signed two military pacts, including a sales contract with Rosoboronexport, a state-owned vendor of Russian defense equipment.    We are looking at acquiring some equipment for humanitarian assistance and disaster relief operations, but there are no specifics yet,  Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana told Reuters.  We are still discussing.  Lorenzana said the Rosoboronexport contract was not a sales deal but signaled the Philippines  intention to acquire small arms, vehicles and special equipment for disaster operations. But the Philippines  biggest source of arms, the United States, was not worried at the prospect of equipment donated by its rivals China and Russia.  I don t attach very much significance to it, some trucks or guns being dropped off to a country that s fighting terrorists right now,  U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told reporters on the plane to Bangkok.  It s a sovereign decision by the Philippines,  he added.  So it s not a big issue...other nations are coming to their help.  The United States and China dominate regional arms trade.  Since 2000, the United States has donated close to $1 billion worth of military equipment to the Philippines, ranging from surveillance planes, drones and boats to small arms.  China, which promised to donate a third shipment of small arms after a meeting on Wednesday between Lorenzana and his Chinese counterpart, General Chang Wanquan, has already given the Philippines about $7 million in small arms.   The deals with the Philippines will allow Russia to expand its arms market in the region, said another senior Philippine official, who declined to be named because he was not authorized to speak to media.  The Philippines is now open to buying Russian arms as Manila cultivates closer ties with Moscow, he added, particularly as the military looks to diversify its equipment, reining in costs while maintaining quality.  Moscow has been offering to sell arms to us since the mid-1990s and they are willing to barter guns for bananas,  he said, adding that Russia was selling fighters, helicopters and submarines to the Philippines. ",1
16534,Former Turkish minister launches party to challenge Erdogan,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A prominent Turkish nationalist politician and former minister announced on Wednesday she was forming a new party which could pose a significant challenge to President Tayyip Erdogan in elections due within two years. Former interior minister Meral Aksener, who unsuccessfully opposed Erdogan s drive for greater presidential powers in a referendum last April, said Turkey needed change after nearly 15 years of rule by his AK Party. Her Iyi Parti (Good Party) is seen by many in Turkey as potentially one of the strongest challengers to Erdogan in presidential and parliamentary elections scheduled for 2019, but it starts out with only a fraction of the AK Party s support. Just five members of the 550-seat parliament have joined the new party, although pollsters say it could win over supporters of several parties including the conservative and Islamic-rooted AK Party as well as secular or nationalist groups.  Turkey and its people are tired, the state is worn down, and public order is unraveling. There is no way other than the changing of the political atmosphere,  Aksener said at a ceremony in Ankara to mark the launch of her party.  We are that way out, you are that way out. That road is the 80 million strong Turkish nation  she said, standing in front of the logo of her party - a yellow sun shining in a blue sky.  Our people are clearly saying they want ... a new government.  Aksener was expelled last year from the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP), the smallest of three opposition parties in parliament, after launching a failed bid to unseat party leader Devlet Bahceli, whose support helped Erdogan to a narrow victory in a referendum that expanded his authority. Since her expulsion, the 61-year old Aksener has become one of the most prominent voices in the country, frequently criticizing Erdogan and the government. The Iyi Party could take more than a tenth of the AK Party support, which stands at over 40 percent, said Hakan Bayrakci of SONAR pollsters. It could also erode the support base of nationalist MHP and the secularist CHP parties, he said.   Meral Aksener s party will lead to big changes in Turkey s political atmosphere,  Bayrakci told Reuters.  This may not be immediate, but in three to five months, I believe this shift will be visible.  Erdogan s AK Party won just under 50 percent of votes in the last parliamentary election, in November 2015, and he has told supporters it is aiming for more than half the votes in 2019. Mehmet Ali Kulat from polling company Mak Danismanlik, which is seen as close to the AK Party, said the Iyi Party currently had the support of around 5 percent of voters.   It looks like Aksener s party can get votes from angry voters,  Kulat said.  Their real strength will come out in the long term.  Aksener said many members of her party wanted her to stand as its presidential candidate in the 2019 election, and criticized what she described as an erosion of rights in Turkey.  Democracy is under threat and the government s justice is above all else. It is evident that society is at a political standstill,  Aksener said. Since a failed military coup last year, in which more than 240 people were killed, Turkish authorities have detained more than 50,000 people and suspended 150,000 people including teachers, soldiers, journalists and lawyers. Aksener said her party aimed to raise the average length of education in Turkey from seven years to 11 years, and promised to bring Turkey into the world s top 20 countries for education. It currently lies around 50th in the Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA). In previous weeks, several members from the MHP and the secular main opposition Republican People s Party (CHP) have quit their parties to join Aksener, who has said her party s doors were open to anyone  willing to walk with their cause .  We have hopes and dreams. We want a rich Turkey, we have power. We want a just Turkey and we have that power. We want a free Turkey and we have our rights,  she said. ",1
16535,Ukraine to ramp up health spending after anti-corruption push,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine plans a 12 percent increase in health spending next year to exploit reforms passed last week to raise standards and crack down on corruption in hospitals and surgeries, government ministers told Reuters. Ukrainians die earlier than most Europeans and patients often bribe doctors for treatment or medicine. Kiev s Western backers see healthcare reforms as a test for Ukraine s push for closer ties to the European Union, away from Russia. New legislation will create a national insurance system that pays doctors by the number of patients they have. Hospitals will be paid for services through the new system, rather than receiving lump sums from regional administrations as is now.   It also allows patients to choose their doctor for the first time, rather than being tied to the doctor where their residence is registered, a move the government says will encourage medics to improve and gives them less scope to demand backhanders. Health Minister Ulana Suprun said that patients  mindsets will also need to change.   People in Ukraine think that paying the doctor cash, under the table, is somehow a  thank you  for the services that are supposed to be provided to them at no cost,  she said in an interview.  There needs to be a big cultural change as well, so that we teach people that they re not supposed to do that.   She cited a survey by the national anti-corruption bureau which found 65 percent of Ukrainians had come across corruption in the past year, of which 68 percent was in healthcare.  And Finance Minister Oleksandr Danylyuk told Reuters in an email Ukraine will hike health spending by 12 percent to 114 billion hryvnia ($4.28 billion) in 2018, and is ready for a further increase later because the reform is a government priority. Ukraine has emerged from a steep recession caused by the annexation of Crimea and the outbreak of a Russian-backed separatist insurgency in 2014.  But the economy is still propped up by a $17.5 billion aid program from the International Monetary Fund that is conditional on reforms and progress in tackling corruption. With no end in sight to the conflict in the Donbass, defense spending accounts for at least 5 percent of GDP.  The ministry of finance is one of our biggest supporters,  Suprun said of the planned rise in spending.   They re big supporters of what we re doing because they re finally going to be able to follow the money all the way down to a patient. Whereas now we hand money out to hospitals and we don t really know what is done with it at that point.   A U.S.-born doctor, Suprun moved to Ukraine in the early days of the Maidan demonstrations in November 2013, and wound up treating the gunshot wounds of protesters in the final days of pro-Kremlin leader Viktor Yanukovich s rule.   The reforms went through 893 amendments while Suprun says she was targeted by a smear campaign, including by some who  questioned whether she had faked her diploma.  The new legislation is just the first step, she says,  because reform never is easy. People don t want to change. They re used to the system that there is, and there s a lot of people making a lot of money off of this.   Healthcare professionals told Reuters they welcomed the reforms.  Oleksandr Ivanko, chief doctor at the Kiev Municipal Clinical Hospital, hoped doctors  salaries would improve  because you cannot motivate them and demand anything while paying a minimum or even humiliating salary.   ",1
16536,Turkey's Erdogan says ready to support Iraq reopening oil pipeline,"ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan said on Wednesday Turkey was ready to give all support to Baghdad as it seeks to reopen a crude oil pipeline from the Kirkuk oilfields to Turkey, through which Iraq stopped sending oil in 2014. In a statement to media after meeting Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, Erdogan said they discussed what political, military and economic steps they could take after what he called the  illegitimate  Iraqi Kurdish referendum last month. ",1
16537,"Troops and strays, the only signs of life in ruined Marawi","MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - With vehicles crushed and overturned and buildings reduced to skeletons of mangled steel and rubble, the Philippine city of Marawi resembles the aftermath of a war that lasted years, rather than months. Except for small clusters of troops dotted amid the ruins and skinny cats and dogs scavenging for food, the heart of Marawi is a ghost town, all but destroyed by the Philippines  biggest and fiercest urban battle in recent history. Hundreds of rebels claiming allegiance to Islamic State seized large areas of the city of 200,000 people in May and clung on through unrelenting government air strikes and artillery bombardments, right until the last remaining gunmen were killed three days ago. The military escorted media on Wednesday through the ravaged streets of the once picturesque lakeside town, showing for the first time the front lines of a devastating conflict that has stoked fears of Islamic State s extremist agenda taking root in the region. The scale of the damage was stark as a convoy of vans carrying reporters and cameramen followed an army truck through one district after another, stopping off at key intersections  recently cleared of unexploded munitions and booby traps.  Wide boulevards in the city were lined by crumbling homes and shop fronts missing higher floors, with fragments of chairs, children s toys and household appliances wedged into piles of crumbled concrete. Tattered pieces of clothing poking above banks of rubble provided the only color in the mass of gutted grey buildings blackened by smoke. Vans, pickup trucks and cars were turned over, coated in rust or torn apart by bomb blasts. The militants  planning, stockpiling of weapons and their combat capability stunned government forces, who had to fight street by street to take back the city and were often pinned down by snipers and homemade bombs.  At first our forces cannot press them, they moved from one building to the next. Our concept was to restrict them - it took time, but we constricted them,  said Lieutenant Colonel Sam Yunque, a special forces commander deployed in Marawi since the beginning of the conflict.  We innovated to suppress their techniques. They were not better than us, that s why they lost.  The Philippines announced the end of combat operations in Marawi City on Monday after troops killed 42 remaining militants, including some foreign fighters. More than 1,100 people, including 165 troops and 45 civilians, died in the conflict. The government has said the rest were militants. Senior officers said they took pains to protect the multitude of mosques in what is the only designated Islamic City in the mainly Catholic Philippines. Although many escaped the pounding of daily air strikes, domes and walls were peppered with holes from heavy machine gun fire as troops sought to flush out rebels hiding within. Earlier on Wednesday, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis praised Filipino soldiers for defeating the militants without attracting allegations of human rights violations. The United States provided critical tactical intelligence in the Marawi combat operation, deploying surveillance planes and drones, thermal imaging and eavesdropping equipment. The walls were blasted away at Marawi s police headquarters where the armory was looted, and in the adjacent jail where more than 100 prisoners were freed. Close by, a mosque minaret had fallen into a mash of metal and rock. Behind it was a lone, leafless tree with only a few branches left. The militants smashed through thick layers of concrete to turn drainage channels into trenches, doubling as tunnels for fighters to move between buildings and elude surveillance drones and army snipers. Rebel-held buildings were covered with graffiti, including one of an arrow through a heart, with the message  I love ISIS , an acronym for Islamic State. But there was no love for the rebel alliance among the hundreds of jubilant soldiers at send-off ceremonies held this week as troops gradually return home. Colonel Corleto Vinluan, the commander of joint special operations, described the enemy as  rats . He said the military had gained valuable experience in urban combat and chose a strategy that took time, but ultimately paid off.   We couldn t just enter the area, it was very big, we did not know where the leaders were, we had to surround them and the area became smaller. It was that time when we really took control,  Vinluan told Reuters.  We didn t expect they ll last that long, their ammunition their firearms and their food. We learned a lot from this event, we adjusted our strategies.  They were tough fighters, some of them, but not all.   ",1
16538,China unveils new leadership line-up with no clear successor to Xi,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party broke with recent precedent on Wednesday, unveiling a new leadership line-up without a clear successor to President Xi Jinping, who has become arguably the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao Zedong. Xi led his team in order of rank on to a stage at Beijing s Great Hall of the People, overlooking Tiananmen Square, culminating a week-long party conclave at which he laid out his  vision for an increasingly prosperous China confident of its place on the world stage.  Apart from Xi, Premier Li Keqiang was the only one to retain his spot amid sweeping changes on the Politburo Standing Committee. There has been persistent speculation Xi could seek to stay on in some capacity beyond the end of his customary second five years in power, which began on Wednesday. All seven Standing Committee members are men in their 60s and, for the first time, none was born before China s 1949 Communist revolution. The make-up of the committee, which has ultimate control over the world s second-largest economy, appeared to be a compromise to include a blend of Xi allies and those considered loyal to party elders, including Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao, former presidents whose networks still wield influence. Cheng Li, an expert on Chinese politics at the Brookings Institution, said Xi appeared to have traded securing favorable amendments to the constitution in exchange for a compromise on the make-up of the Standing Committee, a line-up he likened to a  team of rivals . The member considered closest to Xi is Li Zhanshu, who has often accompanied Xi on overseas trips in a chief-of-staff-style role as the head the party s General Office.  Li, who is not related to the premier, was named the third-ranked member, meaning he will most likely assume the role of head of the largely rubber-stamp parliament. That will not be confirmed until parliament meets in March. Xi had already strengthened his hand considerably ahead of the announcement, with his political theory and  Belt and Road  infrastructure-led development strategy put into the party constitution. He was named the party s  core  last year. Guangdong party secretary Hu Chunhua and Chongqing party boss Chen Miner had been previously seen as prominent contenders to succeed Xi among the party s so-called sixth generation of leaders but were not included in the Standing Committee. Instead, both were named to the wider 25-member Politburo, a rung below the Standing Committee.  He s consolidated his power without making unnecessary problems for himself,  said David Zweig, a professor at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.   The costs of keeping Wang Qishan or getting Chen Miner were too high. He didn t need to do it.  Wang, who led Xi s sweeping anti-graft campaign and was considered China s second most-powerful politician, is above retirement age; Chen was comparatively junior.  While the Standing Committee bears the hallmarks of compromise, the new Politburo is stacked with more than a dozen Xi allies, including Chen, Beijing party boss Cai Qi, economic adviser Liu He and Ding Xuexiang, who is expected to become Xi s chief of staff as director of the party s General Office.  Xi has managed to put a lot of his own people there, as much as possible,  said Bo Zhiyue, a New Zealand-based expert on Chinese politics.  Most of Xi s close associates are too junior to be put into the Politburo Standing Committee right away.  Blanket state media coverage made no mention of factional politics or alliances, while an editorial on the official People s Daily s WeChat account hailed the new seven-man line-up as a  dream team  to lead China into its  new era . Xi, who has sought to revitalize the Communist Party s role across Chinese society, made no mention of who his successor might be as he introduced his new Standing Committee at a media event broadcast live around the country. His remarks were translated consecutively into English. Xi did not take questions, but said the party had weathered trials and tribulations.  We will also work with other nations to build a global community with a shared future, and make new and greater contributions to the noble cause of peace and development for all humanity,  he said.  Xi and Li were first promoted to the Standing Committee at the 17th Party Congress in 2007, in a clear signal that the pair would succeed Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao and occupy the top two  offices - which they did five years later.  Zhao Leji, who headed the party s Organisation Department, which oversees personnel decisions, replaced Wang Qishan as chief of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ",1
16539,China's new Politburo Standing Committee lineup,"(Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party on Wednesday unveiled its core decision-making body, the Politburo Standing Committee, headed by President Xi Jinping. Here is the list of the new committee, all men, by order of seniority: - Xi Jinping, 64, is widely seen as China s most powerful leader since Chairman Mao Zedong. He was once viewed as a drab  princeling  child of the elite. But since soaring to power in 2012, Xi has centralized authority under his own leadership with a signature anti-graft battle. His political theory -  Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era  - was written into the Party constitution on Tuesday.  - Li Keqiang, 62, as premier has overseen China s economy for the last five years. Li s policies have sought to spur entrepreneurship and innovation, but he has been increasingly overshadowed by Xi, who has thrown his weight behind reforms to make state sector firms  stronger, better and bigger  and to manage financial stability.  - Li Zhanshu, 67, heads the party s General Office. He worked his way up from Hebei province, which surrounds Beijing, and graduated from Hebei Normal University. A former governor of the northeastern province of Heilongjiang and one-time party boss of the southwestern province of Guizhou, Li Zhanshu is considered one of Xi s closest advisors and often accompanies him on overseas trips. Their friendship dates back to their days working together in Hebei in the 1980s. - Wang Yang, 62, is a vice premier with an economic portfolio and a former party chief of Guangdong province, an export powerhouse, where he served from 2007-2012. Born into a poor rural family in eastern Anhui province, Wang went to work in a factory at age 17 to support his family after his father died. Concerned about the impact of three decades of rapid development, he lobbied for social and political reform. However, he backed down after drawing criticism from party conservatives.     - Wang Huning, 62 this month, was a top policy researcher for the party under former presidents Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao, a position he has kept under Xi as head of the Central Policy Research Office. Wang coined the  Three Represents  and  Scientific Outlook of Development  - respectively Jiang and Hu s contributions to party thought, as well as the  Chinese Dream , Xi s own vision. Wang was formerly an academic at Shanghai s Fudan University, specializing first in international relations and then law. He is also considered one of Xi s closest advisors. - Zhao Leji, 60, was also named the Chinese Communist Party s new anti-corruption chief on Wednesday. He was named vice governor of the northwestern province of Qinghai in 1994 at age 37. Zhao spent 29 years in Qinghai before being picked by Xi to serve as party boss of Shaanxi province, in the northwest, in 2007. Both Zhao and Xi are natives of Shaanxi. Zhao heads the powerful organization department, which oversees personnel decisions, and is a Politburo member. He has a degree in philosophy from Peking University.  - Han Zheng, 63, is party chief of Shanghai, China s financial hub, where he has spent his entire career. Han was briefly promoted from Shanghai mayor after the then-party boss was sacked amid a corruption scandal in 2006. He resumed his mayoral role as Xi Jinping and then Yu Zhengsheng - currently the party s fourth-ranked leader - became party chief. Han became Shanghai party boss in 2012.    (This version of the story has been refiled to fix spelling of Politburo in headline) ",1
16540,Philippines' Duterte says he's been 'demonized' over drugs war,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Wednesday defended his bloody war on drugs, telling Southeast Asian lawyers he had been  demonized  and denying allegations of state-sponsored killings of drug dealers and users. Duterte s crackdown has caused international alarm, and domestic polls have shown growing scepticism about the 16-month old campaign that has killed thousands of mostly urban, poor Filipinos. His government s human rights record has been strongly criticized by Western countries, and is one of the issues U.S. President Donald Trump plans to raise on a visit to Manila next month to attend a regional summit.    I know that I have been demonized,  Duterte said, invoking God and his oath as a lawyer as he offered his assurance.  The extra judicial tag that has been placed on me is simply not true.  He was speaking to members of the ASEAN Law Association, attending a commemorative session in Manila, the host of this year s activities of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations grouping. Duterte spoke for more than an hour after delivering a prepared speech, as he defended the campaign and explained why many of those killed were from among the poor.     He used United Nations pamphlets to describe how different types of illegal drugs, including the highly addictive methamphetamine, or  shabu , could trigger aggressive behavior among users.  I do not deny that there were people killed in that campaign,  he added.  But why were they killed? Because a  shabu  user, a lieutenant of the  shabu  syndicate, always has a gun and this was my experience when I was mayor. They always fight it out.  During his 22 years as mayor of the southern city of Davao, Duterte estimated 600 drug suspects had been killed in police encounters. His anti-narcotics crackdown has come under unprecedented scrutiny following the high-profile Aug. 16 killing of a 17-year-old student, among the 90 people killed in less than a week of intensified police raids. A recent poll showed fewer Filipinos believe the official stance of the Philippine National Police that those killed in anti-drugs operations had refused to go quietly.  When I say,  I will kill you if you destroy my country,  and  I will kill you if you destroy the young of my country,  I am asking everybody to find me a fault in those two statements,  Duterte told the audience.  ",1
16541,"In Myanmar's Rakhine, aid workers blocked from entering Muslim camp amid tension","YANGON/SITTWE (Reuters) - Buddhists in Myanmar on Wednesday blocked aid workers from visiting a camp for displaced Muslims in the central part of Rakhine State, where the United Nations fears the spread of violence that has already displaced hundreds of thousands. More than 600,000 of Myanmar s largely stateless Rohingya minority have crossed to Bangladesh since Aug. 25 attacks by Rohingya militants sparked a military crackdown beset by allegations of killings, rape and arson by security forces. The U.N. has called the army operation  ethnic cleansing . Myanmar has denied the majority of allegations and said it will accept the return of those who can prove they are residents.  A regional administrator and an activist told Reuters a group of about 10 Myanmar nationals working for U.S.- and Britain- based charity Relief International (R.I.) was forced to turn back when residents of the mostly Buddhist ethnic Rakhine community staged a protest in the town of Myebon. Reuters reported this month that activists among the town s Buddhist majority had stepped up efforts to segregate Buddhists and Muslims, instructing Rakhines not to trade with Muslims, for fear of militancy. Deliveries of food aid to Myebon s Muslims have been delayed and only allowed in after inspections by Buddhist community representatives.  The R.I. group were trying to go to the camp and the locals blocked the way,  said Tin Shwe, the town s administrator, adding that the aid workers returned to their office after Wednesday s incident. Samir Maleh, country director for Relief International in Myanmar, declined to comment on the incident. Leaders of the Rakhine Buddhist community have long bristled at international agencies and NGOs whom they accuse of favoring the Rohingya with their support. Aid workers and U.N. staff have told Reuters they fear enforced segregation may trigger further displacement in Rakhine, either through fresh violence or as Muslims flee on boats to Malaysia and Thailand, fuelling a new stage of crisis in the Bay of Bengal. Wednesday s incident was the latest example of the numerous obstacles that humanitarian organizations face in Rakhine State, said Pierre Peron, a spokesman for the United Nations  Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA).    Of course we respect that any group should be able to exercise their rights of freedom of speech and peaceful assembly, but the simple fact here is that life-saving aid is being blocked from reaching vulnerable people who desperately need it, including children and the elderly.  About 3,000 Muslims - including Rohingya and those accepted as Myanmar citizens - have been confined to a camp for displaced people in Myebon since communal violence swept Rakhine in 2012. Photos posted on social media site Facebook on Wednesday showed about two dozen women sitting down to block a small street, with a smaller group of men standing behind. Khin Thein, a leader of a regional branch of the Arakan Women s Network, said her group joined the protest after authorities told the community the NGO would provide education about gender-based violence, hygiene and sanitation to Muslims.  They have food, they have shelter to live,  she told Reuters.  We can t accept these kinds of excess things for them. We will not allow them to pass through our township. We already protested several times in the past. We have suspicions about them. We don t trust foreigners, international people.  ",1
16542,A poet in the dock as Israel hunts 'lone wolf' assailants online,"REINEH, Israel (Reuters) - A week after Dareen Tatour posted a poem on Facebook entitled  Resist, my people, resist,  Israeli police came to her home in the middle of the night and arrested her.  The Arab-Israeli poet will hear next Monday whether she will be jailed on charges of incitement to violence and supporting a terrorist group. The average sentence in similar cases is nine months, though the maximum term she could face is five years. Israeli prosecutors say Tatour, 35, issued a call to violence by reading her poem as a soundtrack to a video she posted on Facebook and YouTube, showing masked Palestinian youths throwing stones and fire-bombs at Israeli soldiers. Posted as a wave of Palestinian street attacks began in the region, it reads:  Resist, my people, resist them /Resist the settlers  robbery/ And follow the caravan of martyrs.     They didn t understand my poem,  Tatour told Reuters in an interview at her home in Reineh in northern Israel, where she is under house arrest.  There is no call for violence. There is a struggle, they cast it as violent.   The point of the poem was to say  enough . A person feels for their people. I am of the Palestinian people. I live this struggle and I spoke it through the poem,  she said.     Tatour s case has become a cause celebrate for freedom of speech advocates. It has also drawn attention to advanced technology used by Israeli security agencies to trawl through social media to identify and arrest users suspected of incitement to violence or planning attacks.  Critics say the practise is flawed because people have been detained purely on the basis that they may commit a crime, without having done so. Israel rejects the criticism, saying security concerns are paramount. Some Western intelligences agencies use similar predictive policing methods to identify individuals of interest but experts say Israel seems unique in using them as a basis for detention. Since October 2015, 51 Israelis have been killed in Palestinian stabbing, shootings and car-rammings. Palestinian leaders say the assailants are reacting to Israel s occupation of territories Palestinians want for a state.  Some 270 Palestinians have also been killed in the past two years. Israel says at least 180 of those were killed carrying out attacks, nearly all  lone wolf  assailants, while others were killed in clashes.     Online incitement is the fuel igniting the terrorists in this wave of violence,  Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked told a Tel Aviv University cyber conference in June.  Israeli prosecutors say Tatour is also implicated by other posts than the poem that appeared on Oct. 3, 2015.   The attempt to present her as an artist, a poet, who merely wrote something innocent distorts the truth,  a Justice Ministry official said.   An expert on Arabic translation told her trial that  Martyr  to an Israeli means a terrorist. To a Palestinian it means victim   any Palestinian killed in the conflict with Israel, as a bystander or assailant. Indictments for online incitement   most of those charged are young Palestinians   have tripled in Israel since 2014, the Justice Ministry says.  In the occupied West Bank, prosecutions by Israel s military have also increased, according to a report by the Military Advocate General. A report in Israel s Haaretz newspaper said there were 170 indictments in 2016.   A senior officer in the Israeli military said arrests for incitement require judicial approval, as they do inside Israel.  Many lone assailants post farewell messages before setting off. To  intercept  them, and prevent attacks, Israeli security forces comb through social networks using big data analytics   sophisticated software that analyses vast volumes of data.   Algorithms are used so that certain words, such as  martyr , raise a red flag, as do names of anyone who has launched an attack, a security source said.     Shin Bet intelligence agency chief Nadav Argaman says 2,000 potential  lone wolves  have been stopped by using advanced technology since 2016. A Shin Bet source said some potential attackers were arrested and prosecuted, and others just warned. Some suspects, the source said, were placed in administrative detention, under which Israel holds Palestinians without trial. Israel says that is necessary to prevent violence in cases where there is insufficient evidence to prosecute. Asked about Israel s policy, Facebook said public posts can be read by anyone, including law enforcement and intelligence agency officers. Google, which owns YouTube, declined comment. Others accused of online incitement include 16-year-old Tamara Abu-Laban was detained in East Jerusalem in July. Her father Moammar said she had shared a video online showing an elderly man arguing with Israeli security forces and, in a reference to the mosque that is Islam s third holiest shrine, saying:  Kill me, I want to die for al-Aqsa . She has not been charged but was held for two days and barred from using Facebook for 180 days. Her father said the Shin Bet called him in to say they were keeping an eye on her.  They are convinced she is going to do something. They told me to be careful. I tried to tell them it s just Facebook - she s just looking for  Likes ,  he said. Police did not comment on her case because she is a minor.  ",1
16543,Venezuelan opposition disarray heaps pain on protesters,"CARACAS/SAN CRISTOBAL, Venezuela (Reuters) - With some nursing wounds, others jailed and many heading abroad, Venezuela s young opposition supporters are demoralized by the ruling socialists  shock election win this month, after prolonged protests failed to oust President Nicolas Maduro. Having for months led rallies and battles against Maduro s security forces in which scores died, youth demonstrators reluctantly abandoned the streets as the opposition turned its attention to the Oct. 15 gubernatorial vote. Though the opposition looked set to win comfortably due to public anger over food and medicine shortages, plus soaring inflation, the government took 18 of 23 governorships.     That left thousands of young protesters furious and disillusioned with opposition leadership. Many had vigorously opposed participating in the election because it would legitimize what they see as a dictatorship.   We have been betrayed,  said graphic designer Manuel Melo, 21, who lost a kidney when hit by a water cannon jet.  The political opposition does not represent us,  he added, in his small bedroom in a poor neighborhood of the teeming capital Caracas. A stylized picture of a heart emblazoned one wall of the room, while a gas mask, used to protect him from tear gas during the unrest, adorned the other. Melo and many others now see the protests, which left 125 people dead and thousands wounded or in jail, as a waste of time.  They have little stomach to return to the fight and view the leaders of the opposition Democratic Unity (MUD) coalition as traitors for abandoning the streets in favor of a ballot they believe was rigged by the pro-Maduro election board. Their disillusionment heightened this week when four of the five winning opposition governors with the Democratic Action party broke ranks with the coalition to swear themselves in before an all-powerful legislative superbody that Maduro s foes had vowed never to recognize. That set off a round of unseemly in-fighting and recriminations within the opposition, with heavyweight leader Henrique Capriles saying he would abandon the coalition while Democratic Action leader Henry Ramos remained a member.  I m totally dejected because after all these protests, the election, nothing has changed,  said student Javier Lara, 18, who watched a fellow protester die in unrest in the volatile city of San Cristobal on the border with Colombia. Like many young Venezuelans, Lara now plans to head abroad as soon as possible - to Peru in his case.  We ve been sold out by the opposition,  he said.   The Democratic Unity coalition finds itself in crisis.  Its strategy of contesting the gubernatorial elections backfired spectacularly. In the wake of defeat, stunned opposition leaders could not even agree whether to pursue fraud allegations, with some refusing to accept the election results and others publicly admitting defeat.  A breakup, or reformulation of the coalition, now looks inevitable, with a new strategy and possibly fresh blood needed for the 2018 presidential election.  Though polls routinely showed the opposition had majority support, many Venezuelans view their leaders as an elitist group out-of-touch with their problems.  The MUD is all over the place,  said Antonio Ledezma, a veteran politician and former opposition mayor who is under house arrest.  The international community deserves an explanation of our behavior.  Some young opposition supporters are seeking inspiration away from traditional leaders. They voice admiration for Lorenzo Mendoza, a billionaire businessman who has shied away from politics, and Juan Carlos Caguaripano, a former National Guard captain who led an August attack on a military base. Heaping humiliation on the opposition, Maduro says daily in speeches that  peace  has won and a U.S.-backed plot to oust him has been defeated.  To stoke his foes  disarray, Maduro has urged Democratic Action leader Ramos - a hate figure for some younger opposition supporters - to stand in the next presidential vote.   Get ready for 2018, I m waiting for you!  Maduro said this week, exulting in the opposition s  chaos ,  back-stabbing  and  divisionism . ",1
16544,UK parliament vote on Brexit deal may come after Britain leaves: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s parliament may not vote on the final terms of the country s withdrawal agreement with the European Union until after the country has formally left the bloc in March 2019, Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday.  It could be, yeah. It depends when it concludes ... it can t come before we have the deal,  Davis told a parliamentary committee in response to a question from a lawmaker on whether if a deal was struck at the last minute before the exit took place, the parliamentary vote may not occur until after exit.  He repeated the government s promise that the British parliament would get to vote before the European parliament. ",1
16545,UK PM May confident parliament will have vote on final Brexit deal,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she expects parliament will have a vote on the final Brexit deal before the country has formally left the bloc.  We will be able to achieve that agreement and negotiation in time for this parliament to have the vote,  she told parliament.   ",1
16546,Israel approves 176 new settler homes in East Jerusalem,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli authorities approved on Wednesday a major expansion of a Jewish settler enclave in the heart of a Palestinian neighborhood of East Jerusalem, issuing building permits  for 176 new housing units. The construction, which a Jerusalem municipal spokeswoman said was approved by the city s planning committee, was swiftly condemned by the Palestinians as a violation of international law. Construction of the new units will nearly triple the number of settler homes in the Nof Zion settlement, which currently has 91 dwellings and is surrounded by Palestinian houses in the Jabel al-Mukaber neighborhood. The area is located in territory that Israel captured and annexed in a 1967 Middle East war and which Palestinians seek as part of a state they want to establish in the occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip, with East Jerusalem as its capital.  We are unifying Jerusalem through actions on the ground,  Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat said in a statement about the settlement s expansion. Israel s claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital has not won international recognition, and many countries regard the settlements it has built on occupied land as illegal and obstacles to any future land-for peace deal. Israel disputes this. Wasel Abu Yousif, a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization, called the construction plans in Jabel al-Mukaber  a challenge to all the calls by the international community  to halt settlement building. Last week, Israel announced approval for the construction of several hundred additional homes for settlers in the West Bank, drawing condemnation from Palestinians and the European Union. Israeli-Palestinian peace talks have not been held since 2014, with settlement building one of the issues that led to their collapse. Some 500,000 Israelis live in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, areas that are home to more than 2.6 million Palestinians. (This version of the story corrects the name of settlement, paragraph 3) ",1
16547,German coalition talks deal early blow to Macron on Europe,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German parties exploring a coalition government have dealt an early blow to French President Emmanuel Macron s hopes for more expansive fiscal policies from Berlin, backing a balanced budget and rejecting the idea of a separate pot of cash for the euro zone. The Greens, seen as closest to Macron on economic policy and Europe, appeared to have caved in to demands by Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Free Democrats (FDP) that a new government continue down a path of fiscal discipline. Merkel, whose conservatives placed first but lost seats in an election last month, is trying to forge a coalition with the pro-business FDP and the Greens, which requires bridging disagreements on taxes, immigration and foreign policy. In a joint paper agreed after late-night talks on Tuesday, the parties said they all supported a balanced budget. A senior Greens politician who participated in the talks also told Reuters that the parties were united in opposing Macron s idea for a euro zone budget.  None of the participating parties support a euro zone budget,  said Reinhard Buetikofer, a member of the European Parliament. The parties are expected to reconvene on Thursday to finalize a joint paper on Europe, after agreeing a rough blueprint for fiscal policy late on Tuesday. That blueprint included a pledge to respect  debt brake  legislation enshrined in the constitution since 2009, which forces the federal government to virtually eliminate structural budget deficits, limiting them to 0.35 percent of GDP. It also contained a commitment to provide relief to lower and middle income earners, dismantle the  solidarity tax  for poor eastern states and provide financial incentives to make German homes more energy efficient. Cem Ozdemir, a leader of the Greens who is seen as a possible foreign minister in the new government, highlighted a decision to re-examine plans to raise defence spending by the outgoing  grand coalition  of Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD), who are moving into opposition. Tax relief and investment needs would be finalised once more details on tax revenues become available next month, Ozdemir said, suggesting that the balanced budget commitment was not final. The Greens politician also said that a new coalition would have to provide a  pro-European  answer to proposals from Macron and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker for closer cooperation in fiscal matters, defence and migration.  There are a lot of differences to overcome. But I am hoping for a clear commitment to Europe,  said Ozdemir in a video posted on the Greens website. Buetikofer said the Greens supported the idea of boosting investment within the framework of the existing EU budget. But their rejection of Macron s idea for a separate budget for the euro zone at such an early stage of the coalition talks was seen by some members of the party as an unnecessary  cave in  to Merkel s conservatives and the FDP. Macron has called for the creation of a euro zone budget of several hundred billions of euros to help the single currency bloc cope with economic shocks. One FDP participant who requested anonymity suggested that the Greens may have given away too much in the talks on Tuesday night and expressed concern that the leadership of the party could be forced to change tack in the days ahead by angry grass roots members. Former Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, a Social Democrat who ruled with the Greens for seven years, accused the environmentalist party of  preparing Frau Merkel s bed  in a desperate attempt to re-enter government. Immigration could also be a contentious issue in the coalition talks as Merkel s conservatives row back on the open-door policy towards refugees that she adopted in 2015. This will also be on the agenda on Thursday. ",1
16548,Workers rights get Qatar nod as ILO poised decide on abuse probe,"DOHA (Reuters) - Qatar has signed 36 worker protection agreements with countries that provide much of its labour force, state media reported on Wednesday, weeks before the International Labour Organisation is to decide whether to investigate it for worker abuse.   Qatar is keen to show it is tackling allegations of worker exploitation as it prepares to host the 2022 soccer World Cup, which the Gulf Arab state has presented as a showcase of its progress and development. State news agency QNA did not provide details of the bilateral agreements, but said they are in addition to five memorandums of understanding, preparations for a minimum wage, and an employment support fund that would help workers faced with overdue wages. Labour and rights groups have attacked the gas-rich state for its  kafala  sponsorship system, which forces the country s 1.6 million mainly Asian foreign workers to seek their employer s consent to change jobs or leave the country - a measure groups say leaves workers open to exploitation. Qatar last year issued changes to this system, allowing workers who have completed contracts to change jobs freely and imposing fines on businesses who confiscate employees  passports, but rights groups have said the new measures do not go far enough. Qatar is expected to present a report by November on implementation of its reforms to the ILO, which will then decide whether to form a commission of inquiry, a rare sanction which the United Nations agency has imposed only about a dozen times since World War Two. ",1
16549,China's Xi taps low-profile official to take over war on  graft,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday tapped a low-profile official to lead his signature war on corruption, replacing the retiring Wang Qishan, whose sweeping anti-graft campaign had made him China s second most-powerful politician. Zhao Leji was appointed to the new seven-member Politburo Standing Committee and will take up Wang s role as head of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) from his position as head of the Communist Party s powerful Organisation Department, which is in charge of personnel. Zhao s appointment is likely to spur efforts to turn the fight against graft from a campaign into a structured feature of China s political system, analysts said. Xi s corruption fight has ensnared more than 1.3 million officials, and he said during the twice-a-decade party congress that wrapped up this week that the battle to take down both  tigers  and  flies  will continue, a reference to elite officials and ordinary bureaucrats.  Zhao s job appears to be less about taking down tigers and swatting flies but more about effectively institutionalizing the anti-corruption system and getting the CCDI mechanisms implemented at all levels,  said Damien Ma, associate director at the Paulson Institute, a U.S. think tank.  It s going to be challenging, but he does have everyone s files as former head of the Organisation Department.  Speaking to reporters after unveiling his seven-member Politburo Standing Committee, Xi said that the party s battle to rid itself of corruption, written into its constitution on Tuesday, is a  journey without an end .  There cannot be any virus in the party structure,  he said. Wang, sometimes called the Communist Party s  fireman  for his skill in resolving crises, has widely been credited with the success and vigor of the graft fight, which has been highly popular with the public while rattling the party elite. Wang, who was previously vice governor of the central bank and helped oversee China s recovery from the 2008 global financial crisis, built the once toothless and obscure CCDI into a feared watchdog that felled party heavyweights, including the former domestic security chief, Zhou Yongkang. The campaign has also taken down many of Xi s rivals and helped to tighten his grip on power. Zhao, at 60 the youngest member of the Standing Committee, has been steadily promoted through his career, which has included long stints in poor rural areas, giving him a comparatively low profile among Chinese leaders. Xi and Zhao have a  Shaanxi connection , according to Cheng Li, a U.S.-based expert on Chinese politics at the Brookings Institution. They are among a group of politicians with personal and political ties to northwest China s Shaanxi province, Xi s ancestral home, who have moved up the party ranks in recent years. Zhao spent much of his early career in the Shaanxi countryside, leaving him with a strong regional accent. INSTITUTIONALIZING ANTI-CORRUPTION Xi plans to overhaul China s anti-corruption architecture to create a powerful super-ministry, the National Supervision Commission, that will combine work by a number agencies, not including the CCDI, although the two will share offices and personnel. The commission will also have the power to investigate civil servants, even if they are not party members, and will be backed by law, giving legal authority to many of the measures currently used by the party to investigate officials. Xi also said last week that a secret party interrogation system, known as  shuanggui , would be replaced with new detention measures, although rights groups say that it is unclear whether suspects will have access to lawyers under the new system. Some experts have questioned how much power the new body will have without Wang at the helm. It is not clear who will head the new commission or exactly what its relationship will be with the CCDI.  ",1
16550,Cambodian opposition member pardoned at PM's request,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - A senator from Cambodia s main opposition party was pardoned on Wednesday from the seven-year jail sentence he had been given over a Facebook posting, in a conciliatory sign from Prime Minister Hun Sen towards his opponents. A crackdown on the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) has led to the arrest of party leader Kem Sokha on treason charges and a government push to have it dissolved completely. That has brought protests from Western donors. Senator Hong Sok Hour, 59, was sentenced last year over a fake official document he had posted on Facebook saying that Cambodia and Vietnam had decided to dissolve their border. It is a sensitive subject in Cambodia, where Hun Sen s opponents have long accused him of being a Vietnamese puppet since he was put in his post in 1985 when Vietnam occupied Cambodia after ousting the genocidal Khmer Rouge. Hong Sok Hour was pardoned by King Norodom Sihamoni at Hun Sen s request.  He wrote a letter of apology to Samdech Decho and asked him to write to the king to issue a pardon,  Phay Siphan told Reuters, using Hun Sen s official title.  He admitted his fault.  Hun Sen s critics accuse him of trying to turn the country into a one-party state for the ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP) and to ensure that he wins a general election next year without any effective challenge. The opposition welcomed the pardon.  This is a positive sign and each time there s a royal pardon, the political situation calms down,  said Mu Sochua, a deputy to Kem Sokha who fled into exile fearing that she was about to be arrested, too. However, Hun Sen reiterated on Wednesday that the CNRP would be dissolved and any elected officials who defected from the opposition to his party would be allowed to keep their positions. ",1
16551,"New Zealand protectionist Winston Peters appointed deputy PM, foreign minister","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Veteran protectionist politician Winston Peters was appointed New Zealand s new deputy prime minister and foreign minister on Wednesday, saying he would seek a greater voice in international affairs, including North Korea. Peters visited North Korea when he was foreign minister in a previous New Zealand government in 2005. New Zealand First party leader Peters delivered government to the Labour party through a coalition deal after a closely fought election on Sept. 23 failed to result in a majority for the governing National or Labour parties. Peters and Labour Prime Minister-designate Jacinda Ardern have found common ground in  fortress New Zealand -type  policies. Both are looking to curb immigration, renegotiate certain trade deals and adjust the role of the central bank. Ardern also wants to ban overseas buyers from purchasing existing homes as prices grow more unaffordable for local residents. A bill to ban such purchases will be introduced by Christmas, Ardern told a workers  conference on Wednesday. But trade and foreign ownership restrictions could hurt New Zealand s reputation as an open economy and antagonize the likes of China. Trade between the two countries has grown to more than NZ$20 billion ($14.4 billion) a year, and Chinese President Xi Jinping called the relationship  unprecedented  in its depth. While Peters was expected to be offered the deputy role after obtaining the balance of power, his appointment as both deputy prime minister and foreign minister was unexpected. Richard Shaw, politics professor at Massey University, said Peters was a  conservative economic nationalist .   One of the things we ve seen from him over the last couple of weeks is the concern with the extent that relatively unbridled free trade has on his constituents,  said Shaw. Many of Labour and New Zealand First s policies during the campaign drew on voters  concerns that immigration and foreign buyers of local homes were putting too much pressure on infrastructure and house prices. Peters said he wanted to forge stronger ties with Australia, after tensions have increased recently. Labour s finance spokesman Grant Robertson will become finance minister in the incoming government, placing him at the center of plans to overhaul monetary policy.  Robertson, a political adviser under former Labour Prime Minister Helen Clark, will appoint a new central bank governor. The Labour-led government plans to reform the Reserve Bank Act to possibly include employment, alongside inflation, as a dual target. Rather than just focusing on inflation, Labour wants the Reserve Bank to have a full employment goal when devising policy settings, bringing it into line with the United States and Australia. ",1
16552,Factbox: Xi allies dominate China's new 25-member Politburo,"(Reuters) - While the new seven-member Politburo Standing Committee unveiled on Wednesday by China s ruling Communist Party was not packed with people regarded as close to President Xi Jinping, his allies dominate the new Politburo - the second tier in Beijing s power structure. Of the 25 members of the Politburo, at least 14 were known to be close to Xi, according to sources with ties to the leadership and foreign diplomats in Beijing. In five years time, some of them could be promoted to the Standing Committee, China s pinnacle of power.  The 14 exclude Xi himself, who heads the Politburo. By comparison, the new Standing Committee included just one close Xi ally, although the other members are not seen as rivals.    Xi s known allies on the Politburo, in alphabetical order: Cai Qi, Beijing party boss Chen Miner, Chongqing party boss Chen Xi, who is likely to become minister of the party s organization or personnel department Ding Xuexiang, who is expected to become Xi s chief of staff as director of the party s General Office Huang Kunming, expected to become the party s propaganda minister Li Hongzhong, Tianjin party boss Li Qiang, Jiangsu party boss Li Xi, Liaoning party boss Li Zhanshu, who is tipped to become head of parliament having been appointed the third ranked member of the Standing Committee Liu He, economic adviser Wang Chen, a vice chairman and concurrently secretary-general of parliament General Xu Qiliang, a vice chairman of the Central Military Commission Yang Xiaodu, minister of supervision and deputy secretary of the anti-corruption watchdog, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection Zhang Youxia, a vice chairman of the Central Military Commission The average age of the new Politburo is 62.48 compared with 61.16 five years ago The oldest member is General Xu Qiliang, a vice chairman of the Central Military Commission. Xu and five others are at the cusp of retirement at 67 and can only serve one five-year term. The youngest is Guangdong party secretary Hu Chunhua, who was born in 1963. Two others were born in the 1960s, Chen Miner and Ding Xuexiang, 1960 and 1962 respectively. A fourth, Li Qiang, was born in 1959. Sun Chunlan, minister of the party s United Front Work Department, is the lone woman in the new Politburo. The previous Politburo had two women. Top diplomat Yang Jiechi surprisingly made it to the Politburo and could become one of four vice premiers, the first diplomat to hold that post since Qian Qichen, who was vice premier from 1993 to 2003. Qian was instrumental in breaking China out of diplomatic isolation after the military crackdown on the 1989 Tiananmen pro-democracy protests. General Zhang Youxia, a close Xi ally, is a Politburo newcomer. He is one of two vice chairmen of the Central Military Commission, and his promotion confirms a Reuters report on Oct. 17.  Vice President Li Yuanchao, outgoing Propaganda Minister Liu Qibao and former Xinjiang party boss Zhang Chunxian have not reached retirement age but did not retain their Politburo seats. Shanghai Mayor Ying Yong is not on the new Politburo, most likely dashing his chances of becoming party boss of China s financial capital.  China s top cop, Politburo member Guo Shengkun, is expected to become security chief. There are no ethnic minorities on the new Politburo. ",1
16553,"Three killed, one missing after torrential rains in Bulgaria","SOFIA (Reuters) - Three people were killed and one is missing after torrential rains lashed low-laying parts of Black Sea port city of Bourgas and flooded several surrounding villages in southeastern Bulgaria early on Wednesday, local authorities said. The strong rains cut electricity supplies to at least five villages, forced rivers to outburst their banks flooding dozens of homes and blocking roads in Kameno municipality where authorities have declared an emergency situation.        People in the village of Trastikovo, some 390 km (242  miles) east of Sofia, were evacuated after flooding waters broke a dyke. Weather forecasters say strong rains are expected to continue on Wednesday.   ",1
16554,Thailand kicks off sumptuous funeral of King Bhumibol Adulyadej,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand on Wednesday marked the start of a lavish, five-day funeral for King Bhumibol Adulyadej with a Buddhist religious ceremony attended by senior members of its royal family. King Bhumibol, who died last year aged 88, will be cremated on Thursday on a royal pyre within a cremation complex of gold pavilions in front of Bangkok s Grand Palace, in a ceremony that is expected to draw about 250,000 mourners. Thailand has observed a year of mourning for King Bhumibol, who was regarded as a pillar of stability during a reign of seven decades that witnessed political upheaval and rapid development in the Southeast Asian nation.   It s overwhelming,  said one mourner, Aporn Wongdee, 60,  who hails from the southern province of Nakhon Si Thammarat.  I ve been here for two days already and I want to see our father to heaven.       A sum of $90 million has been set aside for the funeral, the likes of which has never been seen in Thailand, officials involved in the funeral preparations said. King Maha Vajiralongkorn, known as Rama X, who inherited the throne in December on his father s death, arrived at the Grand Palace by car on Wednesday as soldiers dressed in red uniforms and black hats stood to attention.  He was flanked by his two daughters. Live television images from inside the palace showed the king lighting candles in front of his father s coffin and a symbolic royal urn. The Buddhist funeral ceremony, mixed with Hindu rituals, was attended by 119 Buddhist monks who chanted prayers in the ancient Pali language. Queues of black-clad mourners, many carrying portraits of the king, snaked around parts of Bangkok s old town, waiting to enter the cremation area. By mid-afternoon, 25,000 mourners had gathered around the cremation site, city police said. In what is expected to be an emotionally-charged morning, King Bhumibol s body will be moved on Thursday from the Grand Palace to a crematorium in a public square in front, where thousands of people have already pitched tents to ensure places. On Thursday, three processions will make their way from the palace to the cremation site - a series of specially-erected Thai pavilions that took nearly a year to build. Some Thais have folded flowers of sandalwood paper to be used in the cremation, in the belief that their fragrance guides the soul of the departed to heaven. The cremation day has been declared a national holiday, when banks will be closed and major shopping centers will be shut from 3 p.m. ",1
16555,Factbox: Funeral of Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Crowds began gathering in Bangkok on Wednesday for the official beginning of the funeral of Thailand s revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej. The lavish five-day event, which runs until Sunday, opened with rows of Buddhist monks in orange robes chanting prayers. A funeral procession and cremation ceremony are scheduled for Thursday. About 250,000 Thais are expected to attend the cremation ceremony, which will be led by the new King Maha Vajiralongkorn. King Bhumibol, 88, who ruled for more than seven decades, was widely regarded as the nation s moral compass during periods of intermittent political unrest. Since his death on Oct. 13 last year, the country has observed a year of official mourning, with many Thais wearing black. Here are details of the cremation: * The king s cremation will take place on Thursday, which has been declared a public holiday, when many businesses have announced they will be shut all day or close at midday. * A budget of 3 billion baht ($90 million) has been set aside for the funeral, which will be attended by dozens of heads of state, including King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck of Bhutan and Japan s Prince Akishino and Princess Kiko. * Many hotels near the cremation area have been booked out by mourners.     * The site of the royal cremation includes nine spire-roofed  Thai pavilions to honor the late king, who was also known as Rama IX. * The site took nearly a year to complete and was built from scratch. It features sculptures of mythical creatures and auspicious animals such as lions and elephants. * The cremation will make use of sandalwood flowers whose fragrance ancient Thais believed would lead the soul of the dead to heaven. * Those unable to attend the funeral will be able to visit 85 miniature replicas of the site across Thailand. * New King Maha Vajiralongkorn formally ascended the throne last year but his coronation will take place after his father s funeral. ",1
16556,EU lawmakers urge Malta money laundering inquiry after journalist's murder,"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - The European Union should investigate Malta s anti-money laundering system, EU lawmakers said on Tuesday in response to the murder of a Maltese journalist who reported widely on financial and political corruption. Daphne Caruana Galizia, who was blown up by a car bomb last week, had published leaked documents on alleged money laundering cases involving top Maltese officials. EU parliamentarians said Malta now needed to show it was clean.  The Maltese government has failed to take serious action against high level cases of money laundering in its country , Green Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) Eva Joly and Sven Giegold said in a joint statement.  We want a serious investigation by the European Commission on Malta s respect of the European rules against money laundering.   EU Justice Commissioner Vera Jourova said in a letter to Green MEPs dated Oct. 23 that  based on the information available so far, there appear to be no grounds to suspect a systematic breach of Union law pertaining to the prevention of money laundering  in Malta. But she added that the Commission had requested more information from Malta on cases of alleged money laundering involving Keith Allen Schembri, the chief of staff of Prime Minister Joseph Muscat. Schembri has denied the allegations. Prime Minister Joseph Muscat told Reuters in an interview last week that the island s  financial services sector is as transparent, solid and compliant as any other European jurisdiction.  Ahead of a debate on the  protection of journalists and the defense of media freedom in Malta , the European Parliament held a minute s silence, at a session in Strasbourg attended by Caruana Galizia s widower and children.  Parliament President Antonio Tajani said the parliament s press room would be named after the murdered reporter. He added that Europol, the EU law enforcement agency, should help investigate Caruana Galizia s murder  as part of an international investigation where all police forces can contribute to find the culprits . The Maltese government has sought assistance from the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation and from Dutch experts to help resolve the case.  The head of the Italian parliament s anti-mafia committee urged Malta to toughen laws to combat organized crime. Italian investigators have traced criminal proceeds to companies set up in Malta to launder money by the southern Italian mafia groups. Anti-mafia committee head Rosy Bindi said during a visit to the island that Malta had to close legal loopholes.  Those who order assassinations are often the ones who fear that loopholes will be closed,  she said. ",1
16557,U.S. says 'administrative error' blocked Indonesia military chief's travel,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s military chief was temporarily barred from traveling to the United States at the weekend due to an  administrative error , the U.S. embassy in Jakarta said in an online statement on Wednesday. General Gatot Nurmantyo was about to board a flight to the United States on Saturday when he was told that the Customs and Border Protection Agency had denied him entry, even though he had a visa and an official invitation from the chairman of the U.S. joint chiefs of staff to attend a conference in Washington.  General Gatot Nurmantyo and his wife were delayed in their ability to board their flight due to an administrative error.  The error was quickly corrected. We have taken appropriate measures to prevent this matter from occurring again,  the U.S. embassy said in a statement, without elaborating. The incident prompted top U.S. officials, including Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and envoys in Jakarta to apologize to Indonesia as it demanded details as to why Nurmantyo was blocked, where he had been able to travel to the United States on official trips before. U.S. Homeland Security Department said earlier this week that the U.S. embassy in Jakarta had informed Nurmantyo s office that he might be delayed in boarding his flight because of unspecified  U.S. security protocols . It added that the U.S. government was unable to resolve the problem before Nurmantyo arrived at the airport and he was denied boarding. The general was eventually cleared and booked on another flight but he chose not to travel. Nurmantyo told reporters on Tuesday that he did not travel on a later flight because he had informed President Joko Widodo of the issue and that he would only travel  on further orders from the president .   There s no signal (from the president) so I no longer have the initiative to go,  Nurmantyo said, adding he was disappointed at not being able to meet his friend and counterpart General Joseph F. Dunford, who had invited him to attend an anti-terrorism conference. ",1
16558,China speculators target 'Huning' elevator firm on political namesake's promotion,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - A little-known Chinese elevator maker saw its Shenzhen-listed shares surge the maximum 10 percent on Wednesday. The reason? The company s name resembles that of Wang Huning, a Chinese Communist Party theoretician who was elevated on Wednesday to China s apex of power.  The frenzied buying in Hangzhou Huning Elevator Parts Co, whose business has nothing to do with Wang, offers the latest example of the enduring influence of short-term speculators, despite regulators  stepped-up campaign against  pump and dump  trading. The government is introducing more foreign institutional investors, hoping they can help improve the trading culture in the country s stock market - sometimes likened to a casino. U.S. index publisher MSCI will include China A-shares in its global indexes next year. But Wednesday s surge in Huning Elevator shows that many investors still pick stocks merely by name, not fundamentals.  This is pure speculation, spurred by irrational euphoria. It has nothing to do with fundamentals,  said Yang Hai, analyst at Kaiyuan Securities.  Heady investors who chased the stock will be burnt.       Trading in Huning Elevator was calm in the morning, but that changed after the Communist Party revealed around midday its new Politburo Standing Committee, the country s top policy-making body. The seven-man unit included Wang, a one-time law professor from Shanghai who has risen steadily up the party s ranks but mostly operated behind the scenes. When the stock resumed trading in the afternoon, a buying spree pushed it up the maximum 10 percent. It gave up some gains in afternoon trading and closed up 6 percent. The elevator maker, which cannot be immediately reached for comment, forecast roughly flat nine-month profit on Oct. 13. Name-based stock-picking is not uncommon in China, especially during major political events. Last November, when news headlines pointed to a likely presidential election win for Donald Trump, shares in Wisesoft Co Ltd - whose Chinese name sounds like  Trump s big win  - surged, while Yunan Xiyi Industrial- whose Chinese name bears resemblance to  Aunt Hillary  - slumped. And when Barack Obama won the U.S. presidential election in 2008, speculators piled into home appliances maker Aucma Co Ltd, which sounds roughly like the Chinese pronunciation of Obama. Some listed firms in China even took advantage of speculators  preference for sexy names. In 2015, property developer Shanghai Duolun Industry changed its name to P2P Financial Information Services Co, in an apparent attempt to tap into investors  mania toward fin tech at the time, triggering a surge in its shares, before the bubble burst. ",1
16559,Vietnam jails student activist six years for propaganda against the state,"(Reuters) - A Vietnamese student activist was jailed for six years plus four years of probation by a local court on Wednesday for conducting propaganda against the state, his lawyer said. Despite sweeping reforms to its economy and growing openness to social change, including gay, lesbian and transgender rights, Vietnam s sole Communist Party retains tight media censorship and does not tolerate criticism. Phan Kim Khanh, 24, is a student studying international relations and the eldest child of a Catholic farming family in a remote area north of capital Hanoi. He had written blogs criticizing the government before he was arrested earlier this year.  The proof used in court against Khanh was vague,  lawyer Ha Huy Son told Reuters, adding he was not certain if Khanh wants to appeal. Human Rights Watch on Tuesday called on Vietnam to drop all charges and release Khanh.  The bogus crime of conducting propaganda against the state is designed to silence peaceful critics of the Vietnamese authorities,  said Brad Adams, Human Rights Watch s Asia director.   Vietnam ought to get rid of these laws and stop persecuting students and ordinary people for just talking about the country s problems on the internet.  ",1
16560,"Under Trump plan, refugees from 11 countries face additional U.S. barriers","WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Trump administration will temporarily delay processing of most refugees from 11 countries identified as high-risk, while resuming refugee admissions for other countries, government officials said on Tuesday. Most of the affected countries are in the Middle East and Africa, according to documents seen by Reuters. The administration also will place on hold a program that allows for family reunification for some refugees resettled in the United States, according to a Trump administration memo seen by Reuters and sent to Congress on Tuesday. The resettling of so-called following-to-join refugees will resume, according to the memo, once screening  enhancements have been implemented.  U.S. officials said the changes were aimed at protecting U.S. national security, but refugee advocates said they amounted to a de facto ban on refugees from the 11 countries and were unnecessary, since refugees are already heavily vetted. The changes come at the close of a 120-day ban on most refugees ordered by President Donald Trump to allow a review of vetting processes. The 120 days ended on Tuesday, and Trump issued an executive order allowing the general resumption of the U.S. refugee program. The memo expressed concerns about admitting refugees from the 11 countries and said the government will conduct a 90-day review  to determine what additional safeguards, if any, are necessary to ensure ... the security and welfare of the United States.  Trump took office in January with a goal of sharply cutting refugee admissions, in line with promises he made during the 2016 election campaign. He quickly issued temporary bans on refugees and travelers from several Muslim-majority countries, which were challenged in court. Opponents of the bans argued that the policies were aimed at barring Muslims from the United States. The administration has denied any intent to discriminate and says its travel ban and security changes are meant to protect the United States from terrorist acts. The Supreme Court on Tuesday dismissed the last remaining challenge to an earlier version of Trump s travel ban. The 11 countries to face further hurdles are those whose refugees are currently required to undergo higher-level security screening known as Security Advisory Opinions, or SAOs.  As of the end of 2016, SAOs were required for most adult male refugees who were nationals of Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Mali, North Korea, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, as well as Palestinians who lived in those countries, according to a State Department document seen by Reuters. Three sources familiar with refugee processing said that list was still current. Officials declined to name the 11 countries. A senior U.S. official told reporters on condition of anonymity that during the 90-day review period, refugees from the 11 countries can still be admitted to the United States on a case-by-case basis,  if it s deemed to be in the national interest and they pose no threat.    But the administration s memo, signed by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, acting Department of Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, said the government will reallocate resources used to process refugees from SAO countries to those from other locations where  the processing may not be as resource intensive.  Refugees International, an advocacy group, said the decision amounted to  a new and near-total ban on admission of refugees from 11 nationality groups.  Citizens of the 11 countries comprised 44 percent of the nearly 54,000 refugees admitted into the United States in the 2017 fiscal year, according to State Department data. Of the countries, Iraq, Syria, Somalia and Iran sent by far the most refugees to the United States. All but two of the countries, North Korea and South Sudan, are majority Muslim, though many of the refugees that come from those countries are religious minorities in their own states.  Of nearly 2,600 Iranian refugees resettled in the United States last year, for instance, a majority were Christian, according to State Department data.  The  follow-to-join  refugee program being put on hold allows refugees who have entered the United States to apply for close family members to join them. About 2,000 such refugee family members came to the United States in 2015, according to DHS data. In a separate State Department memo seen by Reuters and issued this week, the administration also laid out additional screening for all refugees seeking admission into the United States, including details of their whereabouts going back a decade, twice as long as before. Refugees will also have to provide more detailed information about their family members. The new requirements could put an additional burden on refugees fleeing war, famine or ethnic cleansing, whose lives have often been upended and whose family members may be scattered across the world, refugee advocates said. ",1
16561,Britain aiming for outline Brexit transition deal by first quarter of 2018: Davis,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain wants an outline agreement with the European Union on the transitional arrangements that will apply after it leaves the bloc by the first quarter of 2018, Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday.   I would be aiming to get certainly the outlines of it agreed, if we could, in the first quarter (of 2018) ... but it s a negotiation,  Davis told a parliamentary committee. ",1
16562,"Ugandan MPs get $8,000 each for work on extending president's rule: spokesman","KAMPALA (Reuters) - Ugandan legislators have each pocketed 29 million Ugandan shillings ($8,000) as a payout for consultations on legislation to extend the president s rule, a parliamentary spokesman said on Tuesday, a move opponents denounced as a bribe.  The bill would scrap a constitutional age cap preventing President Yoweri Museveni, 73 and in power for 31 years, from standing in the next election. It is likely to pass, given the ruling party s majority, when it is voted on later this year.  A staunch ally of Western powers, Museveni is widely seen as an anchor of stability in the often volatile Great Lakes region after decades of violent Ugandan dictators. Critics say he has evolved into just another African strongman using corrupt and ruthless tactics to retain power for life.    Parliamentary spokesman Chris Obore said the one-off payment had been released to the legislators  bank accounts this week.   It s to help them to consult with their constituents on this bill,  he told Reuters.  MPs are among Uganda s best-paid public servants; their monthly remuneration of about $5,900 already includes expenses for regular travel to their constituencies to consult with voters. But low-paid public employees like teachers, police and health workers often do not see their salaries paid on time - typical delays can run to three months. Public hospitals are often missing important drugs.   Public anger over waste and corruption is growing, and protests have erupted in different parts of Uganda gainst the bill. Security forces have responded by using tear gas and live bullets to suppress the demonstrations.  Dozens of people have been arrested and two have died in the protests.  At the moment, Museveni cannot run for re-election in 2021 because the existing constitution bars candidates aged above 75 years of age. He backs the private member s bill, introduced in parliament last month, that seeks to scrap the age cap. The amendment, which critics say will clear the way for Museveni to rule for the rest of his life, has met broad resistance from some ruling party supporters, opposition, religious leaders and rights activists.   This is an outright bribe,  John Baptist Nambeshe, one of the MPs opposed to the bill, told Reuters.  To claim that it s a normal parliamentary facilitation - it defeats logic.  In total, the East African country is spending about 13 billion shillings ($3.55 million) to facilitate consultations on the bill by 445 legislators, Obore said.  In 2005, MPs were also offered a one-off payment of five million shillings to consult on a draft bill that removed a two-term cap on incumbency from the constitution, allowing Museveni to stand again. Each term is five years.  That was the only other occasion MPs have been paid to consult on a specific bill, and it also attracted wide criticism as a thinly-disguised bribe. The bill was passed.   ",1
16563,Restoring legality in Catalonia is Spanish government priority: PM Rajoy,"MADRID (Reuters) - One of the priorities for Spain s government is restoring  normality and legality  in the wealthy northeastern region of Catalonia, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy told parliament on Wednesday. Catalonia is facing direct rule from Madrid from Friday, due to an independence bid which Spanish courts have ruled contravenes the country s 1978 constitution.  ",1
16564,An independent Catalonia would be out of the EU: economy minister,"MADRID (Reuters) - An independent Catalonia would be forced out of the European Union and euro area which would directly hurt the regional economy, the Spanish economy minister said on Wednesday.  It d be out of all the treaties, 70 percent of its gross domestic product would be subject to tariffs and physical borders. It would be out of the euro zone and the banks wouldn t have ECB coverage ... it would have to create its own currency which would be very depreciated,  Luis de Guindos told parliament on Wednesday. Such a depreciation would lead to an estimated 25-30 percent drop in regional economic growth, elevated inflation and a doubling of unemployment rates, he said.       ",1
16565,"Plague kills 124 in Madagascar, cities most affected: report","KIGALI (Reuters) - A plague epidemic in Madagascar has killed 124 people since August in an outbreak that has hit the island s two main cities the hardest, the authorities said on Wednesday.     Plague is endemic in Madagascar, but the outbreak that has caused 1,192 suspected cases since August is especially worrying because it started earlier in the season than usual and has hit urban rather than rural areas. In addition, two thirds of the cases are of the pneumonic plague, the deadliest form of the disease.  The total number of cases (1,192) is already three times higher than the average annual total,  the National Office for Risk and Disaster Management said in a report on Wednesday. Last week a World Health Organization report said the death toll stood at 94. The capital Antananarivo and Toamasina,  the two largest cities in Madagascar, an island in the Indian Ocean, were the most affected, with 55 percent of cases recorded there. To date 54 medical staff have been infected, it said. The report said that of an estimated $9.5 million in aid needed to counter the epidemic, only $3 million has been raised.      ",1
16566,"India agrees to hold talks on Afghanistan with U.S., Kabul","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has agreed to hold talks on Afghanistan with the United States and Kabul, Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj said on Wednesday after meeting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in New Delhi. Swaraj said she also discussed deepening economic ties with the United States. ",1
16567,Families returning to ruined Philippine city taught to identify bombs,"MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - Philippine teachers on Tuesday gave families returning to the  destroyed lakeside city of Marawi a course on how to identify unexploded bombs in their homes and warned them to stay clear. The five-month battle to retake Marawi from pro-Islamic State rebels left the city in ruins. The government announced the end of military operations on Monday in the country s biggest security crisis in years, allowing rebuilding and rehabilitation efforts to begin.. The teachers taught children and their parents how to recognize live mortar shells, grenades, aircraft rockets and  improvised explosive devices  in their villages. Security forces used artillery bombardment and air strikes to flush out the gunmen who endured 154 days of the offensive by stockpiling huge amounts of weapons, including bombs.  Warnings from the teachers included drawings of inquisitive children hammering bombs and trying to set them on fire.  This helps us parents to understand and tell our children not to touch or get near the bombs,  said Sobaida Sidic, a housewife attending the training.  Authorities said 920 militants, 165 troops and police and at least 45 civilians were killed in the conflict, which displaced more than 300,000 people. Lominog Manoga, a principal at a school in Marawi overseeing the training, said it was important to teach people the risks. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte had declared Marawi City liberated last week, even though fighting was not actually over. On Sunday, he said it was important to be vigilant because no country could escape Islamic State s  clutches of evil . ",1
16568,Greens say no support for Macron's EZ budget idea in German talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - None of the German parties involved in exploratory coalition talks support French President Emmanuel Macron s idea to create a separate budget for the euro zone, a negotiator for the Greens party told Reuters on Wednesday. Reinhard Buetikofer, who participated in a late-night negotiating session on European policy on Tuesday with German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Free Democrats (FDP), said the Greens supported the idea of more investment in infrastructure but not a new budget.  None of the participating parties support a euro zone budget,  Buetikofer, a member of the European Parliament said.  We Greens fully support the idea of finding ways, within the framework of the existing EU budget, to boost investment in infrastructure. We share Macron s aim of increasing investment.  The news is a blow to Macron, who has called for the creation of a euro zone budget of several hundred billions of euros to help the single currency bloc cope with economic shocks. The Greens are seen as the biggest supporters of Macron s ideas among the German parties considering a coalition.  ",1
16569,Spain aims to avoid economic damage to Catalonia through direct rule: PM,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s central government aims to avoid further economic damage to the wealthy northeastern region of Catalonia due to its secession bid by exercising direct rule, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy told parliament on Wednesday. More than one thousand firms have moved their legal headquarters out of Catalonia to avoid volatility caused by the independence bid, according to the companies registry, and the uncertainty has prompted Madrid to cut economic forecasts.  ",1
16570,French government spokesman gets Macron's backing to lead party,"PARIS (Reuters) - French government spokesman Christophe Castaner said on Wednesday that Emmanuel Macron was backing him to lead the year-old Republic on the Move (LREM) party that brought the president to victory earlier this year. If Castaner wins a Nov. 18 election for the party s leadership, it could trigger a minor government reshuffle as he is a cabinet member in charge of relations with parliament. LREM won a large majority in parliamentary elections in June, consolidating Macron s presidential win in May. Like Macron, most LREM lawmakers had never previously held elected office.  If he chose me and supported my candidacy in the collective talks we re having, it s because I ve got the support of the party s rank and file,  Castaner said on RTL radio. Previously a Socialist lawmaker from southwestern France, Castaner joined Macron s campaign early as his spokesman. Since Macron s victory, Castaner has become a familiar face on national television defending the president s reform agenda. Thanks to Castaner s Socialist roots, Macron s backing for him could help counter recent criticism of Macron as a president of the rich for partially scrapping the wealth tax, a symbol of France s income redistribution system cherished on the Left. Castaner said that for the moment no one else had put forward their candidacy to lead the party. ",1
16571,Australia campuses warned of 'clandestine' influence in apparent poke at China,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s domestic spy chief has warned that universities need to be  very conscious  of foreign interference in an apparent reference to China s perceived undercover influence on campuses. Australian Security Intelligence Organisation director-general Duncan Lewis told politicians in Canberra late on Tuesday that espionage and foreign interference were an  insidious threat . Lewis said foreign powers were  clandestinely seeking to shape  the opinion of the Australian public, media organizations and government officials  in order to advance their countries  own political objectives .  Lewis did not specifically name China in his late night testimony to a parliamentary inquiry, but when questioned about China s involvement, he said he  strongly identified  with comments made by a senior government official this month that universities should protect themselves from Chinese influence. Asked last week about the Communist Party s overseas activities in places like Australia, a senior official said Chinese people living overseas had to respect the laws of the countries in which they lived. China is Australia s largest trading partner, with business spurred by a wide-ranging China-Australia Free Trade Agreement signed in 2015.  Relations between Australia and China have been tested in recent months after the United States, Japan and Australia voiced concerns over Beijing s unilateral actions in the disputed South China Sea, including continued artificial land building. ",1
16572,South Korea court appoints new defense team for ex-president Park,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A South Korean court on Wednesday assigned five state attorneys to defend disgraced former president Park Geun-hye, following her defense team s resignation last week in protest at the extension of her detention period until April next year. Park is standing trial accused of bribery, abuse of power and coercion, having been forced to step down in March after parliament voted to impeach her at the end of 2016. She has been held in detention since late March, although under South Korean law a defendant in a criminal trial at a lower court can be detained for a maximum of six months. Citing concerns that Park could destroy evidence if she was released, the Seoul Central District Court issued an additional arrest warrant on Oct. 13 in order to extend her detention by six months. The court s move prompted her entire defense team to quit in protest at a session on Oct. 16. Having lost her legal team, Park gave health reasons for her failure to attend a session three days later.   After witnessing the collapse of the presumption of innocence and the principle of investigation without detention, we concluded that our efforts to defend Park will be meaningless,  Park s former lawyer, Yoo Yeong-ha, told the court last week.   The court s decision to issue an additional arrest warrant will remain as one of humiliating moments in South Korea s judiciary history,  Yoo said. A Seoul Central District Court spokesman said five state attorneys had been appointed to take over Park s defense. Citing court sources, Yonhap news agency reported the new defense team would have to review about 120,000 pages of court documents to prepare for upcoming hearings. Park s supporters have asked a United Nations body to investigate whether Park was being prevented from getting proper medical treatment and possible violation of her human rights due to her detention.   ",1
16573,Iraq readies for final offensive on Islamic State near Syrian border,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces are about to launch an offensive to recapture the last patch of Iraqi territory still in the hands of Islamic State, the military said on Wednesday.  Your security forces are now coming to liberate you,  said leaflets dropped by the Iraqi air force on the western border region of al-Qaim and Rawa, according to a statement from the Joint Operations Command in Baghdad.  The militant group also holds parts of the Syrian side of the border, but the area under their control is shrinking as they retreat in the face of two sets of hostile forces - a U.S.-backed, Kurdish-led coalition and Syrian government troops with foreign Shi ite militias backed by Iran and Russia. Islamic State s self-declared cross-border caliphate effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, in a grueling battle which lasted nine months.  The militants  Syrian stronghold, Raqqa, fell to U.S.-backed forces last week. Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who declared the caliphate from Mosul in mid-2014, released an audio recording on Sept. 28 that indicated he was alive, after several reports he had been killed. He urged his followers to keep up the fight despite setbacks.  God is with us in this last assault on Daesh members,  said the leaflets dropped by the Iraqi forces on the border area with Syria, referring to Islamic State.   Tell those among your children and relatives who took up a weapon against the state to throw it aside immediately, and to go to any house on top of which a white flag have been raised when the liberation forces enter al-Qaim.   ",1
16574,Indonesia arrests nine with alleged Islamic State links,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian authorities arrested nine men suspected of having links to a militant network loyal to Islamic State and planning a series of attacks on police posts, said a police spokesman. Counter-terrorism police have grappled with a recent resurgence in homegrown radicalism in the world s largest Muslim-majority country, inspired by extremist group Islamic State. Police said eight men were arrested on Tuesday in Riau province and one man in South Sulawesi province. They were alleged to have links to Indonesia s most high-profile militant network Jemaah Asharut Daulah (JAD) which is loyal to Islamic State.  They were planning attacks on police stations from the district level all the way to the provincial level,  national police spokesman Rikwanto said of the men arrested in Riau. He added that the men were suspected of joining a training camp in a neighboring province where they learned to shoot guns and assemble bombs. Detachment 88, the country s elite counter-terrorism police unit usually steps up surveillance and raids near the end of the year, foiling militant plots targeting New Year s Eve and Christmas celebrations and popular tourist spots. Authorities suspect there are hundreds of Islamic State sympathizers in Indonesia, some of whom have traveled to Syria to fight alongside the group. There are heightened concerns over the return of battle-hardened militants as Islamic State loses territory in the Middle East.    Four people were killed when Islamic State-linked militants launched a gun-and-bomb attack in the heart of the capital Jakarta in January, 2016. ",1
16575,Tears in rain as Thais gather for late king's funeral,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Somber crowds began gathering to pay final respects to Thailand s late King Bhumibol Adulyadej, braving a tropical downpour to camp out along the funeral procession route for a monarch who died last year and was revered by some as a demi-god. The five-day Buddhist ceremony, which begins on Wednesday, has taken nearly a year to prepare and 3 billion baht ($90 million) has been set aside to pay for the funeral. Arriving a day early to guarantee their place for a funeral that is expected to draw 250,000 people, mourners pitched flimsy tents in the middle of Bangkok s old quarter to provide some protection from the torrential rain. Hotels in the old town neighborhood have been booked up weeks in advance, and a national holiday has been declared for Oct. 26, the day of the cremation. Although he was a constitutional monarch, King Bhumibol Adulyadej has been credited with reviving the prestige of the monarchy. Aged 88 when he died, the king was viewed by many people a pillar of stability in the politically turbulent Southeast Asian country, where a military junta currently holds power. The king s cremation site, which features gold-tipped pavilions built for the occasion, is a stone s throw from the Grand Palace, popular with foreign tourists. Even though the funeral had yet to begin, many of the people gathering had tears in their eyes and were visibly emotional.  Hunched beneath a makeshift tent made of cloth and string, Chalermporn Paebutr, a 72-year-old woman from northern Thailand, described her determination to bid farewell to a much-loved monarch.  I traveled here two days ago so that I could be the first to get a good spot,  she told Reuters.  We only have to brave the rain for a few days. This is worth it if we can be near him one last time.  Around 1,000 people had camped overnight in the downpour, police said on Tuesday. Some only had their plastic raincoats for protection. Thailand has suffered floods since Oct. 10. Nine people have died, and 19 of the country s 77 provinces have been hit affected.  The floods will not affect the cremation ceremony in any way,  interior minister Anupong Paochinda told reporters. New King Maha Vajiralongkorn, the late king s only son, will lead the cremation ceremony.  Thailand has a harsh law, known as Article 112, against insulting the monarchy, and prosecutions have skyrocketed since the junta came to power following a coup in 2014. The United Nations has voiced concern over the use of the law to clamp down on free speech and has repeatedly called on Thailand to amend it. ",1
16576,Pyongyang university needs non-U.S. teachers as travel ban leaves staff shortages,"SEOUL (Reuters) - The only western-funded university in North Korea is scrambling to recruit teachers not from the United States after a U.S. travel ban to the isolated country forced the school to start the September semester with only half of its faculty. According to a recruitment notice from a faculty member of Pyongyang University of Science and Technology (PUST) reviewed by Reuters, the school is on a  vigorous lecturer recruitment campaign  for the spring semester slated to start next year. The notice, which said the recruitment focus is  non-U.S. professors  mainly from Asia and Europe, suggests that discussions with the U.S. State Department about receiving special exemptions for PUST s volunteers have not gone well. Of the roughly 130 foreigners at PUST including faculty members, staffers and family members, about 60 had been U.S. citizens, according to people familiar with PUST operations.  Needless to say, our chronic faculty shortage and curriculum instability have been exacerbated even further, translating into the emergency situation of crippled school operation and curriculum running,  said the notice sent out by Paul Song, currently acting dean of the international finance and management department at PUST. As of Sept. 1, the U.S. State Department has enforced a ban on Americans traveling to North Korea following the death earlier this year of an American student who had been detained by the state while on a tour. It also advised U.S. citizens living there to leave. North Korea has criticized Washington s decision to ban U.S. passport holders from visiting the North, with state media describing it as a  sordid  attempt to limit human exchanges. It has also said its doors are always open for all Americans who wish to visit. Tensions on the Korean peninsula have escalated significantly in the wake of numerous missile tests and its sixth and most powerful nuclear test by Pyongyang last month. Insults and threats exchanged between the North s leader Kim Jong Un and U.S. President Donald Trump have also exacerbated global jitters over possible military conflict.  A month after the fall semester had started, a PUST official told Reuters high security concerns over North Korea has made it  difficult to find additional replacement staff .  A number of organizations are unwilling to approve staff to travel,  the official added. The school was founded in 2010 by a Korean American evangelical Christian with the goal of helping North Korea s future elite learn the skills to modernize the North and engage with the outside world. Since its founding, the school has grown to about 500 undergraduate and 60 graduate students studying in mostly three departments - electronic and computer engineering, international finance and management and agriculture and life sciences. ",1
16577,Philippine President Duterte to visit Japan ahead of key regional summits,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will visit Japan for talks with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe this month, ahead of key regional meetings beginning with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) gathering in Vietnam in November.  Japan and the Philippines have close ties and our strategic partnership can promote stability in the region,  Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said on Wednesday during a regular press briefing.  Duterte will arrive on Oct 29 for a three day visit, Suga said. Japan is concerned about China s growing power in the South China Sea and sees cooperation with the Philippines, which lies on the waterway s eastern side, as key to helping prevent the spread of Beijing s influence into the western Pacific.  Duterte, unlike his predecessor, Benigno Aquino, has courted China and has been less critical of its island building in the region. Following the two-day APEC meeting from Nov 11, which U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping will attend, Asia Pacific leaders will travel to the Philippines for the East Asia Summit, including representatives from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and other Asia Pacific nations.  Duterte s visit will mark his second trip to Japan and his third meeting with Abe. ",1
16578,"Japan's Abe may have won election, but many don't want him as PM","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe may have won a major election victory on Sunday, but half the people surveyed post-election by the Asahi newspaper don t want him to stay prime minister. It seems the election victory has boosted the approval rating for Abe s administration, but not him. Public support rate for Abe s administration grew to 42 percent in the survey, conducted between Oct. 23 and 24, up from 38 percent in its previous survey in mid-Oct. But 47 percent of respondents don t want Abe to continue as prime minister, exceeding 37 percent who want him to stay, said the survey published on Wednesday. Abe s disapproval rating slipped to 39 percent from 40 percent, according to the Asahi s survey. Abe is due to remain prime minister until September 2018 when his tenure as Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) leader ends and a new vote for LDP leader is held Abe s LDP-led coalition won a combined 313 seats in Sunday s national election, keeping its two-thirds  super majority  in the 465-member lower house, local media said. Several experts noted the ruling bloc s win was less a victory for the long-ruling LDP than a defeat for a divided opposition. The Asahi s survey also showed 51 percent of respondents said the number of seats the ruling bloc s won was  too many , while 32 percent expressed the seat number was good. And 54 percent of respondents said they were concerned about Abe s policies, exceeding 29 percent who said they have positive expectations, the Asahi said. A Yomiuri newspaper survey on Wednesday showed the approval rating for Abe s administration was up at 52 percent from 41 percent in its previous survey early this month. Asked reasons for the LDP s winning majority on its own, only six percent said it was  high hopes for Abe , 10 percent said  appreciation of ruling parties achievements  while 44 percent cited fragmentation of opposition, the Yomiuri said. ",1
16579,Demoralized and divided: inside Catalonia's police force,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - With the Spanish government ready to take over the running of Catalonia on Friday, the loyalty of the local police to Madrid or to the Catalan cause will be tested if they are ordered to drag their former political masters from office. Spanish police provoked international outcry by using batons and rubber bullets when they stepped in to try to stop an illegal independence referendum on Oct. 1 after the local Catalan force refused to prevent voting in what has become the worst constitutional crisis in modern Spanish history.  Catalonia s secessionist government is intent on resisting Spain s plan to remove it from power, and there are doubts over how a divided and demoralized Mossos d Esquadra, as the Catalan police are called, would respond if ordered to evict President Carles Puigdemont and his autonomous government by force.   National police could once again be on the front line. The local police force is riven by distrust between those for and against Catalan independence and is estranged from Spain s national police forces, according to interviews with Mossos officers and national police.  The Civil Guard gave evidence against the Mossos chief in a sedition inquiry after his force stood back and allowed voting to take place, court documents show.  Five Mossos officers, speaking on condition of anonymity, said they believed the 17,000-strong force was split among those who wanted independence and those who opposed it, with three of those saying they would not use force to remove ministers and lawmakers from power.  I m not going to use force and beat people with my baton if they are passive,  said a 15-year Mossos veteran and secessionist, who declined to be named.  He said many others felt the same, but added: I would have to obey it. My family has to eat.  A Mossos spokeswoman said the force was neutral and not subject to any  political or ideological criteria . Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is intent on thwarting the latest bid for independence by Catalonia, which has 16 percent of the Spanish population but generates 19 percent of the country s economic output, to avoid what he believes will bring economic and social turmoil to the heart of the eurozone.  Officers told Reuters there was also an anti-independence faction in the Mossos d Esquadra,  Lads  Squad  in Catalan, which uses an encrypted chat app to share views on independence versus allegiance to Madrid.   In a bid to impose its authority the Madrid government will replace the Mossos senior leadership, but the question is whether this will be enough to ensure the force s loyalty.     The Mossos stance will have a powerful influence on the 7.5 million Catalans as the force has deep roots in Catalan society, having emerged from citizen militias in the 18th century.  The Mossos s reputation was enhanced by its handling of an August van attack in Barcelona which killed 14 people.  Rajoy will seek Senate approval on Friday to take the unprecedented step of assuming central control of Catalonia, including its government and the running of Mossos. The strategy will replace the Mossos leadership, including its two senior officers and 23 commissioners, and route the chain of command to a national police commander, yet to be appointed, who will report to the interior ministry, officials in Madrid and a Catalan police union said. Spain s foreign minister, Alfonso Dastis, said at the weekend, before calls for civil disobedience by the Catalan government, that  we are not going to arrest anyone .  But a senior government source said force may be necessary depending on the reaction in Catalonia.  If the parliament has to be emptied out and closed, if the councillors  offices have to be cleared out - if they obey there s no problem, but if they don t obey it will have to be enforced,  the source said. The months-long standoff between Madrid and pro-independence leaders progressively damaged morale inside Mossos, with hundreds of officers opposed to independence looking to quit the force, officers and union officials say. Some complain they are sidelined by their pro-independence colleagues. Luis Miguel Lorente, head of the national ARP police union, said about 200 Mossos officers had contacted his union for information on how to join national police forces. Spain has sent about 4,000 police reinforcements to Catalonia, where protests on both sides of the independence debate have drawn hundreds of thousands of people onto the streets. Extra police have been billeted in two cruise ships in Barcelona harbor. One of the ships is painted with cartoon characters of Tweety Pie and Sylvester the Cat, leading to Tweety Pie being adopted as the mascot of the independence movement by some campaigners. Participants in the referendum opted overwhelmingly for independence, but turnout was only about 43 percent as Catalans who favor remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot. Secessionists said the result gave them a mandate for statehood. Spain was only restored to democracy following the death in 1975 of dictator Francisco Franco, under whom the Catalan language and traditions were suppressed.    Protests have been peaceful, but the referendum showed how tensions can swiftly escalate when Madrid uses national police, despised by many secessionists, to enforce anti-independence measures. If Mossos stands back again, the senior government source said, national police would step in once more. A defiant Catalan government, which remains in power until the Senate approves Rajoy s plan, said this week its civil servants, including the Mossos, would continue to obey its instructions and those of its legislature. That raises fears that Puigdemont and regional lawmakers, will refuse to leave their offices, or that their supporters may try to help by occupying the offices. As well as replacing Mossos leaders, Madrid may also redeploy Mossos officers away from key government buildings and use national police instead, an interior ministry official said. Relations between the regional and the national forces are at rock bottom and no new joint investigations are being launched, say officers from each force.  ",1
16580,"China enshrines 'Xi Jinping Thought', key Xi ally to step down","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party enshrined President Xi Jinping s political thought into its constitution on Tuesday, putting him in the same company as the founder of modern China, Mao Zedong, and cementing his power ahead of a second five-year term. A key Xi ally, top corruption fighter Wang Qishan, will not be on the new Politburo Standing Committee, the apex of power in China, to be revealed on Wednesday as he was not among those named on Tuesday to the 204-member Central Committee. Whether or not the powerful Wang would remain on the Standing Committee, which currently has seven members, despite being beyond the customary retirement age of 69, had been among the key questions to be answered at the week-long party congress, which ended on Tuesday. Wang could still assume another senior role over the next few months. As expected, the party unanimously passed an amendment to include  Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era  as one of its guiding principles. The party will announce its new Standing Committee, headed by Xi, at around midday (0400 GMT) on Wednesday, culminating a twice-a-decade leadership reshuffle. As expected, the amended constitution affirmed that Xi s signature fight against corruption, which has ensnared more than 1.3 million officials, will continue. Unexpectedly, Xi s  Belt and Road  initiative, an ambitious program to build infrastructure linking China with its neighbors and beyond, was also included in the party constitution. Also included was a commitment to supply-side industrial reforms, and giving play to the  decisive role  of market forces in resource allocation, a commitment Xi had made early in his first terms that many investors say he has failed to deliver on.  The party exercises overall leadership over all areas of endeavor in every part of the country,  the party said in a statement reflecting Xi s ongoing efforts to strengthen the party and its place in contemporary Chinese society. If no clear successor to Xi is named to the new Politburo Standing Committee, it will further fuel speculation that Xi may look to retain power beyond the customary second five-year term.  This is about further erasing any distinction between Xi Jinping and the party,  said Jude Blanchette, who studies the party at The Conference Board s China Center for Economics and Business in Beijing, referring to Xi s thought getting into the constitution.   Add on to this having supply-side structural reform and One Belt One Road written into this, which were Xi s signature policies, this makes questioning or non-compliance with those tantamount to betrayal of the party.  Xu Hongcai, deputy chief economist at the China Centre for International Economic Exchanges, a Beijing think-tank, said party control was needed to push through the market reforms key to restructuring the world s second-largest economy.  To build a market economic system in such a big country, it s impossible without the leadership of the party,  he said. Others have argued that the two are contradictory.  When you put  supply-side reform  and  market playing a decisive role  in the same document, then that just shows they have to almost choose one,  said Alex Wolf, Senior Emerging Markets Economist with Aberdeen Standard Investments in Hong Kong. China s blue-chip shares climbed to a 26-month high on Tuesday, led by infrastructure and property stocks, as Xi wrapped up a congress that began with his three-and-a half hour speech envisioning a more prosperous, confident China. The yuan strengthened against the dollar. Xi rapidly consolidated power after assuming party leadership in late 2012 and then the presidency the next year. The party gave Xi the title of  core  leader a year ago, a significant strengthening of his position. Whether Xi was able to have his name  crowned  in the party constitution had been seen as a key measure of his power, elevating him to a level of previous leaders exemplified by Mao Zedong Thought and Deng Xiaoping Theory.  No other leader since Mao has had an eponymous ideology included in the document while in office. Deng s name was added after his death in 1997. A list of 133 committee members for the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection released on Tuesday included Zhao Leji, who heads the party s Organisation Department, a strong sign that he will take over from Wang as anti-corruption chief. China s top banking regulator, Guo Shuqing, and veteran banker Jiang Chaoliang, front runners to succeed Zhou Xiaochuan as central bank governor, both made it to the Central Committee. The constitutional amendment, along with Xi s work report and a work report of the graft watchdog to the congress, were passed by a show of hands. When Xi next asked for any  no  votes or abstentions for the amendment or two work reports, the sound of  none  echoed throughout the chamber, as officials shouted out from different sides of the hall. ",1
16581,Factbox: Who's in? Who's out? China's Communist Party Central Committee,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party announced a new Central Committee, the largest of its elite ruling bodies, at the closing session of the 19th Communist Party Congress on Tuesday, a course-setting leadership reshuffle held every five years. The list provides clues to who will, or won t, fill top party positions during President Xi Jinping s second term. The party will announce its new Politburo Standing Committee around midday (0400 GMT) on Wednesday. The Standing Committee, which now includes seven members headed by Xi and is the apex of power in China, is selected by the new Central Committee.  Here are noteworthy names: - Wang Qishan, 69, the anti-corruption tsar and current Standing Committee member, is not on the new Central Committee, ending months of speculation whether he would remain for another term and break an unofficial retirement rule of not taking a new position after age 68.  Wang may still get a leadership role outside the Standing Committee, sources told Reuters before the congress. - Zhao Leji, 60, head of the party s Organization Department, which oversees personnel decisions, made both the Central Committee and the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection Committee lists, suggesting he may take over Wang Qishan s role as top graft-buster. - Vice President Li Yuanchao, who is on the cusp of retirement at the age of 67, is expected to retire from the 25-member Politburo after he was not included on the 204-member Central Committee. - China s top diplomat, Yang Jiechi, 67, could keep his state councilor job or be further promoted to parliament or its advisory body after he made it back to the Central Committee.  If Yang retires, Foreign Minister Wang Yi, 64 this month, and Song Tao, 62, minister of the party s International Liaison Department, are the top contenders for Yang s job. Both Wang and Song are Central Committee members. - Veteran diplomat Liu Jieyi, 59, China s permanent representative to the United Nations, was elected to the Central Committee and is expected to take over as minister of the Taiwan Affairs Office, replacing Zhang Zhijun, who is retiring. - Transport Minister Li Xiaopeng, 58, the oldest son of former premier Li Peng, became a full member of the Central Committee. He was the lowest vote-getter among alternate members of the Central Committee five years ago. - Ten women made it onto the committee, 4.9 percent of the total, basically the same proportion as the previous Central Committee. There were also 16 delegates from ethnic minorities, three of whom are women. - China s top banking regulator Guo Shuqing, veteran banker Jiang Chaoliang and securities regulator Liu Shiyu, the three front runners to succeed Zhou Xiaochuan as central bank governor, were all voted onto the Central Committee. (This version of the story corrects the number of ethnic minority members to 16 from 15 in paragraph 12) ",1
16582,China unveils new leadership line-up with no clear successor to Xi,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party broke with recent precedent on Wednesday, unveiling a new leadership line-up without a clear successor to President Xi Jinping, who has become arguably the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao Zedong. Xi led his team in order of rank on to a stage at Beijing s Great Hall of the People, overlooking Tiananmen Square, culminating a week-long party conclave at which he laid out his  vision for an increasingly prosperous China confident of its place on the world stage.  Apart from Xi, Premier Li Keqiang was the only one to retain his spot amid sweeping changes on the Politburo Standing Committee. There has been persistent speculation Xi could seek to stay on in some capacity beyond the end of his customary second five years in power, which began on Wednesday. All seven Standing Committee members are men in their 60s and, for the first time, none was born before China s 1949 Communist revolution. The make-up of the committee, which has ultimate control over the world s second-largest economy, appeared to be a compromise to include a blend of Xi allies and those considered loyal to party elders, including Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao, former presidents whose networks still wield influence. Cheng Li, an expert on Chinese politics at the Brookings Institution, said Xi appeared to have traded securing favorable amendments to the constitution in exchange for a compromise on the make-up of the Standing Committee, a line-up he likened to a  team of rivals . The member considered closest to Xi is Li Zhanshu, who has often accompanied Xi on overseas trips in a chief-of-staff-style role as the head the party s General Office.  Li, who is not related to the premier, was named the third-ranked member, meaning he will most likely assume the role of head of the largely rubber-stamp parliament. That will not be confirmed until parliament meets in March. Xi had already strengthened his hand considerably ahead of the announcement, with his political theory and  Belt and Road  infrastructure-led development strategy put into the party constitution. He was named the party s  core  last year. Guangdong party secretary Hu Chunhua and Chongqing party boss Chen Miner had been previously seen as prominent contenders to succeed Xi among the party s so-called sixth generation of leaders but were not included in the Standing Committee. Instead, both were named to the wider 25-member Politburo, a rung below the Standing Committee.  He s consolidated his power without making unnecessary problems for himself,  said David Zweig, a professor at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.   The costs of keeping Wang Qishan or getting Chen Miner were too high. He didn t need to do it.  Wang, who led Xi s sweeping anti-graft campaign and was considered China s second most-powerful politician, is above retirement age; Chen was comparatively junior.  While the Standing Committee bears the hallmarks of compromise, the new Politburo is stacked with more than a dozen Xi allies, including Chen, Beijing party boss Cai Qi, economic adviser Liu He and Ding Xuexiang, who is expected to become Xi s chief of staff as director of the party s General Office.  Xi has managed to put a lot of his own people there, as much as possible,  said Bo Zhiyue, a New Zealand-based expert on Chinese politics.  Most of Xi s close associates are too junior to be put into the Politburo Standing Committee right away.  Blanket state media coverage made no mention of factional politics or alliances, while an editorial on the official People s Daily s WeChat account hailed the new seven-man line-up as a  dream team  to lead China into its  new era . Xi, who has sought to revitalize the Communist Party s role across Chinese society, made no mention of who his successor might be as he introduced his new Standing Committee at a media event broadcast live around the country. His remarks were translated consecutively into English. Xi did not take questions, but said the party had weathered trials and tribulations.  We will also work with other nations to build a global community with a shared future, and make new and greater contributions to the noble cause of peace and development for all humanity,  he said.  Xi and Li were first promoted to the Standing Committee at the 17th Party Congress in 2007, in a clear signal that the pair would succeed Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao and occupy the top two  offices - which they did five years later.  Zhao Leji, who headed the party s Organisation Department, which oversees personnel decisions, replaced Wang Qishan as chief of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ",1
16583,Peruvians take Glencore to court over police abuse allegations,"(Reuters) - Peruvian villagers suing miner Glencore will argue in London s High Court next week that the company should be held liable over their allegations they were abused by Peruvian police, the law firm representing them said on Tuesday. The allegations, to be presented in a 10-day hearing that starts on Monday, illustrates potential legal risks for mining companies that sign pacts with Peruvian police for the provision of security services at their operations. The lawsuit by 22 Peruvians said that Xstrata, acquired by Glencore in 2013, failed to take reasonable steps to prevent abuses by police in deadly protests at the Tintaya copper mine in 2012, said London law firm Leigh Day. Xstrata paid, fed and provided lodging for police and knew or should have known that Peru s police tend to use excessive force, Leigh Day said. Glencore said Xstrata was not responsible for actions taken by the Peruvian National Police (PNP) in policing the protests and noted that the lawsuit does not allege that Xstrata or the mine s private security force harmed anyone. Xstrata  appealed to the PNP to respect the human rights of protesters before and during the protest,  Glencore said in a statement. Like many mining companies in Peru, Xstrata had signed an agreement with Peru s national police for the provision of security services at Tintaya, which stopped operating in 2013. The agreements, which usually include payment for police, have long been criticized by activists who say it creates a police force loyal to companies instead of the broader public.     Defenders of the agreements say that they allow companies to pay for their policing needs in poor, remote regions where they tend to operate alongside villages that lack basic services. Leigh Day law firm said that a Peruvian villager believed to have been shot by police in the 2012 unrest will attend the hearing. The case will be determined under Peruvian law, the firm said. ",1
16584,German parties in coalition talks agree on no new debt,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Politicians from four German parties seeking to form a first-of-its-kind coalition government agreed on Tuesday not to increase the country s debt load in order to fund sought-after tax cuts, subsidies and investments. Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU), their Christian Social Union (CSU) allies, the liberal Free Democrats and the Greens held a second round of talks after an election last month that saw the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) enter parliament for the first time. The four parties are under pressure to find common ground on contentious issues such as the future of the euro zone and immigration policy, as well as fiscal policy. A paper seen by Reuters that outlines their initial agreement on state spending showed the potential coalition partners want to cut taxes for families with children as well as lower- and middle-income people. They also want to abolish the  solidarity tax , introduced after reunification to support poorer states in eastern Germany, which is due to expire in 2019. The Greens, who before the talks said they opposed sticking to a balanced budget at any cost, appear to have conceded in exchange for a common pledge for subsidies to home owners who make their domiciles more energy efficient. Merkel s CDU and their Bavarian CSU allies lost support in the election to the anti-immigrant AfD, as the party stole many conservative voters angry at her 2015 decision to welcome more than one million migrants into Germany. Weakened after the Sept. 24 vote, Merkel is now seeking to form a four-way coalition untested at the national level that will secure her a fourth term as chancellor.  We are very satisfied with the (talks) this evening,  CDU General Secretary Peter Tauber told reporters after the talks.  It was a very good evening.  His positive assessment of the second round of exploratory talks was shared by counterparts from the CSU, FDP and Greens. A report by Merkel s CDU last week found that Germany s next government would have less fiscal room than expected. It also determined that the next government would have only 30 billion euros ($35.29 billion) free for new projects over the next four years if there is no new debt taken on - as has been the case since 2014.  The four parties  demands amount to over 100 billion euros in additional spending. The initial fiscal blueprint agreed on Tuesday did not say how the parties will fund their projects. It said they would explore fiscal flexibility measures at later rounds of talks. ",1
16585,German parties in coalition talks agree to stick to balanced budget,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Politicians from four German parties seeking to form a coalition government agreed on Tuesday to stick to the policy of balanced budget, a document seen by Reuters showed. Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats, their Christian Social Union Bavarian allies, the Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats also agreed to explore at later talks what fiscal flexibility they have to fund investments and tax cuts.     ",1
16586,Brazil's top court suspends controversial slavery decree,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s Supreme Court has suspended a decree issued by President Michel Temer s government changing the definition of slavery that was widely condemned as a reversal in the fight against forced labor. In her decision taken on Monday and made public on Tuesday, Justice Rosa Weber said the decree s reduction of the scope of what is considered slave labor violated the constitution. Weber also argued that the measure could hurt Brazil s trade relations since other countries could complain that slave labor was a form of unfair competition. Faced with an outpouring of criticism, the government said on Friday that it would pull the decree and issue a new one. In Brazil, forced labor has been defined as a form of modern-day slavery. This includes debt bondage, degrading work conditions, and long work hours that pose a risk to a worker s health or life, and violate their dignity. Human rights campaigners said the decree issued by the labor ministry on Monday changed the way slavery was defined, limiting it to a victim s freedom of movement but disregarding other abuses. The decree, supported by Brazil s powerful farm lobby, would derail enforcement efforts that have freed 50,000 workers from slavery-like conditions since 1995, federal prosecutors and labor inspectors said. Temer opponents said he bowed to pressure from the farm lobby to modify the decree at a time when he is relying on the group s votes in Congress on Wednesday to block corruption charges against him.  In exchange for support to escape a criminal trial, Temer promised the farm lobby goods he cannot deliver,  said lawmaker Alessandro Molon of the leftist Sustainability Network, the party that asked the court to stop the decree. Molon called the slave labor decree one the most  abject bargains  in the country s history. ",1
16587,Brazil's Temer makes concessions to survive in office,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s President Michel Temer has made policy and spending concessions in an effort to survive a congressional vote on corruption charges Wednesday that has put his reform agenda at risk, analysts and political actors said. To please the powerful farm lobby that has two-fifths of the votes in the lower house, Temer agreed to lower fines for environmental damage. He attempted to relax a definition of slave labor but was forced to backtrack after an outcry. In the clearest move to favor an ally, the Republican Party that has 37 seats in the 512-seat chamber and runs the Transport Ministry, Temer removed Sao Paulo s busy and lucrative Congonhas airport from a list of airports to be privatized. The party has appointees in the ministry and state airport operator Infraero. Critics and political observers say Temer has sacrificed austerity policies to save his presidency but will emerge from Wednesday s vote a weakened leader unable to pass substantial measures, such as an overhaul of the pension system. Temer faces charges in a bribery case based on testimony by an owner of the world s largest meatpacker JBS SA that has implicated several of his cabinet ministers. The lower house decides whether a president should stand trial before the Supreme Court, which can only take place if two-thirds of deputies vote for it.   He will survive because he has a majority, though not my vote because I believe there is enough evidence to put him on trial by the Supreme Court,  said Fabio Sousa, a lawmaker of the centrist the Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB), a member of Temer s governing coalition. Temer managed to block a first corruption charge in August. Now he faces charges of obstruction of justice and criminal organization for allegedly receiving bribes from JBS. Temer has met with dozens of lawmakers in recent days to secure their votes. Presidential aides said he hopes to widen his margin of support so that he can move ahead with his reforms, paralyzed for six months by the political crisis. Those votes come at a cost, in pork-barrel spending. According to public spending watchdog Contas Abertas, Temer fast-tracked spending in congressional districts worth 4.4 billion reais ($1.3 billion) to help win the first vote, and is now hitting the 2 billion real mark ahead of Wednesday s vote. O Globo newspaper estimated the cost of Temer s handouts to taxpayers at 12 billion reais, half of which would have come  from the planned airport concession auction. Yet most analysts believe Temer will get less votes this time, because lawmakers have started to distance themselves from his government ahead of next year s general elections.  After this vote, Temer will become a lame duck president. It will be very difficult for him to pass any reforms,  said David Fleischer, politics professor emeritus at Brasilia University. Investors are waiting to see if Temer can deliver a pension reform to tackle a budget deficit that cost brazil its investment grade credit rating.  If he does get social security reform approved, it will be badly watered down,  Fleischer said. ",1
16588,Morocco's king fires ministers over slow progress in restive tribal area,"RABAT (Reuters) - Morocco s king dismissed several ministers and top officials on Tuesday for failing to improve the economic situation in a region shaken by protests, a statement said. Protests erupted in the Rif region around the northern city of Al-Hoceima last October, triggered by the death of a fishmonger whose produce was confiscated by police.  The man s crushing to death in a garbage truck during a confrontation with police became a symbol of corruption and official abuse. Protests, also fueled by economic underdevelopment, continued there this year. Morocco s King Mohammed dismissed the ministers of education, planning and housing and health, as well as other officials, after an economic agency found  imbalances  in implementing a development plan, state news agency MAP reported, citing a palace statement. Political protests are rare in Morocco, where the palace remains the ultimate power. The protests, the largest in Morocco since the days of the 2011  Arab Spring , were directed at the government and the king s entourage rather than the monarch himself. The king s move came as protest leader Nasser Zefzafi and 29 others accused of organizing demonstrations in the northern region went on trial in Casablanca. They face charges ranging from conspiring against the state to protesting without authorization. Zefzaki s lawyer told Reuters he could be sentenced to death in a worst-case scenario. The judge adjourned the session until Oct 31. Zefzaki s supporters protested in front of the court while some 70 lawyers attended the trial. The protest movement was born after Fikri s death. Police confiscated fish they said he had bought illegally and dumped it in a garbage truck. Desperate to recover his stock, Fikri jumped inside and was killed by a rubbish crusher. In July the king pardoned dozens of people arrested in the protests and blamed the failure of local officials to quickly implement development projects for stoking public anger. ",1
16589,Mozambique's president dismisses head of intelligence and army chief,"MAPUTO (Reuters) - Mozambique has fired its head of intelligence and army chief of staff, two weeks after 16 people were killed in attacks in the north of the country, the presidency said on Tuesday.  Lagos Lidimo was dismissed as director general of information and state security service; he will be replaced by Julio Jane, previously the commander of police, Mozambique President Filipe Nyusi said in a statement. Gra a Chongo has been dismissed as army chief, with no replacement named.  The presidency did not provide reasons for the dismissals, which were effective immediately.  Earlier this month, police and unidentified gunmen clashed in the Indian Ocean port of Mocimboa da Praia, leaving 16 people dead, two of them police officers. The motive for the attacks was not clear. Local media have reported that the attack was carried out by Islamists, but the government has not confirmed that. ",1
16590,"New wave of cyber attacks hits Russia, other nations","KIEV/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Cyber attacks using malware called  BadRabbit  hit Russia and other nations on Tuesday, affecting Russian Interfax news agency and causing flight delays at Ukraine s Odessa airport. While no major outages were reported, the U.S. government issued a warning on the attack, which followed campaigns in May and June that used similar malware and resulted in what some economists estimated are billions of dollars in losses. The attacks are disturbing because attackers quickly infected critical infrastructure, including transportation operators, indicating it was a  well-coordinated  campaign, said  Robert Lipovsky, a researcher with cyber firm ESET. More than half the victims were in Russia, followed by Ukraine, Bulgaria, Turkey and Japan, according to ESET.  The U.S. Department of Homeland Security issued a warning on the BadRabbit ransomware, a type of virus that locks up infected computers and asks victims to pay a ransom to restore access. It did not identify any U.S. victims but advised the public to refrain from paying ransoms and report any infections to the Federal Bureau of Investigation through the government s Internet Crime Complaint Center. Ransomware infections have the potential to halt activity at targeted organizations. The May  WannaCry  ransomware shuttered hospitals, factories and other facilities around the globe for days.  Interfax, one of Russia s largest news agencies, said some of its services were hit by the attack but expected them to be back online by the end of Tuesday. An Odessa airport spokesman said a few flights were delayed because workers had to process passenger data manually. Kiev s metro system reported a hack on its payment system but said trains were running normally.  Ukraine s cyber police chief told Reuters the country was  barely affected.  Russian cyber-security firm Kaspersky Lab said BadRabbit appeared to spread through a mechanism similar to June s destructive NotPetya virus, which took down many Ukrainian government agencies and businesses. It then spread across corporate networks of multinationals with operations or suppliers in eastern Europe. Kaspersky said it was investigating to see whether BadRabbit was related to NotPetya.  Ukrainian banking services, which have been hit by previous attacks, were unaffected, according to the nation s central bank. ",1
16591,Brazil's Temer signs tax renegotiation program into law,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer on Tuesday signed into law a new program for companies to renegotiate their overdue tax bills, providing extra revenue to cover a gaping budget deficit. The program, known as Refis, has collected 10.9 billion reais ($3.4 billion) in back taxes this year for the Treasury. Earlier this month, the Senate approved greater discounts to taxpayers in the program, depriving the cash-strapped government of about 3 billion reais. ",1
16592,"Argentina midterm vote leaves Peronism divided, leaderless","BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - The victory of Argentine President Mauricio Macri s coalition in midterm elections on Sunday marked a resounding defeat of Peronism, one of Latin America s best-known political movements, leaving it divided and with no clear leader. In particular, a win by Macri s candidate over former President Cristina Fernandez in Buenos Aires province, the cradle of Peronism, diminishes her chances of returning to the presidency in 2019 and opens the door to a new era of business friendly reforms. While it is too soon to call the end of Peronism as a political force, the  Let s Change  movement founded by Macri, a former businessman and soccer mogul, has introduced a generation of new politicians who are less interested in dwelling on the emotion and imagery of Argentina s past than their predecessors.  We know that if we win, there will be renewal in Congress, but above all that people will accept that the country has changed,  Macri s chief campaign strategist Jaime Duran Barba said in a recent interview ahead of the election. He pointed to Buenos Aires governor, 44-year-old Maria Eugenia Vidal, and 51-year-old Buenos Aires City Mayor, Horacio Rodriguez Larreta, both from Macri s coalition, as examples of the leaders of the future. Macri s coalition won close to 42 percent of the national vote on Sunday, when Argentina elected a third of the Senate and half the lower chamber. That still leaves Macri short of a majority in Congress but new alliances should enable him to pass tax, capital market and labor reforms. Fernandez, who succeeded her late husband Nestor Kirchner in 2007, won two presidential elections thanks to nationalist appeals and generous social welfare programs.  She drew comparisons to Eva Peron, whose support for the country s poor means she is still adored by many working class Argentines 65 years after her death.  Evita,  as she is known worldwide, was the wife of General Juan Peron, the founder of the Peronist movement. Focused on workers  rights, its economic policies have veered from protectionist to free-market and it defies easy classification. In different forms, it has been Argentina s dominant political force since the 1940s. Argentina s electoral list system guaranteed Fernandez a Senate seat and some political influence with her second-place finish, but she lost by more than four percentage points to Macri s little-known former education minister in the bellwether province that is home to nearly 40 percent of voters. In October, 57 percent of Buenos Aires province citizens said they would never vote for Fernandez, according to a poll by Management & Fit. Pollster Poliarquia said that, nationwide, 53 percent of Argentines have a negative view of Fernandez, while 30 percent have a positive view.  Many Argentines blame Fernandez for isolating them economically with protectionist policies and cutting the country off from international capital markets. Now the center of a number of corruption investigations, Fernandez personally denies committing graft, though she admits there may have been corruption in her government.   Peronism today is rebuilding itself, leaving behind a very negative era,  said Enrique Zuleta Puceiro, director of pollster OPSM.  There are not any leaders with high levels of national influence.  With less clout in Congress, moderate Peronist governors are weighing joining Macri s reform agenda or abandoning their political careers. They have distanced themselves from Fernandez, who formed a new party for the election. Macri told Reuters in August that he could negotiate with a new generation of Peronist governors like Juan Manuel Urtubey of Salta and Sergio Unac of San Juan, who worked with him to reach an agreement to cut spending.  If Peronism does not renew itself it is destined to disappear,  Urtubey told Perfil newspaper, before his coalition in Salta lost heavily to Macri s allies in the election. Since taking office in late 2015, Macri has worked to literally dismantle Peronist symbols, taking down portraits and closing museums to get rid of their cultural legacies. However, given its historical weight and habit of renovation, most analysts say it is too soon to write Peronism s obituary.  Giving up Peronism for dead, thinking it will remain fragmented and confused until 2019, I believe is an error,  said Marcos Buscaglia, founding partner at Buenos Aires political and economic consultancy Alberdi Partners.  Paula Alonso, director of the Latin American and Hemispheric Studies Program at George Washington University, said Argentina s former Peronist leaders - including Peron himself, Carlos Menem, and the Kirchners - had generally risen swiftly to power from relative obscurity.      It s unpredictable in many ways, and therefore it is always relevant,  she said.  ",1
16593,Iran sentences 'Mossad agent' to death over scientist killings,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iran has sentenced to death a person found guilty of providing information to Israel to help it assassinate several senior nuclear scientists, Tehran s prosecutor said on Tuesday. Dolatabadi did not identify the defendant, but Amnesty International said on Monday that Ahmadreza Djalali, an Iranian doctor who studied and taught in Sweden, had been sentenced to death in Iran on espionage charges. At least four scientists were killed between 2010 and 2012 in what Tehran said was a program of assassinations aimed at sabotaging its nuclear energy program. Iran hanged one man in 2012 over the killings, saying he had links to Israel. On the latest conviction, Tehran prosecutor Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi told the judiciary s news agency:  The person had several meetings with (Israeli intelligence agency) Mossad and provided them with sensitive information about Iran s military and nuclear sites in return for money and residency in Sweden.   The headline of the report described the convicted person as a  Mossad agent . Amnesty said the court verdict against Djalali stated that he had worked with the Israeli government which then helped him obtain a Swedish residency permit.  Neither Iran nor Amnesty said when the verdict was issued. Sweden condemned the sentence and said it had raised the matter with Iranian representatives in Stockholm and Tehran.  We condemn the use of the death penalty in all its forms. The death penalty is an inhuman, cruel and irreversible punishment that has no place in modern law,  Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom said in an emailed comment. Djalali, a doctor and lecturer at Stockholm medical university the Karolinska Institute, was arrested in April 2016 and held without access to a lawyer for seven months, three of which were in solitary confinement, according to London-based Amnesty.   Djalali was sentenced to death after a grossly unfair trial that once again exposes not only the Iranian authorities  steadfast commitment to (the) use of the death penalty but their utter contempt for the rule of law,  said Philip Luther, Amnesty s Middle East advocacy director. The United States has denied Iran s accusation that it was involved in the scientists  deaths, while Israel has a policy of not commenting on such allegations. Dolatabadi said the convicted person gave Mossad information about 30 nuclear and military scientists including Massoud Ali Mohammadi, who was killed by a remote-controlled bomb attached to a motorcycle outside his home in Tehran. The judiciary said the defendant was also linked to the assassination of nuclear engineer Majid Shahriari, killed in a bomb attack in November 2010. Djalali s wife Vida Mehrannia, who lives in Sweden with their two children, has told Amnesty that his physical and mental health has sharply deteriorated since he was detained.   We are calling for his release because he has not committed any crime,  Amnesty quoted her as saying. The vice-chancellor of the Karolinska Institute, where Djalali received his PhD in disaster medicine in 2012, said he was deeply concerned.  For many years, he has worked with researchers from all over the world to improve the capacity of hospitals in countries suffering from extreme poverty or affected by disasters and armed conflicts,  Ole Petter Ottersen said in a statement published on the university s website.  We ask that Dr Djalali be subjected to due process and fair trial.  ",1
16594,U.S. condemns Russia veto of probe into Syria chemical weapons use,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is  very disappointed  that Russia on Tuesday cast a veto at the United Nations Security Council against renewing a mandate to continue an investigation into who was responsible for the use of chemical weapons during Syria s civil war.   We are disappointed, we are very disappointed that Russia put what it considered to be political considerations over the Syrian people who were so brutally murdered,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a regular briefing. ",1
16595,"Amid visa row, Turkey's Justice Ministry cancels U.S. visit","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s Justice Ministry said on Tuesday it had canceled a planned study visit to the United States due to the widening diplomatic row between the countries over the issuing of visas. Local media earlier reported that U.S. authorities had rejected visa requests from members of the delegation, but the Justice Ministry said it had taken the initiative and canceled the trip.  Due to the recent visa crisis between the two countries, the visit was canceled by our Ministry,  it said in a statement, adding that there were no visa applications to be rejected. The delegation had planned a study visit to the United States, at the invitation of U.S. authorities, between Oct. 29 and Nov. 4, the ministry said. The pro-government Daily Sabah newspaper said the delegation had planned to study the U.S. penal system and visit American prisons.  Washington this month stopped issuing visas at its missions in Turkey, citing safety concerns for its staff following the arrest of two U.S. consular staff, both Turkish nationals.  The crisis has weighed on the lira currency and alarmed some investors. On Tuesday, a group of leading Turkish and U.S. businesses urged both governments to resolve the dispute. In May, a translator at the U.S. consulate in the southern province of Adana was arrested and, more recently, a Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) worker was detained in Istanbul. Both are accused of links to last year  failed coup. The U.S. embassy has said the accusations are baseless. Turkish police want to question a third worker based in Istanbul. His wife and daughter were detained over alleged links to the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, blamed by Ankara for orchestrating the abortive putsch. They were later released. Turkey has been angered by what it sees as U.S. reluctance to hand over the cleric Gulen, who has lived in Pennsylvania since 1999. U.S. officials have said its courts require sufficient evidence to order his extradition Gulen denies any involvement in the failed coup. More than 150,000 people in the police, civil service and private sector have been sacked or suspended from their jobs in the crackdown that followed the failed putsch. Some 50,000 have been detained.  Rights groups and Turkey s Western allies have expressed concern that Turkey using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. Ankara says the measures are necessary, given the extent of the security threat it faces.   Turkey has also been enraged by Washington s support for the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia in the fight against Islamic State. Turkey regards the YPG as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK). ",1
16596,Turkey's Justice Ministry says it canceled delegation visit,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s Justice Ministry said on Tuesday said it had canceled a planned delegation visit to the United States due to the on-going visa crisis, denying local media reports that Washington had rejected to grant the delegation travel visas. CNN Turk and other local media earlier reported that U.S. authorities had declined to grant visas to members of the delegation.   Due to the recent visa crisis between the two countries, the visit was canceled by our Ministry,  the Justice Ministry said in a statement, adding that there were no visa applications to be rejected.   ",1
16597,U.S. weighs calling Myanmar's Rohingya crisis 'ethnic cleansing',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The State Department is considering formally declaring the crackdown on Myanmar s Rohingya Muslims to be ethnic cleansing, U.S. officials said on Tuesday, as lawmakers called for sanctions against the Southeast Asian country s military. Pressure has mounted for a tougher U.S. response to the Rohingya crisis ahead of President Donald Trump s maiden visit to Asia next month when he will attend a summit of Southeast Asian countries, including Myanmar, in Manila. U.S. officials are preparing a recommendation for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson that would define the military-led campaign against the Rohingya as ethnic cleansing, which could spur new sanctions, the U.S. government sources said. The proposal - part of an overall review of Myanmar policy - could be sent to Tillerson as early as this week, and he would then decide whether to adopt it, according to the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity. More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled Rakhine state in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, mostly to neighboring Bangladesh, since security forces responded to Rohingya militants  attacks on Aug. 25 by launching a crackdown. The United Nations has already denounced it as a classic example of ethnic cleansing. Three U.S. officials testifying at a Senate hearing on Tuesday declined to say whether the treatment of the Rohingya  was ethnic cleansing, but listed new measures including targeted sanctions that Washington is considering. Those steps, however, stopped short of the most drastic tools at Washington s disposal such as reimposing broader economic sanctions suspended under the Obama administration.  I m not in a position ... to characterize it today, but to me this very closely resembles some of the worst kind of atrocities that I ve seen during a long career,  Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Mark Storella said when pressed to say whether he viewed the situation as ethnic cleansing. Senator Ben Cardin, the ranking Democrat on the Foreign Affairs Committee, said he considered the treatment of the Rohingya  genocide  and is working on bipartisan legislation that could spell out whether additional sanctions are needed. Myanmar, also known as Burma, insists that action was needed to combat  terrorists.  The recommendation to Tillerson - first reported by the Associated Press - is not expected to include a determination on whether  crimes against humanity  have been committed, as this would require further legal deliberations, one U.S. official said.  The State Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Some U.S. lawmakers criticized Aung San Suu Kyi, head of Myanmar s civilian-led government and a Nobel peace laureate once hugely popular in Washington, for failing to do more. Senator Bob Corker, Republican chairman of the committee, chided Suu Kyi for what he called  dismissiveness  toward the plight of the Rohingya and said it might be time for a  policy adjustment  toward Myanmar. At the hearing, Patrick Murphy, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian And Pacific Affairs, said additional  sanctions were being considered, but cautioned that doing so could lessen Washington s ability to influence Myanmar. ",1
16598,Africa eyes senior Trump envoy visit for U.S. policy hints,"ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley arrived in Ethiopia on Monday, one of the first senior members of President Donald Trump s administration to visit Africa, on a trip diplomats hope will shed light on his plans to engage with the continent. Africa is traditionally overshadowed by more urgent issues, and the Trump administration has so far been hands-off. After meetings on Monday with Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn and a senior African Union official, Haley told reporters she hoped this was the beginning of  a stronger relationship with the AU and our African partners.    The United States very much sees Africa as a very important part of the world. We see great opportunities in Africa, we see challenges in Africa, but we want to support and help in those situations,  Haley said.    But most importantly we want to see how we can partner together, whether that is through economic development, whether it is through strategic practices, whether it s through political solutions,  she said.  Trump has been vocal about North Korea, Iran and tackling Islamic State militants during his first nine months in office, but said little about Africa until he held a lunch last month with nine leaders on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly. It was there he announced he would send Haley to South Sudan and Democratic Republic of Congo to help with efforts to broker peace in both countries. Millions of people have been displaced by ongoing violence, with U.N. peacekeeping missions deployed in both, each costing more than $1 billion annually. Haley plans to take a critical look at the U.N. operations during her visits. Haley said she also plans to meet with South Sudan President Salva Kiir and Congolese President Joseph Kabila to  deliver a strong message that their governments need to stop making the work of aid workers and peace-keepers more difficult.  Some African diplomats hope Haley s trip will spark a conversation in Washington on the administration s broader engagement with Africa.   We hope that after this trip the administration will sit down and maybe before the end of the year we can hear their Africa strategy,  said a senior African diplomat at the United Nations, speaking on condition of anonymity.  We would have wished it was earlier, but it s never too late.  Haley s visit to Africa comes after four U.S. soldiers were killed during an Oct. 4 ambush in Niger.  The Niger crisis has shown that they can t take a hands-off approach to (Africa). They have to remain engaged because they have boots on the ground,  said a second senior African diplomat at the United Nations, also speaking on condition of anonymity. At his lunch with African leaders, Trump said there was  tremendous business potential  and he has friends  trying to get rich  in Africa. But he also noted the threat from militants such as Islamic State, al-Shabaab, Boko Haram and al Qaeda.  The United States is proud to work with you to eradicate terrorist safe havens,  he said.  And a number of you have told me ... that we ve been doing a very good job over the last six or seven months in particular.  However, in June the United States said it did not want the United Nations to fund a proposed African force to fight Islamist militants in West Africa, U.N. diplomats said. France on Friday pushed Washington to step up support for the force so it does not fail, leaving French troops to carry the burden. Haley has been campaigning to cut U.N. peacekeeping costs, since the United States is the largest contributor. U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein bluntly summed up U.S. global engagement on Thursday as  caught somewhere between isolationism and militarism, with no clear direction in foreign policy apart from a few notable, exceptional, files.  As with most of the key regional bureaus at the U.S. State Department, there is currently no permanent chief diplomat for Africa. Rather, the Bureau of African Affairs is led by career diplomat Don Yamamoto as an acting assistant secretary of state. While Yamamoto is an experienced Africa hand, diplomats say that leading any of the agency s regional bureaus in an acting capacity means that an official is not perceived abroad as having the full backing of the White House and has more limited influence at home within the U.S. bureaucracy.  They seem to be relying very heavily on their ambassadors on the ground and not having a Washington-centric approach to their relationship with Africa,  said the second diplomat.  Haley s colleague in Trump s cabinet, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, traveled to the West African nation of Togo in August to review a free trade pact with sub-Saharan Africa, but talks ended with no decision. In April Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited an important U.S. military base in Djibouti. ",1
16599,Portugal government survives no confidence vote over fires,"LISBON (Reuters) - Portugal s government on Tuesday survived a no confidence vote in parliament called by the opposition which alleged the government had failed to protect the lives of 110 people who died in two wildfire tragedies in the past four months. This year s fires in Portugal - one in June which killed 65 people and others last week which overwhelmed fire-fighting services and killed 45 people - are the worst on record and led to the resignation of the interior minister. The motion was presented by the center-right CDS-PP after a  barrage of criticism of the Socialist government of Prime Minister Antonio Costa. But the Socialists, together with their far-left parliamentary allies, the Communists and Left Bloc, rejected the motion in parliament by 122 to 105. The lethal wildfires are the biggest challenge faced by the government since it came to power in 2015 and have highlighted a glaring divide between the poor, abandoned interior of Portugal and its coastal, urban centers.   The government failed because its political leaders didn t know how to coordinate or execute a policy capable of stopping the fires,  CDS-PP party leader Assuncao Cristas told parliament during the debate.  Thousands of Portuguese waited for help which never came.  The government says extraordinary weather conditions, including unusually strong winds and extreme drought, made the fires very difficult to avoid. Portugal s yearly summer fires rarely kill civilians. Facing a growing backlash, including protests and demands for action by the president, the government announced a series of measures at the weekend.  We are here because the suffering of the victims and their families and the feeling of insecurity of the Portuguese demands a response,  Prime Minister Costa told parliament during the debate on the motion.  A report on the fire in June pointed to a long list of mistakes, including slow response times by the police, firefighters and civil protection agency. A special communication system for emergencies stopped working during the fire. This year s fires in Portugal accounted for 60 percent of the total area burnt in the entire European Union. Portugal is equal to 2.1 percent of the EU s landmass. In the interior, many have clamored for years for deep changes to land management to prevent fires, by creating viable forestry and farm units that will make land more valuable.   ",1
16600,Italy calls confidence votes in Senate on new electoral law,"ROME (Reuters) - Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni s government on Tuesday called a series of confidence votes to pass a new electoral law as the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, which is likely to be hurt by the new legislation, pledged to protest on the streets. The government is resorting to the confidence votes to avoid secret voting in the Senate, where it has a narrow majority and at least four members of the ruling Democratic Party have said they will not cast a ballot. The confidence votes will be held by open ballot starting on Wednesday afternoon, with the final confidence vote to be held on Thursday. The government is forced to resign if it loses such a vote.  A centrist group that is not formally part of the government s majority has said it will provide up to 10 votes to help pass the law if needed. The bill, dubbed the Rosatellum, is supported by the Democratic Party (PD) and mainstream center-right opposition parties. It favors parties which group together ahead of the election.  It is likely to hurt 5-Star, which refuses to join any alliance, and left-wing parties that do not want to join a coalition with the PD. The 5-Star Movement, which tops many opinion polls, has called a street protest in front of the Senate for Wednesday afternoon, against what it sees as an attempt by its mainstream rivals to scupper its chances at the election.  It will be joined by the leftist Democratic and Progressive Movement (MDP), which split from the PD this year, and other small left-wing groups.   Apart from the PD, the legislation is supported by Silvio Berlusconi s center-right Forza Italia (Go Italy!) and the right-wing Northern League. The Rosatellum is the best compromise possible among political adversaries, according to the PD parliamentary party leader, Ettore Rosato, after whom the reform has been named. In two separate rulings, the Constitutional Court struck down previous laws, leaving the upper and lower houses with different rules. President Sergio Mattarella has called on parliament to come up with a mew electoral law that applies equally to both houses before a national vote, due by May of next year.  All previous attempts to harmonize the rules have failed, most recently in June when dissident deputies used a secret vote to up-end part of the proposed legislation. While the current law would harmonize rules for both houses, polls suggest it will not hand any coalition or party a clear mandate to govern.  The proposed election law would distribute almost two-thirds of the seats in parliament on a proportional basis, while a third would be decided in a first-past-the-post vote on specific candidates. Coalitions would need to get 10 percent of the national vote to get into parliament, while parties running alone would need only 3 percent. Candidates would be chosen by party chiefs. ",1
16601,"Macron avoids 'lecturing' Egypt on rights, Sisi defends his record","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday it was not up to him to  lecture  Egypt on civil liberties, but told its visiting leader Abdel Fattah al-Sisi that strengthening human rights was in its interest. Sisi, denying accusations by human rights groups that he had allowed his forces to use torture, told a Paris news conference:  We do not practice torture and ... we must be wary of all the information published by rights organizations.  With both France and Egypt concerned by the political vacuum in Libya and the threat from jihadist groups in Egypt, the two countries have cultivated even closer economic and military ties during Sisi s rise to power. But rights organizations have accused France under Macron of turning a blind eye to what they say are increasing violations of freedoms by Sisi s government as the 2018 presidential elections approach.  I believe in the sovereignty of states, and therefore, just as I don t accept being lectured on how to govern my country, I don t lecture others,  Macron said at a joint news conference with Sisi in Paris following talks.  My deeply held conviction is that it s in President Sisi s interest to accompany the defense and consolidation of human rights by the Egyptian state, in the context that only he can be the judge of,  the French president said. During their 50-minute meeting, Macron brought up the issue of a dozen cases of alleged abuses of freedoms, in particular relating to Egyptian journalists and human rights activists, sources close to Macron said. Sisi, replying to journalists  questions, said he was responsible for 100 million Egyptians who lived in turbulent times and alongside people who followed  extremist thought  and did not like to co-exist in peace.  When it comes to human rights, we re not evading an answer but I hope that we understand it in its true context of a country in Egypt s situation. We are not in Europe, with its intellectual, cultural, civilization and human advancement. We re in a different region.   In a report in September, Human Rights Watch (HRW) denounced  widespread and systematic  use of torture by Egyptian security forces. The United Nations on Oct. 13 condemned an anti-gay crackdown in Egypt. It also slammed French  indulgence  towards repression in Egypt. Rights  groups accuse France of abandoning principles in favor of economic and security interests. They are particularly critical of the relationship between Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian who in his previous role as defense minister developed a personal relationship with Sisi.  French officials dismiss the criticism and say the new administration is following a policy of not openly criticizing countries over human rights so as to be more effective in private and work on a case by case basis. Reacting to a lack of progress in respecting human rights and on democratic standards, the United States decided in August to freeze the payment of $195 million in military aid to Egypt. Under the previous government, France concluded several major military agreements with Egypt, including the sale of 24 Rafale combat aircraft, a multi-mission frigate and two Mistral warships in contracts worth some six billion euros. France will discuss the possible sale of more Rafale aircrafts with Sisi, French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said earlier on Tuesday. ",1
16602,South Africa's Zuma asks court to reject call for inquiry into influence-peddling,"PRETORIA (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma has asked the High Court to reject a call by an anti-corruption watchdog for an official inquiry into alleged influence-peddling in his government. A report a year ago by South Africa s anti-graft agency known as Public Protector recommended a judicial probe be held to look into allegations of systemic corruption by Zuma, some of his ministers and heads of state-owned companies. The report focused on allegations that Zuma s friends, businessman brothers Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta, had influenced the appointment of ministers. The 75-year-old Zuma, whose rule has long been dogged by scandal, and the Gupta brothers have denied the accusations. The president, who previously described the  State of Capture  report as  unfair  in parliament, wants the court to send it back to the watchdog for further investigations. He questioned the right of the report s author, Public Protector former head Thuli Madonsela, to call for a judicial inquiry. The report, whose public release Zuma had sought to block through the courts, called for an inquiry be set up by the president and for a judge to be appointed within 30 days of its release.  Is she competent to then direct the president to hold a commission on inquiry? With respect to this submission, she s not,  Zuma s lawyer Ishmael Semenya told the court, referring to Madonsela. The hearing is expected to continue until Thursday and a ruling is expected at a later date. Zuma this year faced a series of corruption allegations, most recently over leaked emails that suggest the Gupta brothers may have used their influence to secure state contracts for their companies. Zuma and the Gupta brothers have denied these allegations. Separately, Zuma is facing the possibility of more court charges. The Supreme Court this month upheld a High Court ruling to reinstate 783 corruption charges filed against him before he became president in 2009. The National Prosecuting Authority is expected to make a decision on whether to charge Zuma. ",1
16603,Russia vetoes extension of mission probing chemical weapons use in Syria,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia cast a veto at the United Nations Security Council on Tuesday preventing the renewal of the mandate for a mission that investigates the use of chemical weapons in Syria. The investigation by the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) - known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) - was unanimously created by the 15-member U.N. Security Council in 2015 and renewed in 2016 for another year. Its mandate is due to expire in mid-November. The JIM is due to report by Oct. 26 on who was responsible for an attack on April 4 on the town of Khan Sheikhoun, held by the opposition to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, that killed dozens of people. Russia wanted to discuss the report before voting on the extension of the mandate, and its U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia unsuccessfully asked to postpone the vote.  Don t try to create the impression that the JIM will be a dead letter unless we adopt this resolution today,  Nebenzia said prior to the vote.  We are ready to return to extending the JIM after the publication of the report and after we discuss it after the 26 of October.  A separate OPCW fact-finding mission determined in June that the banned nerve agent sarin had been used in the Khan Sheikhoun attack, which prompted the United States to launch missiles on a Syrian air base.  Russia has once again demonstrated it will do whatever it takes to ensure the barbaric Assad regime never faces consequences for its continued use of chemicals as weapons,  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, traveling in Africa, said in a statement. After the vote, Nebenzia said the elimination of chemical weapons in Syria had nearly finished. In its most recent report late last month, the OPCW said it had verified the destruction of 25 of the 27 chemical weapons production facilities declared by Syria and continued to prepare an inspection to confirm the current condition of the last two. China abstained from Tuesday s vote, while Bolivia joined Russia in voting no. Eleven countries voted in favor of the text. ",1
16604,Missing persons agency opens high-tech global HQ in Netherlands,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - The organization that identified tens of thousands of victims from the Balkan wars of the 1990s opened a new global headquarters in the Netherlands on Tuesday from where it will take on new cases around the world. The International Commission on Missing Persons (ICMP), established after the 1995 Srebrenica genocide, will use the latest DNA technology to identify bodies and give families of the missing closure.  There are millions of reported cases of missing persons worldwide, with as many as a million in Iraq, tens of thousands in Syria and Lebanon and many more from Colombia to the Philippines.   The numbers are staggering,  said ICMP head Kathyrne Bomberger.  Moving here increases the perception that we are a global organization and understand that the issue of missing persons itself is a huge global problem that isn t just in the western Balkans.   The ICMP, which has identified 20,000 remains and provided evidence in 30 criminal trials, will continue to work with war crimes courts in The Hague, including the genocide trial of former Bosnian Serb General Ratko Mladic, who will hear a verdict next month. The advanced application of DNA technology, which has now made it possible to use samples from distant family members to create comparable DNA profiles, could also be used to help identify undocumented migrants.   We are now on the brink of a new level of being able to roll out this possibility to missing migrants, including the 10,000 children missing in Europe,  she said.  Normally when people go missing from conflict or human rights abuses they are never found.  The ICMP has been asked by Italy to help identify around 8,000 bodies of migrants who drowned trying to get to Europe, but it does not yet have the funding. One family member the organization has helped find closure is Ingrid Gudmundsson. The 72-year-old grandmother lost her pregnant daughter Linda and 1-year-old granddaughter Mira when the 2005 Indian Ocean Tsunami hit the Khao Lak resort in Thailand.   Everything changed in my life,  she said in an interview ahead of the opening.  What does a mother do when her family is missing on the other side of the earth?  Her granddaughter Mira was too young to have dental records, so she provided the laboratory with a toy from which a DNA profile was compiled.  It was very important to get them identified, all of them,  she said, recalling the agony of weeks when they were missing.  Now I have them together in the same place.  ",1
16605,Kenya police disperse protesters as Odinga tempers vote protest call,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police fired teargas and shots in the air to scatter a small number of demonstrators in Nairobi two days before elections, as the main opposition leader appeared to pull back from a call for protests during the vote. In the western city of Kisumu, around 2,000 demonstrators marched on the election board offices, witnesses said, heeding Raila Odinga s appeal for protests against Thursday s repeat presidential ballot, before dispersing peacefully. Odinga is boycotting the contest against incumbent Uhuru Kenyatta. He says it will not be free and fair as the election board had made insufficient progress towards reforms he demanded after the original election held in August was annulled. Odinga had urged his supporters to ensure the new vote did not take place, repeatedly saying there would be  no elections . But on Tuesday he told the BBC he was not calling for protests on election day itself.  We have not told people to protest on polling day. We have not said that at all. We have told people to stay away,  he said in a radio interview. When called for clarification, Odinga s spokesman said he was saying  peaceful protests  would still take place and that the opposition would fully explain their plans on Wednesday.  At least 49 people have died in political violence since the August ballot, evoking unwelcome memories of the aftermath of a disputed 2007 vote, when more than 1,200 people were killed.  On Tuesday evening, the bodyguard of the deputy chief justice was shot and wounded as he bought flowers by the side of the road, police said.  The motive for the shooting was unclear, but it is likely to add to the tense atmosphere surrounding the vote. Judges have received threats since they nullified the August result.  The political stand-off has blunted growth in East Africa s richest economy, a nation which values its stability and relative freedom in a region plagued by conflict.  Kenya s Supreme Court is still hearing several cases challenging the legality of Thursday s election.  One, brought by human rights activist Khelef Khalifa and two others, seeks to delay the vote on grounds that the election board is not sufficiently prepared. The Supreme Court, the only body that can now legally postpone the poll beyond the end of the month, will hear the case on Wednesday.  On Tuesday, the election board canceled a planned briefing with journalists on preparations for the polls.  Last week, the head of the election board said it was not clear a free and fair vote could take place due to intimidation and political interference. He spoke after the resignation of an election commissioner, who then fled the country and released a statement saying she had been threatened, although she did not say by whom.  A day before the Aug. 8 vote, another member of the election board was found tortured and murdered. On Monday, the International Crisis Group, a global think-tank, called for a delay in the election.  Proceeding under current conditions would deepen Kenya s ethnic cleavages and prolong a stalemate that has already claimed dozens of lives and come at a high economic cost,  it said.  Both the election board and the government have said the vote will go ahead, irrespective of whether Odinga contests it, and only a court ruling could legally delay the re-run ballot beyond the end of October.  On Tuesday, police fired teargas and bullets into the air to break up protesters in the capital Nairobi. In Kisumu, an Odinga stronghold, demonstrators said that the polls should not take place, but were unclear on how they should be stopped.   All we know is that there will be no elections. As to how this will be done, we are waiting for the big announcement by Baba (Odinga) tomorrow,  said one demonstrator, market trader James Ouma.  Around him, marchers waved branches and blew whistles. Last week Odinga supporters disrupted at least three official pre-polling events. Police said some election board staff were seriously injured.  Kenyatta won the first election on Aug. 8, by 1.4 million votes, but the Supreme Court annulled that outcome on Sept. 1 over procedural irregularities. Odinga s team then presented a list of demands to the election board.  Some have been met - opposition monitors will now have access to the board s computers as results come in, a key official has gone on an extended holiday, and numerical results vulnerable to typographical errors will not be transmitted, rather only scanned copies of paper forms from tallying centers.  The board said it was impossible to meet other demands - such as changing the technology provider - in the short time frame allotted for new elections.  Under Kenya s constitution, fresh elections must be held within 60 days of nullified ones.  ",1
16606,Tanzania suspends fourth newspaper since June in media crackdown,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Tanzania s government on Tuesday suspended publication of an opposition-leaning newspaper for three months, the fourth newspaper to be shut down since June in what critics say is a crackdown on press freedom. The newspaper, Tanzania Daima, was shut down for publishing an article about the number of Tanzanians on life-prolonging anti-retroviral drugs used to treat AIDS, the director general of the Tanzania Information Services, Hassan Abbasi, said in a statement. The article was factually incorrect, Abbasi said. The move comes after President John Magufuli warned in January that the days of newspapers his government viewed as unethical  were numbered    a statement that triggered concern  about censorship. The government banned the critical  newspaper MwanaHalisi in September for two years after accusing it of inciting violence. Another independent newspaper, Mawio, was banned in June over articles linking two former presidents to alleged improprieties in mining deals signed in the 1990s and early 2000s. Magufuli has won some praise from western donors for an anti-corruption drive and cutting wasteful public spending. But opponents accuse him of increasingly undermining democracy by curbing dissent and stifling free speech. Magufuli has denied opposition accusations that his government was becoming increasingly autocratic. ",1
16607,Gunman injures bodyguard of Kenya's deputy chief justice,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - A gunman shot and wounded a bodyguard to Kenya s deputy chief justice on Tuesday, police said, adding to an increasingly tense atmosphere two days before the East African nation is due to hold a repeat presidential election.  Rashid Mohamed, the officer in charge of Dagoretti police station, told Reuters it was unclear why the bodyguard to Deputy Chief Justice Philomena Mwilu was shot or how many attackers there were. The bodyguard was shot in the shoulder and his gun was taken as he was buying pots of flowers by the side of the road, Mohamed said.  Last month, the chief justice said judges have received repeated threats since the Supreme Court nullified President Uhuru Kenyatta s win in the Aug. 8 polls and ordered a fresh election.  ",1
16608,Iraq paramilitaries battle Kurds in push towards Turkish border oil hub,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi pro-government paramilitaries launched an offensive against Kurdish troops on Tuesday near the Turkish frontier, pushing towards a strategic border crossing and oil export pipeline hub that Baghdad says must come under its control. The Iraqi government has transformed the balance of power in the north of the country since launching a campaign last week to seize back territory from the Kurds, who govern an autonomous region of three northern provinces and had also seized a swathe of other territory in northern Iraq. The Kurds held a referendum on independence last month that Baghdad called illegal. Baghdad responded by seizing back the city of Kirkuk, the oil-producing areas around it, and other territory that the Kurds had captured from Islamic State. Prime Minister Haidar Abadi has ordered his army to recapture all disputed territory, and has also demanded central control of Iraq s border crossings with Turkey, all of which are inside the Kurdish autonomous region itself. A Kurdish official said Kurdish security forces known as Peshmerga had successfully beaten back an advance by Iranian-backed pro-government paramilitaries in the region of Rabi a, 40 kilometers (25 miles) south of the Fish-Khabur border area. Fish-Khabur is strategically vital because oil from both Kurdish and government-held parts of northern Iraq cross at a pipeline there into Turkey, the main route out of the area for international export, crucial for any Kurdish independence bid. Abadi told a news conference in Baghdad he will discuss the issue of the border crossing with his Turkish counterpart Benali Yildirim on Wednesday in Ankara. The fighting so far has taken place outside the Kurdish autonomous region, but Fish-Khabur is located within it, so any assault on the border crossing would mark a major escalation, bringing government troops into undisputed Kurdish territory.  Crude oil flowing through the Iraqi Kurdistan pipeline to Turkey s port of Ceyhan were up slightly at 300,000 barrels per day on Tuesday, about half the level before the Iraqi takeover of Kirkuk, a shipping source in London said. The pumping rate has risen by about 50,000 bpd since Monday. An Iraqi military spokesman denied there had been any clashes in the area. But an Iraqi security source in Baghdad and a rights activist in northwest Iraq said the confrontation had started at dawn and was still going on by midday.  Peshmerga repelled the attack and pushed Popular Mobilisation back in to Rabi a,  tweeted KRG President Masoud Barzani s media advisor, Hemin Hawrami.  A military spokesman in Baghdad said in response:  There are no clashes.  The fighting between the central government and the Kurds is particularly tricky for the United States which is close allies of both sides, arming and training both the Kurds and the central government s army to fight against Islamic State.  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visited Baghdad this week, but Abadi rebuffed his call for Iraq to reject the role of Iran-backed Shi ite paramilitaries that fight alongside government troops and have taken a hard line on the Kurds. An Iraqi government security advisor said on Monday Baghdad aimed to bring the three-way border crossing with Turkey and Syria at Fish-Khabur under its control, but he declined to say if a military move was being prepared. The Iraqi government s advance over the past week has been achieved with comparatively little violence, with Kurds mostly withdrawing without a fight. Nevertheless, Amnesty International reported that at least 11 civilians were killed and tens of thousands displaced from Kurdish areas of Tuz Khurmato, a town south of Kirkuk. It said images, videos, photos and dozens of testimonies indicated that hundreds of properties had been looted in a rampage targeting Kurdish parts of the ethnically mixed town. Elections for the presidency and parliament of Iraq s Kurdistan region set for Nov. 1 have been delayed by eight months, the regional parliament announced on Tuesday. The electoral commission said on Monday that parties had failed to present candidates amid turmoil in the region following the Sept. 25 independence referendum. ",1
16609,Kenya officials change way of announcing election results,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Official results from Kenya s repeat presidential election on Thursday are likely to take several days to collate, election officials told Reuters, due to changes in the process to try to make it more transparent. The Supreme Court on Sept. 1 ordered a repeat of the election after judges annulled the results of an Aug. 8 poll, pitting incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta against opposition leader Raila Odinga, due to procedural irregularities. Official results said Kenyatta won on Aug. 8 by 1.4 million votes, but Odinga said the vote was rigged. Odinga has refused to participate in Thursday s rerun because he said election officials have not carried out sufficient reforms. Judges criticized the election board for rushing to announce the official results based only on numbers sent from the polling stations, without having the tally forms from all 40,883 polling stations showing the results. The paper forms are a back-up system meant to help prevent rigging. The board has up to a week to announce official results. This time, polling stations will only transmit scanned images of tally forms from polling stations, not numerical results, Andrew Limo, spokesman for the election commission, said on Tuesday. The scanned images will be posted online. The election board will collate and publish results by constituency once all polling stations there have reported. This could take several days in rural constituencies with poor phone networks and far-flung polling stations. There are 290 constituencies. Without Odinga running, Kenyatta is the firm favorite to win. The other six candidates failed to poll more than 1 percent in the August polls; one has since been disqualified for bankruptcy. Odinga has urged supporters to boycott the ballot and opposition leaders have called for protests on the day of the elections.  The key thing to watch in this election will be turnout,  said Murithi Mutiga, a senior regional analyst for the International Crisis Group, a global thinktank.   This will really be a referendum on the legitimacy of Kenyatta s second term.   Just over 79 percent of Kenya s 19.6 million registered voters cast a ballot in the last poll. ",1
16610,Catalan secessionists mull snap election as Madrid hangs tough,"MADRID (Reuters) - Secessionist leaders in Catalonia may call a snap election in an attempt to break the deadlock with Madrid over independence, a senior local politician said on Tuesday, but Spanish authorities made clear that would not be enough. Spain says it will impose direct rule on Catalonia from Friday to prevent an illegal push for independence, invoking unprecedented powers to dismiss the regional government. Madrid said an election would not change those plans. The Catalan parliament meets on Thursday to agree on a response to Madrid, and many analysts believe the economically powerful region could formally declare independence.  Secessionists in Catalonia say their independence referendum on Oct. 1 - which attracted a 43 percent turnout and was mostly boycotted by those Catalans who want to remain in Spain - has given them a mandate for statehood. Catalonia said on Monday it was confident that its officials, including the police, would defy attempts by Madrid to enforce direct rule. Spanish political and business leaders, along with most Catalonian newspapers, have urged Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to call a regional election before he is stripped of his authority. They say direct rule from Madrid would be a humiliation for Catalonia and pose a serious risk of unrest. Puigdemont has so far remained silent on the matter of an election but an ally of his pro-independence government said he was actively considering this option.  We have evidence this is currently on the table,  Carles Riera, a Catalan lawmaker for the anti-capitalist CUP party, told a news conference. Calling an election would be a face-saving move for Puigdemont as it could either strengthen his mandate if pro-independence parties won or allow him a graceful exit if they did not. The Spanish government said a snap election would be a first step but Puigdemont would also have to withdraw an ambiguous declaration of independence he made earlier this month. The government had moved to cancel Catalonia s autonomous status because it believed there had been a  serious failure  by Puigdemont to meet his obligations, Justice Minister Rafael Catala said in a radio interview.  Everything is not fixed just by calling an election.  Catala said that if Puigdemont appeared before the Spanish Senate, it would help to resolve the crisis. A top official in the Senate said that if Puigdemont decided to appear before the house, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy would likely come to the chamber as well so that a proper debate could be organised between the two. The Senate said on Tuesday it had invited Puigdemont to appear before the chamber on Thursday at 5 p.m (1500 GMT) or Friday at 10 a.m (0800 GMT). The Madrid government has so far refused to meet the Catalan leader until he drops his call for independence and Catala said any appearance by Puigdemont had to be within a legal and constitutional framework.   If his appearance is within the constitution and the law we ll be delighted ... But if it s just to ratify his position on Catalonia s independence, sadly we will not be able to do anything else than continuing with the measures already set by the government,  Catala said. The political uncertainty has taken its toll on Spain s wealthiest region, with hundreds of companies moving their headquarters out of Catalonia. Volkswagen s Spanish unit SEAT, one of the biggest employers in the region, said it would move its registered office if it felt there was no longer legal security in Catalonia, although it had so far not made a decision.  Relocating the registered office would respond to the need to seek legal protection, and would make sense the moment we felt it was no longer afforded in the territory where we are located,  SEAT Executive Committee Chairman Luca de Meo said in a letter to the company s more than 14,000 employees in the region. ",1
16611,"French Catalans offer Puigdemont luxury safe-house, just in case","PARIS (Reuters) - French Catalans have a villa with a swimming pool and other safe houses ready in the event that Carles Puigdemont and other leaders of Spain s Catalonia region have to seek refuge from Madrid. While the idea of Catalan leaders fleeing Spain and setting up an underground network abroad still appears remote, French backers of Catalan independence are taking no chances. They say they have 52 houses and flats lined up near the Spanish border.  It s all ready. We have the logistics to be able to house about 200 people for now, and more if needed,  said Robert Casanovas, an activist and head of the Committee for the self-determination of North Catalonia   the French Catalan area.  Our aim is to be ready if there are arrest warrants issued against members of the Catalan government, and in particular its president,  he said in a phone interview. The Spanish government is threatening to impose direct rule on Catalonia, a region with its own language and culture, which held a referendum on independence on Oct. 1 that Spanish courts declared illegal. Thousands of Catalan speakers live across the border in France, mainly in the eastern Pyrenees region along the Mediterranean Coast, territory ceded to France by Spain in the 17th Century. Top Catalan officials sought refuge in France in the late 1930s from Spain s military dictator Francisco Franco. Catalan leader Puigdemont and his government have called for civil disobedience to defy the direct rule move. They have not publicly discussed exile.     Casanovas said his group had decided unilaterally to offer the safe-houses. He declined to say whether there had been an answer, saying it was too sensitive. Unlike their Spanish counterparts, French Catalan activists do not seek independence for their territory but ask for more autonomy, including on tax matters. Casanovas said his 30-strong committee leads a 300-strong French Catalan group. Around 400,000 people live in the area of France that activists call North Catalonia. Casanovas said among the safe-houses on offer was his own home in Theza, a short drive from the Spanish border.  It s a pretty nice house with a swimming pool, it s quite big, with a 7,000-square-metre garden, so it would work out really well,  he said.  We couldn t put him in a two-bedroom... We need something worthy of a head of government.  ",1
16612,Catalan government to appeal direct rule in constitutional court,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia plans to appeal the application of article 155, which will place its governance in the hands of the central government, in the constitutional court, regional spokesman Jordi Turull said on Tuesday.  Spain s upper house of parliament is set to authorise the government to use those special powers on Friday. ",1
16613,Catalan government mulling calling snap election: pro-independence party CUP,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Catalan government is considering calling a snap election, pro-independence party CUP politician Carles Riera said on Tuesday, though he added that the far-left party would oppose such a move.  The regional elections are a weapon to cancel the Oct.1 (referendum) and the will of the majority of Catalonia,  Riera told a news conference. Secessionists in Catalonia say that a banned independence vote held on Oct. 1 - which drew only a 43 percent turnout and was mostly shunned by Catalans who wish to remain in Spain - has accorded them a mandate to claim statehood. ",1
16614,VW's Catalonia-based unit says will move HQ if legal security in doubt,"MADRID (Reuters) - Automaker Volkswagen s (VOWG_p.DE) Catalonia-based unit SEAT would move its registered office if it was felt there was no longer legal security in Catalonia but so far has not had to make that decision, SEAT Chairman Luca de Meo said on Tuesday in an internal letter to staff. Political stability and legal certainty, along with being based in the European Union, were essential for the company in terms of workers, the economic health of the company and shareholder trust, he said in the letter seen by Reuters. Seat employs more than 14,000 people in the Spanish northeastern region.  ",1
16615,Germany's Schaeuble elected Bundestag speaker to tackle far right,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Former finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble was elected speaker of Germany s lower house of parliament on Tuesday, tasked with keeping order in a body where decades of conciliatory conventions are under threat from the arrival of the far right. In an inaugural Bundestag session following the Sept. 24 federal election, lawmakers from the other parties showed their disdain for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party by overwhelmingly rejecting its candidate for deputy speaker. Convention holds that each party represented in the Bundestag names a deputy speaker. But lawmakers spurned AfD candidate Albert Glaser in three rounds of voting. Still, the AfD, which has become the first far-right group represented in Germany s parliament for more than half a century, made clear its intention to shake up German politics on the national stage.  The people have decided, now a new era begins,  AfD parliamentary leader Bernd Baumann told the chamber.  Schaeuble, who won 501 of 705 votes for the post of speaker, shot back in his maiden speech:  Nobody on their own represents the people.  Germany s longest serving lawmaker, 75-year-old Schaeuble is one of the country s most respected politicians and seen as well qualified to tame recalcitrant lawmakers. By agreeing to move to the Bundestag, Schaeuble has opened the way for the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) to take over his powerful Finance Ministry, helping to unblock talks on an expected new three-way coalition with the Greens. The conservatives, FDP and Greens convene on Tuesday evening for coalition talks. FDP leader Christian Lindner told broadcaster n-tv that Schaeuble was an extraordinary figure in German politics:  He has gravitas, a clear position and a natural authority that will be good to have in a parliament that has just become more diverse, and where some manners may be called into question.  The AfD s Baumann shocked other lawmakers by suggesting that they had used Nazi-era tactics to prevent Glaser from taking a deputy speaker post. FDP politician Marco Buschmann said the comments were  beyond tasteless.  The AfD can nominate an alternative candidate for deputy speaker. Although there is precedent for a party s first choice being rejected, there is no precedent for a party failing to have any lawmaker accepted in the post. The convention that each party in parliament is entitled to one vice speaker is not written into the constitution, and parliamentary business can continue if the AfD is unable to get a vice president elected. ",1
16616,"Turkish, U.S. businesses call for resolution of diplomatic rows","ANKARA (Reuters) - Leading Turkish and U.S. businesses urged the governments of Turkey and the United States on Tuesday to resolve a series of diplomatic rows that have prompted both countries to cut back on issuing visas to each other s citizens. Turkey has fumed over what it sees as U.S. reluctance to extradite Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused by Ankara of  orchestrating an abortive military coup last year, and over U.S. support for the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia, seen by Turks as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK).  Gulen denies any connection with the coup bid. The Turkish-U.S. Business Council (TAIK) called on the U.S. and Turkish governments to engage in talks to resolve the rows and prevent harm to both of their economies and citizens.  We call on the governments of Turkey and America to enter into discussions to reach a meaningful resolution to the existing differences   so that neither of our peoples or economies suffer,  TAIK said in a statement.  Relations sank to a new low with the arrest of a second U.S. consular worker earlier this month over alleged links to last year s coup attempt.  The statement by TAIK, a council comprised of leading Turkish and U.S. corporations such as Ford, Microsoft, and Turkish Airlines, was the latest in a series of appeals to the NATO allies to settle their differences. But President Tayyip Erdogan has not retreated from the row, castigating Washington over democracy issues in comments that may further dim hopes of a resolution. ",1
16617,"UK sees swift deal on Brexit transition outline, still at odds with EU on trade","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain believes it can quickly agree a framework for a transitional agreement on exiting the European Union, Prime Minister Theresa May s spokesman said on Tuesday, even as other stark differences over the Brexit timeline persisted. Britain is seeking a so-called implementation period of around two years following its departure from the EU in March 2019, during which its access to the EU single market would stay largely unchanged while new arrangements are put in place. Businesses are keen to see the details of such a deal as soon as possible to end uncertainty over the trading rules they will face after Britain leaves the bloc.  In terms of the broad outline of an implementation period, we believe that we can agree that quickly,  May s spokesman said. He did not provide further detail on when Britain hoped to reach such an agreement.  We re clear that we want to achieve this implementation period, that we believe we can do so, and that our priority is to provide certainty for business,  he said. May left some businesses confused on Monday by saying any implementation period would not be agreed until a deal was struck on Britain s future trading relationship with the bloc. That countered expectations that a transitional deal would come well before any deal on trade. It also highlighted a clear difference between Britain and the EU over when a trade deal would be agreed. Britain is seeking an  ambitious  deal on trade with the EU to replace its existing arrangement at the end of an implementation period. It believes its current close ties with the bloc mean such a deal will be agreed by October 2018. But the EU s chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, said it would take three years to negotiate a trade deal, meaning that if talks start in December it would be ready in time for the end of a transition period running until December 2020. In response, asked if it was Britain s position that it could still achieve a trade deal by the end of next year under the two-year exit process, May s spokesman said:  Yes . Commenting on the timeline set out by Britain, an EU official said the bloc wanted to  define a framework for our future relationship  by this time next year so that a withdrawal treaty could  take account  of that future under the terms of the  Article 50  legal exit process. However, the official said the EU will only negotiate on the details of a free trade deal after Britain has actually left in March 2019 because the EU s own laws do not allow it to negotiate trade agreements with its own members.  Article 50 says that the withdrawal agreement has to take into account our future relationship, so we will know the terms of our partnership with the EU by our exit,  a spokeswoman for May said when asked about the position set out by the EU official.  But as to the details, that s subject to negotiation and I can t pre-empt those.  ",1
16618,Barnier says only off-the-peg deals open to Britain post-Brexit,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Britain must choose from a range of existing off-the-peg models for its relationship to the European Union when it leaves the bloc, Brussels  chief negotiator Michel Barnier has told a group of newspapers. Barnier, who is leading the EU s negotiations with Britain after last year s Brexit vote, told Handelsblatt that while it was in both sides  interest to maintain a close relationship, the range of possible relationships was limited.  The only way to do it without difficulties is by staying within the internal market. That would be the Norway model, but the British government rejects it,  he said.  Another option would be a free trade agreement like the CETA-deal with Canada.  Even a Canada-style deal would take several years to negotiate. Asked if there would be a specific British model after the country left on March 30, 2019, Barnier said:  No.  European leaders decided this weekend that Britain had not made enough progress on exit negotiations to begin work on devising a future relationship, leading to concern in Europe and the world that Britain could crash out of the bloc in disorderly fashion, with serious economic and political consequences.  A disorderly exit would bring enormous problems - mainly for Britain, but also for us,  he said in the interview with Handelsblatt and four further European newspapers. That would affect everything from food supply to healthcare. He added:  Britain would leave the single air traffic space, losing take-off and landing rights. It would no longer be a member of the Euratom treaty and could no longer import nuclear material from the EU for hospitals and power stations.  The process of designing a longer-term relationship with the EU was also fraught with difficulties, he added, warning that the EU would need to find ways to head off any British attempts to undercut European environmental or welfare standards.  We will have to arrange future co-operation on defense and security policy in a separate treaty,  he said.  We will have to ward off British attempts to influence our decision-making processes in this area.  (Corrects to remove statement that a bespoke deal could be available after Brexit) ",1
16619,Malawi vigilante arrests rise to 200 in vampire scare,"LILONGWE (Reuters) - Police in Malawi have arrested 200 suspected members of vigilante mobs that have been killing people they believe are vampires, a spokesman said on Tuesday. Nine people have been killed since mid-September in southern Malawi where there is a widespread belief in witchcraft. The violence has prompted the United Nations and the U.S. embassy to declare some parts of the country no-go zones. The attacks spread last week to Blantyre, Malawi s second largest city where a 22-year-old man was stoned then burned to death and another was stoned to death.  Both were accused of bloodsucking, although medical experts deny the existence of vampirism in Malawi. Amos Daka, head of the Medical Society of Malawi, said his group was not aware  that any one has adequate clinical evidence to support any of the many claims to date.  President Peter Mutharika has visited parts of the country affected by the violence. This month, the United Nations pulled staff out of two areas in southern Malawi.  ",1
16620,Ireland welcomes home student who spent four years in an Egyptian jail,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Irish student Ibrahim Halawa was greeted by cheering crowds at Dublin Airport on Tuesday as he arrived home following his acquittal last month in a four-year mass trial. Halawa, who was born and raised in Dublin and is a son of the most senior Muslim cleric in Ireland, was 17 when he was arrested along with hundreds of others in 2013 as part of a crackdown on protests in Egypt.  It still feels like a dream, it s a moment I ve waited for four years. I m a free man. I m hoping I can get my life back, get back to college and get my career,  a smiling Halawa, draped in an Irish flag, told reporters upon his arrival home. Halawa thanked the Irish people, the government and his family for working hard to secure his release. A member of the Irish government, which had lobbied for his return, was among the well-wishers. Halawa and three of his sisters were charged along with nearly 500 others with crimes including breaking into a mosque, killing 44 people, and illegal possession of firearms in violence that followed the military s overthrow of Egypt s Islamist president, Mohamed Mursi, in 2013. The Halawas said they were on vacation visiting extended family in Egypt and joined a protest against the military s ouster of Mursi while they were there.  The defendants had all faced the death penalty and though none received it, hundreds were given hefty jail sentences. Halawa s sisters were released shortly after their arrests.  This case has been one of the most complex, sensitive and difficult consular cases to which the Irish Government has ever responded. I and all of my colleagues are very pleased Ibrahim s ordeal is now at an end,  Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said in a statement. Halawa has said he was regularly tortured during his period in detention. The Egyptian authorities have repeatedly denied allegations of abuses from rights groups.  They all claim that (torture) and we have often denied (it took place),  a senior Egyptian interior ministry source said.  In the end, there is the prosecution and the court, they are decisive. Anyone who experiences assault in jail must report it to the prosecution or the court...and the prisons are all subjected to inspections.  ",1
16621,Incoming New Zealand government to review central bank objectives,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand s new government plans to review and reform the Central Bank Act to possibly include employment, alongside inflation, as a dual target, Labour Prime Minister-elect Jacinda Ardern said on Tuesday. The populist New Zealand First, the junior partner in the new Labour-led coalition government, also wants to broaden the central bank s focus to include greater management of the local dollar s value against other currencies.  We have been looking at changing the objectives set out in the Reserve Bank Act,  Ardern told reporters in Wellington.  The objectives of the Act to possibly include employment is certainly part of our plans.  Labour flagged the monetary policy changes during its election campaign. New Zealand First has previously mentioned it would like the central bank to better manage the currency, without elaborating.  The New Zealand dollar suffered fresh falls on Tuesday as Ardern and New Zealand First leader Winston Peters confirmed their policy priorities. The kiwi dollar shed all its early gains to push below $0.6940, having briefly been as high as $0.7003 at one point. Rather than just focussing on inflation, Labour wants the Reserve Bank to have a full employment goal when devising policy settings, bringing it into line with the United States and Australia.  While unemployment in New Zealand is at near decade lows of below 5 percent, job growth was a hot political issue during the recent election. The unlikely alliance between the centre-left Labour and populist New Zealand First was brokered after a Sept. 23 election failed to deliver a majority to the governing National or opposition Labour.  Peters has been offered the role of deputy prime minister, which he is likely to accept, and Ardern indicated on Tuesday that Peters would also become foreign minister, putting a protectionist at the forefront of New Zealand s international relations. Peters was foreign minister in a Labour-led government in 2005, during which time he became among a handful of Western politicians to visit North Korea.   The general consensus is that he did a good job,  said Richard Shaw, politics professor at Massey University.  He wasn t particularly interested in restructuring departments. He s very good at working the room and is an affable character.  Labour and New Zealand First share similar policies designed to cut immigration, ban foreigners from buying existing property and raise the minimum wage. Many of the policies draw on voter concerns that immigration and foreign buyers of local homes are putting too much pressure on infrastructure and house prices, representing a shift in New Zealand s formerly open door policy.  Ardern said Labour s immigration policy remained in place, whereby net migration would reduce from by between 20,000 to 30,000. This represents a less dramatic cut than New Zealand First had proposed prior to the election. Net migration is running at just over 70,000 a year. While a  confidence and supply  agreement with the Greens is delivering policies across the political spectrum, such as a push to legalise cannabis for personal use. ",1
16622,EU's Tusk says 'good deal' or 'no deal' on Brexit up to London,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk said on Tuesday that it was up to Britain to determine if there was to be a good deal or no deal in Brexit talks.  We have managed to build and maintain unity among the 27, but ahead of us is still the toughest stress test. If we fail it, the negotiations will end in our defeat. We must keep our unity regardless of the direction of the talks. The EU will be able to rise to every scenario as long as we are not divided,  Tusk, who chairs summits of EU leaders, told the European Parliament.  It is in fact up to London how this will end, with a good deal, no deal or no Brexit but in each of these scenarios we will protect our common interests only by being together,  he said. ",1
16623,France to discuss possible new Rafale sale with Egypt's al-Sisi: Le Maire,"PARIS (Reuters) - France will discuss the possible sale of more Rafale aircrafts with Egyptian leader Abdel Fattah al-Sisi during his visit to Paris this week, Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told Europe 1 radio on Tuesday. Under the previous government, France had concluded several major military agreements with Egypt, including the sale of 24 Rafale combat aircraft, a multi-mission frigate and two Mistral warships in contracts worth some 6 billion euros. The 2015 Rafale contract - the first export contract for the jet - included the option of selling another twelve aircrafts.  If there can be new contracts, so much the better. That will be discussed today by the President of the Republic (Macron) and the president (Sisi),  said Le Maire, when asked by Europe 1 radio to comment on reports that the sale of the extra 12 aircrafts was on the table but that his ministry was reluctant because of the payment terms asked for by Egypt.  It is normal that Bercy (the French finance ministry) would want to make sure Egypt should be able to pay its plane orders,  Le Maire said. Sisi is in Paris until Oct 25.  As far as human rights are concerned, of course we ll discuss that. I have no doubt that the President of the Republic will mention the issue of human rights when he has lunch with his Egyptian counterpart,  added Le Maire. Rafale-maker Dassault Aviation declined to comment.  France and Egypt have nurtured closer economic and military ties in recent years, and with Sisi s rise to power that relationship has improved with both sides concerned by the political vacuum in Libya and the threat from jihadist groups in Egypt. But human rights organisations at home and overseas have accused France under Macron of remaining silent in the face of increasing violations of freedoms by Sisi s government, as the 2018 presidential elections approach.  ",1
16624,"Myanmar, Bangladesh agree to cooperate on Rohingya refugee repatriation","NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - Myanmar and Bangladesh on Tuesday agreed to cooperate on the repatriation of Rohingya refugees and took steps to boost border security as relations between the neighbors have been strained by the continuing flow of refugees into Bangladesh. Over 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar since Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgent attacks sparked a ferocious military response by the Myanmar army that the United Nations has called ethnic cleansing. At a meeting in Myanmar s capital Naypyitaw, attended by Myanmar s home affairs minister lieutenant general Kyaw Swe and his Bangladeshi counterpart Asaduzzaman Khan, the countries signed two agreements covering security and border cooperation. The two sides have also agreed to  to halt the outflow of Myanmar residents to Bangladesh,  and  to form a joint working group,  Tin Myint, permanent secretary from Myanmar s home affairs ministry told reporters after the meetings.  After joint working group, the verification, (the) two countries have agreed to arrange different steps so that these people can return to their homeland safely and honourably and in secure conditions,  said Mostafa Kamal Uddin, secretary from Bangladeshi home affairs ministry. The officials did not elaborate on the specific steps the authorities would take for the repatriation, adding that the bulk of discussions was dedicated to border and security cooperation agreements which have been long in the making. Tin Myint said the two countries agreed  to restore normalcy in Rakhine to enable displaced Myanmar residents to return from Bangladesh at the earliest opportunity.  He also said Myanmar had sent a list of suspects who had fled to Bangladesh and requested the authorities there to investigate and return them to Myanmar. Thousands of refugees have continued to arrived cross the Naf river separating Myanmar s western Rakhine state and Bangladesh in recent days, even though Myanmar says military operations ceased on Sept. 5. The United States said on Monday it was considering a range of further actions over Myanmar s treatment of the Rohingya Muslim minority. While on Tuesday the officials said the talks were friendly, tensions are still high between the two countries. Bangladesh last month accused Myanmar of repeatedly violating its air space and warned that any more  provocative acts  could have  unwarranted consequences .  On border and security, the two sides decided to establish border liaison offices, carry out regular meetings between two security forces, jointly combat drug trafficking across the border and set up a mechanism to communicate directly. Bangladesh has for decades faced influxes of Rohingya fleeing persecution in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, where the Rohingya are seen as illegal migrants. It was already home to hundreds of thousands of Rohingya before the latest crisis. Though Rohingya families have lived in Myanmar for generations, they are denied citizenship and access to basic civil rights such as freedom of movement, decent education and healthcare. Hundreds in Rakhine on Sunday protested to urge Myanmar s government not to repatriate the Rohingya. ",1
16625,Turkey says doesn't want Greece to become 'safe haven' for coup plotters,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu urged Greece on Tuesday to not become a  safe haven  for plotters of last year s coup attempt, citing the 995 people who have applied for asylum since the failed putsch. Speaking at a joint news conference with his Greek counterpart, Nikos Kotzias, Cavusoglu said asylum seekers needed to be evaluated to determine those linked to the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, blamed by Turkey for masterminding the putsch.  We would not want our neighbor Greece, with whom we are improving our ties, to be a safe haven for Gulenists. We believe these applications will be evaluated meticulously and that traitors will not be given credit,  Cavusoglu said. Responding to Cavusoglu s comments, Kotzias said the decisions on asylum seekers were made by the Greek judiciary and had to be respected even if  it doesn t please some . Relations between Turkey and Greece were further strained in May after a Greek court ruled to not extradite eight Turkish soldiers who fled to Greece following last year s coup attempt. Turkey alleges the men, who fled to Greece in a military helicopter as the July coup unfolded, were involved in efforts to overthrow President Tayyip Erdogan and has repeatedly demanded they be sent back. Greek courts have blocked two extradition requests by Ankara, drawing an angry rebuke from Turkey and highlighting the tense relations between the NATO allies, who remain at odds over issues from territorial disputes to ethnically split Cyprus.  Unfortunately, the Greek courts did not extradite (the eight soldiers), and this has greatly disappointed us,  Cavusoglu said. He said two other soldiers, accused of trying to assassinate Erdogan on the night of the coup, had also fled to Greece, and that Turkey had demanded their extradition. In the aftermath of the coup, some 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial and more than 150,000 have been sacked or suspended from their jobs in the military, public and private sectors. Rights groups and Turkey s Western allies have said President Tayyip Erdogan is using the failed coup as a pretext to crush dissent, but the government says the measures are necessary to fight the threats it is facing. ",1
16626,Dutchman put on trial for Ethiopian war crimes in 1970s,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A Dutch citizen will go on trial in the Netherlands next Monday on charges he committed war crimes in Ethiopia in the 1970s. The 63-year-old Dutchman, who was born in Ethiopia, is accused of the incarceration, torture and murder of opponents of former Ethiopian leader Mengistu Haile Mariam in the late  70s.  As Mengistu s representative in the Ethiopian province of Gojjam, the man is accused of ordering the killing of 75 young prisoners in 1978 and of being responsible for the incarceration and inhumane treatment of more than 200 people. An Ethiopian court has sentenced the man to death, in absentia, for his role in what was called the  red terror , which the communist military junta of Mengistu conducted after the ouster of the Ethiopian emperor, Haile Selassie, in 1974. The Ethiopian sentence can t be carried out in the Netherlands, making a new trial the best option to hold the man to account, the Dutch national prosecutor s office said on Tuesday. The trial in The Hague is based on an investigation by the International Crimes Team of the Dutch national police. It contains the statements of several Ethiopian witnesses, some of whom will be present at the trial, the prosecutor s office said.  The accused has been held in provisional custody in the Netherlands since 2015.   Mengistu was found guilty in absentia of genocide in 2007, after he and top members of his military government were accused of killing thousands during his 17-year rule. Mengistu was ousted in 1991 and fled to Zimbabwe, where he still lives. ",1
16627,Ukraine cyber police chief says Ukraine hit by 'Badrabbit' malware,"KIEV (Reuters) - The chief of Ukraine s cyber police said Ukraine was attacked on Tuesday by malware called BadRabbit, adding that the country was barely affected.  Earlier the airport in the southern city of Odessa said it had tightened security measures after being hit by a cyber attack, while the metro system in the capital Kiev reported a hack on its payment system.  Asked whether the malware BadRabbit was used in the attacks, Cyber Police Chief Serhiy Demedyuk said by text message  yes, correct . ",1
16628,Liberia's ruling party alleges election irregularities,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberia s ruling party, which came second in a presidential election first round on Oct. 10, has said the poll was marred by irregularities, following similar claims from other parties. Vice President Joseph Boakai, a member of outgoing President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf s Unity Party, won 28.8 percent of votes, versus 38.4 percent for former soccer star George Weah. A run-off vote between the two candidates is scheduled for Nov. 7.  International observers from the European Union, the Carter Center and the National Democratic Institute have said they saw no major problems with the vote, which was meant to usher in Liberia s first democratic transfer of power since 1944.   The Unity Party did not say whether it would petition the election committee for a re-run, as did the Liberty Party of the third-placed candidate, Charles Brumskine, over what it said were  gross irregularities and fraud .  We too have been gathering reports ... pointing to some anomalies and electoral management inefficiencies, which prevented some of our supporters and citizens from exercising their constitutional rights to vote,  the Unity Party said in a statement. It said it was still deciding what action to take  consistent with the laws of Liberia . Another candidate, Alexander Cummings of the Alternative National Congress, has also said there were problems during the polls, including the theft of ballot boxes, but his party has yet to file a complaint.  The communications director of the election commission, Henry Flomo, said the commission would respond to the Unity Party s concerns as quickly as possibly, adding that the party could challenge the commission s findings at the Supreme Court if it is not satisfied.  ",1
16629,Suicide risk torture victim can be deported: EU court adviser,"LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - European governments can refuse asylum to traumatized torture victims and deport them   even if a lack of healthcare in their home country means they may well kill themselves on return, a top EU court adviser said on Tuesday. An advocate general of the European Court of Justice gave the opinion in the case of a former Tamil rebel who was refused asylum in Britain and appealed on the grounds that he would not get treatment in his native Sri Lanka for mental stress caused by his previous torture by government forces. Yves Bot advised ECJ judges who will rule on the case later that the man, identified only as  MP , no longer risked torture in Sri Lanka. The LTTE rebels were defeated in 2009. ECJ judges typically follow the advice of the advocate general, although they are not bound to do so.  MP may not claim subsidiary protection ... even if it is unlikely that he could receive the necessary treatment to manage the post-traumatic stress syndrome he suffers from, owing to shortcomings in the health system, and is likely to commit suicide if he is returned to his country of origin,  Bot said. Britain s Supreme Court had sought the ECJ s guidance. Bot said the British judges could still choose to rule that the man was entitled to protection as a  very exceptional case , but said MP did not appear to fit that category. Bot stressed that a broader reading of the relevant law, giving asylum to all those who had suffered persecution in the past, would  considerably increase the obligations  of EU member states and would go beyond the intentions of lawmakers. The European Union has faced deep political crisis in the past few years over large numbers of people seeking asylum; more than a million arrived in 2015. That has fuelled nationalist opposition to the EU as an institution and raised tensions among the member states, which have tightened controls on immigration. Immigration, and the power of the ECJ to overrule British law, were both among the reasons cited by campaigners when Britain voted to leave the bloc. ",1
16630,U.S. officials will not label treatment of Rohingya as 'ethnic cleansing',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. government officials declined on Tuesday to characterize the treatment of Myanmar s Rohingya Muslims as ethnic cleansing, but listed new measures including targeted sanctions Washington is considering to address the crisis.  I m not in a position ... to characterize it today, but to me this very closely resembles some of the worst kind of atrocities that I ve seen during a long career,  Mark Storella Deputy Assistant Secretary of State from the Bureau Of Population, Refugees and Migration said at a Senate hearing, when pressed to say whether he viewed the situation as ethnic cleansing. Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar s Rakhine state since security forces responded to Rohingya militants  attacks on Aug. 25 by launching a crackdown the United Nations has denounced as ethnic cleansing. Myanmar, also known as Burma, rejects that accusation, insisting action was needed to combat  terrorists  who killed civilians. But it has left the world community counting the cost as international organizations and the government of Bangladesh, which has taken in the vast majority of the refugees, race to provide food, water and medical care. Many U.S. lawmakers have clamored for a strong U.S. response to the crisis and criticized government leader Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel peace laureate once hugely popular in Washington, for failing to do more.  She s an impressive person, but she s not taking on the challenge,  said Senator Ben Cardin, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Cardin said he considered the treatment of the Rohingya genocide. The State Department said on Monday that Washington is taking steps and considering a range of further actions over Myanmar s treatment of the Rohingya, including targeted sanctions under its Global Magnitsky law. [L2N1MZ01T] At the foreign relations committee hearing, Patrick Murphy, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian And Pacific Affairs, said broader sanctions were also being considered, but cautioned that doing so could lessen the U.S. government s ability to influence the Myanmar government to change. ",1
16631,Ukraine airport says tightened security after cyber attack,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine s Odessa airport said on Tuesday it had tightened security measures after being hit by a cyber attack, while the metro system in Kiev also reported a hack on its payment system.  We report that the IT system of Odessa international airport has been hit by a hacker attack. All services of the airport are working in a stricter mode,  the airport said in a statement.  Separately, Ukraine s cyber police said that, while it was monitoring all incidents, they did not appear to amount to a mass cyber attack on the country.  ",1
16632,Namibia dismisses U.N. expert's claims on North Korea ties,"WINDHOEK (Reuters) - Namibia s government on Tuesday rejected accusations by the coordinator of the UN Panel of Experts on North Korea who accused the southern African nation of not complying with UN Security Council sanctions against Pyongyang.  Namibia said that it rejected allegations that it had not submitted a report for more than a year to the Security Council s sanctions committee on North Korea.  The Government of Namibia wishes to categorically state that it has submitted reports to the UN Security Council Sanctions Committee as required, the last having been submitted on 8 April 2017,  Lineekela Mboti, the permanent secretary in the Ministry of International Relations and Cooperation, said in a statement.  Hugh Griffiths, who is the coordinator of the body charged with monitoring sanctions enforcement on North Korea, said Namibia had contracted North Korean workers and state companies to construct an ammunitions factory in clear violation of UN sanctions dating back nearly a decade.  Griffiths alleged in a report on CNN that the UN panel had not received responses from Namibia to specific queries for more than a year.  It is not enough to talk in the media. It is not enough to say you have been exonerated by the UN for North Korean sanctions violations because that is not true,  Griffiths was quoted by CNN as saying. Mboti said Namibia terminated the contracts with Korea Mining Development Trading Corporation and Mansudae Overseas Projects in the southern African nation,  which will remain in place  for as long as the UN Security Council sanctions continued. She said Windhoek was committed to complying with all relevant UN resolutions on North Korea, and had invited the UN experts to visit Namibia to see for themselves. ",1
16633,Saudi foreign minister says backs Trump's stance on Iran,"LONDON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia supports U.S. President Donald Trump s stance on Iran after he decided not to certify that Tehran is complying with a nuclear accord, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said on Tuesday. U.S. President Donald Trump broke ranks with other major powers this month by refusing to formally certify that Tehran is complying with the deal, even though international inspectors say it is.     Jubeir said the nuclear deal had shortcomings, and that he agreed with Trump s assessment that Iran was working to destabilise the region and was funding militant organisations.  Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia, a U.S. ally, has been at loggerheads with Iran, a Shi ite Muslim country, for decades, and the countries have fought a long-running proxy war in the Middle East.  (Iran s behaviour) is not acceptable, and there will be consequences to the Iranians. This is what President Trump has said, and we are very supportive of that,  Jubeir said at a conference in London.          Following Trump s decision, U.S. Congress has until mid-December to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the pact. Jubeir said that new sanctions on Iran would be welcome, and that a delay could mean that by the time sanctions had impact, Iran could have already developed  a dozen  nuclear bombs.   The international community needs to support those (sanctions) in order to send a very strong message to Iran that your behaviour, your nefarious activities, have consequences,  Jubeir said. Iran says its nuclear programme is for peaceful purposes and denies it has aimed to build an atomic bomb. ",1
16634,Protests called after Porto court agrees woman's adultery was factor in attack,"LISBON (Reuters) - A women s rights group has called a rally to protest against a Portuguese court ruling that upheld a light sentence for a woman s attackers on the grounds they may have been driven to it by her adultery, an offence punishable with death in the Bible.  Judges Neto de Moura and Maria Luisa Arantes rejected the prosecutors  appeal to toughen the suspended sentence and fine, saying the  depressive state  of the two defendants - the woman s former husband and her former lover - was a mitigating factor.     We read in the Bible that an adulteress should be punished with death,  the judges in the Porto Court of Appeal wrote. They also referenced the  symbolic sentences  given to men who murdered adulterous wives in the late 19th century in Portugal.  These references are merely intended to stress that the society has always strongly condemned adultery by a woman and therefore sees the violence by a betrayed, humiliated man with some understanding,  they wrote in their Oct. 11 verdict. The UMAR Women s Union for Alternative and Response called the verdict in Portugal s second-largest city  revolting  and said it perpetuated  the ideology of victim-blaming .   Evoking the Bible does not combine with the rule of law in our country and discredits the judicial norms,  UMAR said in a statement. In the 2015 attack, one of the men assaulted and held the victim while the other attacked her with a nail-spiked club. Her injuries were not life-threatening. Both were convicted and sentenced to pay large fines in addition to suspended time in prison of about a year each. UMAR and the feminist movement Por Todas Nos (For all of Us Women) called a protest rally in downtown Lisbon for Friday. Protests were also called in Porto under the slogan  Male chauvinism is not justice, but crime . Ultra-orthodox patriarchy - one of the cornerstones of the fascist dictatorship of Antonio Salazar up until the 1974 revolution - still survives in parts of Portugal.  ",1
16635,"Mugabe would have rejected WHO role, says spokesman after its U-turn","HARARE (Reuters) - Robert Mugabe would have rejected the role of World Health Organization goodwill envoy had he been formally asked, his spokesman said on Tuesday, days after state media cheered the Zimbabwean president s appointment. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus named Mugabe as a goodwill ambassador on Wednesday at a conference in Uruguay that both men were attending.  But the appointment was rescinded on Sunday following a backlash from Western donors, rights groups and opposition parties. Last Friday, the state-owned Herald celebrated the largely ceremonial appointment as a  New feather in President s cap , adding that Mugabe, 93, had accepted the role. His spokesman told the same newspaper on Tuesday that Zimbabwe s sole leader since independence from Britain in 1980 had only heard about the appointment via the media.  Had anything been put to the president ... (he) would have found such a request to be an awkward one,  Charamba was quoted as saying, citing Zimbabwe s role as a tobacco producer.  The WHO cannot take back what it never gave in the first place, and as far as he is concerned, all this hullabaloo over a non-appointment is in fact a non-event.  Charamba did not respond to calls seeking further comment. Mugabe s critics were outraged by Tedros  announcement, saying he was rewarding a man whose government had presided over the collapse of Zimbabwe s health system. In Geneva, WHO spokesman Christian Lindmeier told a U.N. briefing that there were  no fixed guidelines  for appointing a WHO goodwill ambassador, but that the director-general or his deputies had the power to select them.  On Tedros  decision to rescind Mugabe s appointment, he said:  I think in terms of transparency we were pretty good. A, it was tweeted and B it appeared on the website with the statements immediately.  Charamba said the fact that Zimbabwe was a producer and exporter of tobacco, mostly to China, would have meant Mugabe campaigning against a crop that underpins the economy. Tobacco is Zimbabwe s single largest foreign currency earner, bringing in an average $800 million annually in the last four years, according to official data.  To be seen to be playing goodwill ambassador in respect of an agency which has a well-defined stance on tobacco growing and tobacco selling, that would have been a contradiction,  Charamba said.  In other words, he was not going to oblige the invitation had it come his way anyway.  A Western diplomat in Geneva told Reuters:  It was a mistake, apparently there were no preparations or consultations.   It seems the idea was cooked up in a small group in Uruguay. He acted quickly to rescind it, some would have waited.  But it will be interesting to see what the damage is,  the diplomat said, speaking on condition of anonymity. ",1
16636,Australia expands security assistance to Philippines to combat Islamist militants,"CLARK FREEPORT ZONE, Philippines (Reuters) - Australia on Tuesday announced the expansion of its security support to the Philippines, which will involve training in urban counter-terrorism, to fight the rise and spread of Islamist militancy in the region. The announcement follows the end of the 154-day battle for Marawi city which stunned the Philippine s military inexperienced in urban combat, and fueled concerns Islamic State loyalists wanted to use the southern island of Mindanao as a base for Southeast Asia activity. The battle for Marawi ended on Monday. Philippines authorities said 920 militants, 165 troops and police and at least 45 civilians were killed in the conflict, which displaced more than 300,000 people. Australia, along with the United States, Singapore and China, provided weaponry and technical support, including surveillance aircraft.  All nations must learn from the recent Marawi conflict and the Philippines  experience,  said Australian Defence Minister Marise Payne, adding Canberra and Manila will host a post-conflict seminar to learn from the five-month Marawi conflict. About 80 soldiers from Australia s mobile training team will be deployed in local bases in the Philippines to train army and marine units in urban counter-terrorism warfare, said Payne on the sidelines of an ASEAN Defence Ministers Meeting in Clark, a former U.S. air force base.  The practical training the Australian Defence Forces (ADF) will provide will ensure the Philippines defense force is better able to counter the brutal tactics being employed by terrorists,  Payne told a news conference.  The spread of Daesh-inspired (Islamic State) terrorism is a direct threat to Australia and its interests and we are committed to working with our partners and allies to ensuring Daesh cannot establish a geographic foothold in the region.  Payne said Australia was concerned with Islamic State fighters returning from Iraq and Syria to home countries in Southeast Asia and was working closely with Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines and Singapore to monitor militant movements. Philippine Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana said in the same briefing the government had been provided by Kurdish intelligence, through Manila s embassy in Baghdad, with a list of Indonesians, Malaysians and a few Filipinos who might return home. Lorenzana said the Philippines and Australia are now reviewing the deployment of surveillance planes, which flew four times a week over Marawi since late June. Apart from urban warfare training, Australia will also  enhance provide intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance capability, share information and intelligence and strengthen maritime security engagement and bilateral maritime patrols. An increasing number of Australian warships are expected to make visits to Manila. Canberra is also emerging to be the top source of education and training for local troops. ",1
16637,Russian presidential hopeful says she won't sling mud at Putin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Ksenia Sobchak, a Russian TV personality planning to run against Vladimir Putin in next year s presidential election, attacked his policies on Tuesday but said she would not personally insult him in the campaign because he was a family friend. Sobchak, 35, and the daughter of a former mayor of St Petersburg for whom Putin once worked, said she does not expect to beat Putin, who is a runaway favorite for re-election in March if he chooses to run again. But she said she wants to provide an alternative choice for Russian voters who are frustrated with mainstream politicians. Alexei Navalny, a fierce critic of Putin, has said he believes Sobchak is being used by the Kremlin to blunt protests by liberals alienated from the political process, though she has  denied doing the Kremlin s bidding.  I tell you honestly: I m running against everyone, and this refers to Vladimir Putin,  she said. But she added:  I personally will not insult Putin.   For some, he is a tyrant and dictator ... but for me this is a person who, first of all, helped my father in a difficult situation and de facto saved his life,  she told a news conference to unveil her campaign team. She did however state her opposition to Putin possibly running for a fourth term in power.  I am against the corrupt system which was built in our country during these years and I am against anyone, including Putin, being in power for 18 years.   The fact that the country has no fair elections is the result of those 18 years.  Sobchak is the daughter of Anatoly Sobchak, a reformist Petersburg mayor who hired Putin as an official in City Hall in the 1990s. Sobchak became his mentor. Sobchak lost the mayor s job in a 1996 election. He later moved to France and became the subject of a criminal investigation in Russia for receiving bribes and abuse of office. He denied wrongdoing, saying the case was politically-motivated. The case against him was dropped in 1999, soon after Putin became prime minister. When Sobchak died in 2000, Putin attended his funeral.  Opinion polls show that Putin, 65, who has dominated Russian politics for nearly two decades, will comfortably win re-election if, as most analysts expect, he decides to seek a fourth term in March. He has so far kept silent about his plans. ",1
16638,Pakistan PM tells Tillerson it has 'produced results' in fighting terrorism,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi on Tuesday reconfirmed Pakistan s commitment to the  war on terror  during a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, saying his country had  produced results  fighting the region s Islamist militants.  Relations between uneasy allies United States and Pakistan have frayed in recent years, with Washington accusing Islamabad of turning a blind eye or helping Afghan Taliban and Haqqani network militants who stage attacks in Afghanistan. Pakistan denies doing so. President Donald Trump has vowed to get tough with Pakistan unless it changed its behavior, with U.S. officials threatening further reductions in aid and mooting targeted sanctions against Pakistani officials. Tillerson, on a tour of Asia and the Middle East, arrived in Pakistan on Tuesday afternoon and met with Abbasi, as well as Pakistan s powerful army chief, General Qamar Javed Bajwa.  We are committed in the war against terror, ,  Abbasi told Tillerson, as the two men sat facing each other on a long table.  We have produced results. And we are looking forward to moving ahead with the U.S. and building a tremendous relationship,  added Abbasi, who sat next to Bajwa. During a short part of the meeting available to media, Tillerson told the Pakistani delegation that the nuclear-armed nation was an important U.S. ally in the region.  (Pakistan is) important regionally to our joint goals of providing peace and security to the region and providing opportunity for greater economic relationship as well,  Tillerson said. As well as support for the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani network, another sticking point in the relationship has been growing closeness by the United States to India, Pakistan s arch-foe and neighbor.  Tillerson said last week that the Trump administration wanted to  dramatically deepen  cooperation with New Delhi, partly to offset Chinese influence in Asia. Trump has also called for greater Indian role in Afghanistan. But this deepening in ties has alarmed Pakistan, which has rejected a greater political role for India for Afghanistan as a  red line  for Islamabad. ",1
16639,French judiciary creaking under weight of terrorism cases,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s efforts to combat terrorism and prevent further attacks on its soil are generating so much work for investigators and law courts that further staffing will be needed to keep up, intelligence and justice officials say. The warning comes at a time when President Emmanuel Macron is trying to curb public spending while ensuring security is not compromised, a balancing act that has already prompted an army commander to resign over budget cuts. The workload of the anti-terrorism justice system has risen ten-fold in the past five years, ministry figures show, with a sharp increase since 2014, when followers of the Islamic State group specifically called for attacks targeting the French. More than 240 people have been killed in the past three years in France, including 130 by a group of IS-inspired gunmen and suicide bombers in Paris in November 2015.  Statistics collected by the justice services underscore the scale of the judicial challenge.  In all of 2012, the year Islamist militant Mohammad Merah killed three Jewish schoolchildren and three soldiers near Toulouse - an attack now regarded as a turning point, there were 10 cases of suspected terrorist activity. In 2016, 240 new terrorism-related cases were opened, while in the first three months of 2017 a further 130 were added.  The total workload as of Oct. 9 was 621 cases, of which 452 were either early-stage or full inquiries into suspected Islamist-militant activity, according to justice officials. The number of counter-terrorist investigators at the Paris prosecutor s office has doubled since 2012, but still stands at only 14. Alongside them, the number of so-called investigating magistrates and judges dedicated to counter-terrorism has risen to 11 from 7-8, with another beginning next year.  We are not at breaking point, but the question now is how long it can last like that,  said Pascal Gastineau, head of the French Association of Investigating Magistrates. The workload is piling up in the courts as France cracks down on those who leave for Iraq and Syria to join IS, a number estimated at between 1,800 and 2,000. In the past, terrorism-related convictions meant around 10 years in prison. Now many of those who finance, recruit, join or return from the wars in Syria and Iraq face 20 years in jail. But convictions and the heavier sentences in most cases now require trial by jury of professional magistrates, a slow process that compounds the backlog.  For affairs dating to 2016, a trial will not take place before 2018-2019,  said one judge, who argues for some form of streamlining to process cases more rapidly. ",1
16640,Italy ready to discuss calls for greater autonomy: Gentiloni,"VENICE (Reuters) - The Italian government is ready to open negotiations with Lombardy and Veneto after the two wealthy regions voted overwhelmingly for greater autonomy, Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said on Tuesday. Unlike a recent referendum on independence in Catalonia, which sparked a political crisis in Spain, the Italian votes this weekend were legal, but not binding on Rome. Making clear he had no intention of making a drama out of the twin ballots, Gentiloni said he was ready to discuss how Lombardy and Veneto wanted to proceed.  Here we are talking about how to make Italy work better. We are not calling into question Italy and its unity,  Gentiloni said during a visit to an oil refinery close to Venice, the capital of the northeastern Veneto region.  The government is ready to look into the merits of this ... it will be a complex discussion that can t be done in five minutes,  he added. Regional governments have the right to ask for greater oversight in 23 policy areas, including the environment, infrastructure, health and education. The most delicate negotiations are likely to be over tax returns, with Veneto demanding that it be allowed to spend 90 percent of all the taxes raised on its own territory. Among Italy s 20 regions, Lombardy and Veneto account for just under a third of its economic output and are home to around 25 percent of its population. Italy s poorer, less developed southern regions are worried that they will receive less funding in future if Lombardy and Veneto get to keep more of their own tax take. Five regions in Italy   the islands of Sicily and Sardinia and three relatively small border areas with linguistic minorities   already have special autonomous status under the constitution. Veneto wants to join them. However, this would need a change to the constitution, which the government seems unwilling to accept.  We are ready (to grant greater powers) within the limits fixed by our laws and by our constitution,  Gentiloni said. Negotiations are likely to take many months and look certain to be interrupted by national elections due by next May. Any deal between the government and the regions will have to be approved by parliament.  The latest opinion polls suggest a hung parliament will emerge from the forthcoming election, making it impossible to predict the government formation that will carry on the negotiations. (Refiles, changing headline) ",1
16641,"No 'bespoke' Brexit, transition means 'status quo': Barnier","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said Britain must accept the full economic and legal status quo in a transition period after it leaves the EU and should expect no tailor-made terms on trade in its future relationship. Suggesting a transition should run for 21 months from Brexit on March 30, 2019 until the current EU budget expires at the end of 2020, Barnier said Britain would  certainly  remain subject to EU laws and courts during that transition.  During this period, the EU legal framework including on jurisdiction would continue to apply to Britain,  Barnier said in an interview published on Tuesday in Germany s Handelsblatt newspaper.  We don t have time to invent a new model. So for a short time after the formal exit from the EU the economic status quo would continue to apply, which besides the internal market also includes the customs union and collective political decisions.  In a version of the interview in Belgium s L Echo, he said of the transition:  The only difference is that the British would no longer take part in decisions on European legislation.  British Prime Minister Theresa May has proposed a transition of around two years to give time to put a new free trade pact in place, although she faces opposition in London from some Brexit supporters who want a clean, quick break. Barnier noted that May had rejected the option of staying in the EU single market long-term   the  Norwegian model  as he called it, referring to Norway s membership of the EU internal market, accepting all its rules and costs without having a say.  So we must work on other hypotheses,  Handelsblatt quoted him as saying.  Another option would be a free trade treaty using the example of the CETA agreement with Canada. It would take several years, however, to negotiate such an agreement.  Asked if that meant there could be  a specifically British model  along the lines of the  bespoke arrangements  May has referred to without giving detail, Barnier replied simply:  No.  Quoted by L Echo, he said a trade deal could be agreed in three years   meaning that if talks start in December it would be ready just in time for a transition ending in December 2020. He said his staff were already working on drafting a withdrawal treaty that will include terms for transition. Barnier said he still hoped that May could provide more detail on her offer to meet financial commitments on withdrawal so that EU leaders could agree in December to end their refusal to negotiate a future trade deal. May told an EU summit last week that she could not agree a figure until she knows what trade terms the EU offers. Barnier said it was important to  de-dramatise  talks on the payment. ",1
16642,"Wheelbarrow bomb kills man pushing it in Somalias Puntland, police say","BOSSASO, SOMALIA S (Reuters) - A wheelbarrow exploded outside a police station in Bossaso, a port city in Somalia s semi-autonomous region of Puntland, on Tuesday, killing the lone man pushing it, a police officer told Reuters. Mohammed Abdi, a police officer, told Reuters security personnel had stopped a man outside a police station s checkpoint and then  suddenly his wheelbarrow exploded. Only the wheelbarrow man died.  A Reuters witness saw the debris of the wooden wheelbarrow and the dead porter. Abdi said police did not know what type of bomb had been used or who was behind the attack. ",1
16643,Austrian conservative Kurz and far right to hold coalition talks,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian conservative leader Sebastian Kurz will hold coalition talks with the far-right Freedom Party (FPO), both sides said on Tuesday, bringing the anti-immigration party a step closer to power, which it last held more than a decade ago. Having won last week s parliamentary election with 31.5 percent of the vote, Kurz s party is far short of a majority, needing a partner to gain control of parliament and form a stable government. Only two parties have enough seats to do that with   the Social Democrats (SPO) and the FPO. Kurz, 31, took a hard line on immigration in the campaign that left little space between him and the FPO, and both parties capitalized on a widespread feeling that the country had been overrun during Europe s migration crisis in 2015 and 2016. He called for an end to the current coalition with the SPO when he took over as leader of the People s Party (OVP) in May, arguing in favor of a break with Austria s tradition of often deadlocked centrist coalitions. That left the FPO, a party founded by former Nazis in the 1950s, a more willing partner.  I have therefore decided to invite (FPO leader) Heinz-Christian Strache and the FPO today to take part in coalition talks,  Kurz told a news conference. Strache soon accepted, saying teams from both parties would meet on Wednesday but adding that the FPO would not strike a deal at any cost.  Being part of the government is not an end in itself and only makes sense if we can implement our correct and important policies,  Strache told a news conference.  Therefore no one should think that we will make it easy for the OVP.  Some European leaders have expressed concern about the possible return to power of the FPO, which first became a major force in the 1990s under the late Joerg Haider, who praised Hitler s employment policies.  The party has steadily increased its mainstream appeal in recent years. It says it has turned its back on its Nazi past, though it still frequently has to expel members for anti-Semitic statements. It has also dropped calls for Austria to leave the European Union as most Austrians back membership.  Kurz has sought to allay such concerns and repeated on Tuesday that any government must have a  clear pro-European orientation , though he also wants a streamlined EU that focuses on core tasks like trade and protecting external borders.  Strache said he backed that view of Europe, the fourth of five scenarios for the future of the bloc laid out by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker in March, which Strache called  less but better .  Strache and Kurz on Tuesday both emphasized the importance of cutting taxes. Both believe in restricting benefits for foreigners and making the state more efficient, but the FPO also wants to increase some benefits like the minimum state pension.  In terms of content there are some things that unite us and others that divide us,  Kurz said in a typically vague answer on his expectations of a deal. He hopes to have an agreement by Christmas. The FPO has made control of the Interior Ministry a condition for any deal, but it did not mention that on Tuesday. The OVP and FPO went into government together in 2000, which prompted the rest of the EU to impose short-lived sanctions on Austria over the FPO s accession to power. Given the more guarded response to Austria s election in the aftermath of the migration crisis and the rise of other right-wing parties like France s National Front and the Alliance for Germany, a new tie-up between them is unlikely to provoke the same outrage. ",1
16644,"China says it has freed Swedish bookseller, his whereabouts still unknown","STOCKHOLM/BEIJING (Reuters) - A Swedish bookseller detained in China after publishing books on the personal lives of President Xi Jinping and other Communist Party leaders has been released, Chinese authorities said on Tuesday. The whereabouts of Gui Minhai, a Chinese-born Swede, could not be confirmed, however, and he has yet to contact his family.   Gui was abducted in Thailand while on holiday in 2015, one of five Hong Kong booksellers who went missing that year and later appeared in mainland Chinese custody. The four others have returned to Hong Kong. Chinese authorities say Gui was involved in a traffic accident in 2003, although that is questioned by his family.  According to what we understand, because Gui Minhai has served his sentence for the crime of causing traffic accident casualties, he was released on Oct. 17,  the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in an e-mailed statement to Reuters. The Swedish Foreign Ministry said it had been informed by its Chinese counterpart of Gui s release and that it was working to confirm the information.  However, Gui s family questioned if he really was free. His daughter said he had made no contact with her or any other relatives.   Today it has been a week since October 17 and I still do not know where my father is,  Angela Gui said in a statement.  I am deeply concerned for his wellbeing.      The report of Gui s release coincides with the end of China s 19th Communist Party congress which has further consolidated President Xi Jinping s power. Lam Wing-kee, one of the other four booksellers, told Reuters he did not know Gui s whereabouts.   Lam said he feared the government of Xi would further erode the  one country, two systems  formula that is supposed to guarantee Hong Kong a large degree of autonomy under Chinese rule.   He (Xi) will continue to tighten things (for Hong Kong). There will be no loosening,  he said. Earlier this year, Gui won a prize for free speech and press freedom awarded by Swedish media organization Publicistklubben. ",1
16645,Dutch far-right politician Wilders appeals discrimination verdict,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch politician Geert Wilders questioned the objectivity of the judge hearing his appeal on Tuesday against a conviction last December for inciting discrimination, in a trial he said was politically motivated. On the first day of preliminary hearings Wilders confronted presiding judge Jeanne Gaakeer with her leading role in a foundation that awarded an academic prize in 2016 to someone he called  a left-wing activist .  This concerns me and raises the question whether you are the right person to judge me,  Wilders said, adding that the award winner  has helped organize a large anti-Wilders protest... and represents everything I fight against politically . The judge gave no immediate reaction to Wilders  remarks, but said she would discuss her position with the other members of the three-judge panel after the conclusion of the day s hearings.      Wilders  far right Party for Freedom came second in elections in March, but he was locked out of coalition talks with mainstream parties and now leads the opposition in parliament.     The case against the 54-year-old stemmed from a 2014 campaign rally at which he led chants calling for fewer Moroccans in the Netherlands. He was found guilty but received no sentence and was acquitted of a separate count of inciting hatred. The prosecution, which had sought a fine of 5,000 euros without a prison sentence, has also appealed against the verdict. Wilders  lawyer said the verdict had been a  fatal blow  to freedom of speech.   What should have been the trial of the century on the freedom of speech, became an absolute low point , lawyer Geert-Jan Knoops said in court. This week judges will hear the grounds for appeal from both parties before the full case commences in May. The hearings are being held at a special high-security courtroom. Wilders has lived in safe houses under 24-hour guard since 2004 to protect him from Islamist militants who threatened to kill him. At the 2014 rally, Wilders led a group of supporters chanting that they wanted  Fewer! Fewer! Fewer!  in reference to the number of people of Moroccan origin in the Netherlands.  There are around 400,000 people of Moroccan origin among the Netherlands  population of 17 million people.  As in other EU states such as Germany and France, anti-immigration sentiment in the Netherlands has risen in recent years. Wilders has called for the borders to be closed to immigrants from Muslim countries and mosques to be shut down.  A previous attempt to prosecute Wilders for anti-Islam remarks, such as likening the religion to Nazism and calling for a ban on the Koran, ended in acquittal in 2011. ",1
16646,Iraqi Kurdistan parliament delays presidential elections by eight months,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Elections for the presidency and parliament of Iraq s Kurdistan region set for Nov. 1 have been delayed by eight months, the regional parliament announced on Tuesday. The decision came after the electoral commission said on Monday that political parties had failed to present candidates for both elections amid turmoil in the region following the independence referendum it held on Sept. 25. The proposal to delay the two elections was approved by 60 of 68 MPs who attended the parliamentary session in the Kurdistan Regional Government in Erbil, Rudaw TV said. Eight MPs opposed the proposal and 43 didn t attend, mainly politicians opposed to Kurdistan Regional Government President Masoud Barzani, one of the MPs said. Last week, Iraqi forces captured the oil city of Kirkuk and other territory claimed by the Kurds in retaliation for holding the referendum, dealing a severe blow to Barzani. The current KRG presidency, held by Barzani since 2005, and parliament, elected in 2013, are expected to continue until new votes are held. The loss of Kirkuk prompted calls from Gorran, the main opposition party, for Barzani to resign. ",1
16647,UK Supreme Court hears attempt to change Northern Ireland abortion law,"LONDON (Reuters) - An attempt to change the law in Northern Ireland to allow abortions in cases of rape, incest or serious malformation of the fetus started in the UK Supreme Court on Tuesday with harrowing accounts of women s experiences. A socially conservative province where the Catholic and Protestant faiths exert strong influence, Northern Ireland allows abortion only when a mother s life is in danger. The penalty for undergoing or performing an unlawful abortion is life imprisonment. As a result, women facing tragic circumstances such as a pregnancy resulting from rape or a diagnosis of fatal fetal abnormality, meaning that a baby will not survive outside the womb, have been forced to carry their pregnancies to term.  The impact of the criminal law in Northern Ireland does amount to inhuman and degrading treatment by the state,  said Nathalie Lieven, lead counsel for the Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission which is spearheading the legal action. The commission, an independent body, launched legal action against Northern Ireland s government in 2014, arguing that the law violates the human rights of women and girls. The case has been working its way through the courts ever since. A panel of seven Supreme Court judges in London will hear arguments for and against the proposed changes during a three-day hearing. They will give their judgment at a later date. Lieven began by giving the judges an overview of detailed evidence provided by several women and girls. One of them, Ashleigh Topley, was told when she was four-and-a-half months pregnant in 2013 that her baby s limbs were not growing and she was going to die. Topley was told there was nothing to be done and she had to carry on with the pregnancy until her baby died inside the womb, or until she went into labor which would cause the baby to die. Topley had to endure 15 weeks of anguish as the pregnancy progressed. She has described how people would ask her if it was her first child, if she wanted a boy or a girl, and other well-meaning questions which exacerbated her suffering. In the end, Topley went into labor at 35 weeks and the baby girl s heart stopped. Other cases described to the judges included that of a girl under 13 years old who was pregnant as a result of sexual abuse by a relative. After police and social services got involved, the distraught girl had to be taken outside of Northern Ireland for the first time in her life to have an abortion. Northern Ireland s elected assembly voted against changing abortion laws in February 2016. The law is far less restrictive in the rest of the United Kingdom, and hundreds of Northern Irish women travel to England every year to have unwanted pregnancies terminated. As well as the parties in the case, the court will hear from organizations that support changing the law, such as Humanists UK, Amnesty International and a United Nations working group on discrimination against women.  It will also hear from groups who oppose any reform, such as Catholic bishops from the province and the Society for the Protection of Unborn Children, which describes the legal action as a  crusade against disabled babies . (This version of the story includes updates with details from the hearing) ",1
16648,Six crew from German ship kidnapped in Nigerian waters,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Six crew from a German container vessel have been kidnapped in Nigerian waters, a shipping company said on Tuesday. Four of those taken are Filipino, and one is a Ukrainian national, according to the Philippines department of labor and Ukrainian foreign ministry. Kidnapping for ransom is a common problem in parts of Nigeria. A number of foreigners have, in the last few years, been kidnapped in the Niger Delta, source of most of the crude oil which is Nigeria s economic mainstay.  The vessel was attacked by pirates on early Saturday morning when it was approaching one of the ports of Nigeria,  said a spokesman for Peter Doehle Schiffahrts KG.  Six of the crew were taken off the ship and they are now held by kidnappers in Nigeria,  he said. There were no German nationals among the kidnapped but the spokesman declined to say where those abducted were from. Those kidnapped comprise four Filipinos, one Ukrainian and one Hungarian, officials from the countries involved told Reuters. At the time of the statement there was no official contact with the kidnappers and the vessel had moved away from Nigerian waters with the 12 remaining crew safe, the spokesman said.  The top priority is to try and establish contact with the kidnappers and try to have a quick and safe release of our seafarers,  he said. Germany s foreign ministry did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment. Four of the six abducted crew members are Filipinos, the Philippines labor secretary told Reuters. An official at Ukraine s foreign ministry said preliminary information indicated a Ukrainian citizen was among those kidnapped. He gave no further details.     One Hungarian national was also taken, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the rescue operations. The Hungarian foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",1
16649,Chaotic scenes as suspects wheeled around airport where North Korean leader's brother killed,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Handcuffed, wearing bulletproof vests and under heavily armed guard, the two women accused of murdering the half-brother of North Korea s leader were pushed around a Malaysian airport in wheelchairs on Tuesday during a court visit to the crime scene. Indonesian Siti Aisyah, 25, and Doan Thi Huong, 28, a Vietnamese, are charged with murdering Kim Jong Nam by smearing his face with VX, a chemical nerve agent, at Kuala Lumpur s budget international terminal on Feb. 13. Defense lawyers say the women thought they were involved in a prank for a reality TV show when they encountered a man at the airport and did not know they were handling poison. The two women were brought back to the scene as part of an entourage of court officials, led by trial judge Azmi Ariffin and accompanied by over 200 police officers and dozens of journalists, on a visit to retrace the events that unfolded before, during and after Kim Jong Nam s death. Defense lawyers requested the visit after video recordings of the women on airport closed-circuit television were screened in court. Gooi Soon Seng, Siti Aisyah s lawyer, said the visit was necessary to verify the surroundings and locations where the prosecution say the murder took place.  The CCTV footages were taken from various cameras and various places, so from there we couldn t get a complete picture on how (the incident) took place,  Gooi told a news conference after the visit. The site visit covered various locations in the terminal shown in the videos, such as a restaurant where Siti Aisyah was seen meeting an unidentified man, the toilets where police witnesses said both women had gone to after the attack on Kim Jong Nam, the clinic where the victim sought medical aid and the taxi stands where both suspects were seen after the attack. Huong appeared unwell midway through the three-hour site visit, while Siti Aisyah broke down in tears. Both women were then provided wheelchairs. Defense lawyers later said both Huong and Siti Aisyah were exhausted from being weighed down by their bulletproof vests. Recordings on Feb. 13 show Huong approaching Kim and grasping his face from behind near the airport s check-in counters before quickly leaving. Siti Aisyah could not be seen but was identified by a police witness as a figure running in another direction. The videos also show the women heading to separate bathrooms to wash their hands. Both women were seen meeting with two men, identified only as Mr. Chang and Mr. Y, before Kim Jong Nam s death. According to police, the men had applied liquid on the women s hands, and were among four suspects-at-large charged together with the women for the murder.  CLOSELY-WATCHED TRIAL      The airport visit comes as the high-profile trial entered its third week. Twelve witnesses have testified so far. Forensic and chemical weapons experts said Kim Jong Nam had died of nerve agent poisoning, and that VX had been found on Siti Aisyah and Huong s clothes. Traces of the poison were also found under Huong s fingernails. Prosecutors say Siti Aisyah and Huong conspired with four others who are still at large to kill Kim Jong Nam. South Korean and U.S. officials have said that Kim Jong Un s regime was behind his half-brother s death. Kim Jong Nam, who was living in exile in Macau, had criticized his family s dynastic rule of North Korea and his brother had ordered his execution, according to some South Korean lawmakers. The hearing resumes in court on Wednesday. ",1
16650,Egypt security forces arrest 12 suspected militants south of Cairo: ministry,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian security forces have arrested 12 suspected members of the Islamist militant Hasm Movement in the province of Fayoum 60 km (40 miles) south of Cairo, the Interior Ministry said on Tuesday. A ministry statement said police also confiscated a number of weapons and explosive devices. Hasm, a group that emerged last year and has claimed several attacks on security forces, including the fatal shooting of a policeman and injuries to three others in the province. Egypt accuses Hasm of being a militant wing of the Muslim Brotherhood, the country s oldest Islamist movement which Cairo outlawed in 2013. The Muslim Brotherhood denies this and says it strives only for peaceful political change. An insurgency led by Islamic State militants in Egypt s rugged Sinai Peninsula has killed hundreds of soldiers and policemen since the Egyptian military overthrew President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in mid-2013 - although no official death toll has been released to date. Attacks have increasingly moved to the mainland in recent months, targeting Coptic Christians as well as security officers and checkpoints in and around major Egyptian cities. ",1
16651,Indian state ruled by PM Modi's party defers media curbs until next year,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India s western state of Rajasthan on Tuesday deferred until next year a measure requiring government permission for the publication of details regarding judges and public servants who face accusations over action taken in the course of their duty. The measure, which prescribes jail terms of up to two years for violations, aimed to minimise frivolous complaints against officials, said the government of the state, ruled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi s Hindu nationalist party. In recent years many journalists reporting corruption and attacks on minorities in India have complained of being targeted by online smear campaigns, although there have been no reports of measures elsewhere similar to what Rajasthan proposed. The Editors  Guild of India and the opposition Congress party called Rajasthan s move an attempt to curb media freedom and shield corrupt individuals, criticisms that forced the state to delay discussion on the bill.  The government has agreed to refer the bill to a panel of legislature members,  a state government spokesman told Reuters by telephone, adding that the bill could be introduced, following amendments, in the next assembly session early next year. When introduced this week in the state assembly, it set a six-month deadline for courts to secure the government s permission for any investigations into the actions of judges, magistrates or public servants. In the absence of such permission, it also sought to block publication of the identity, or other personal, or family details of those being investigated. ""No one shall print or publish, or publicize in any manner, the name, address, photograph, family details, or any other particulars which may lead to disclosure of identity of a judge or magistrate or a public servant,"" it added. (bit.ly/2i0w5GZ) The bill s passage by the state legislature would have helped turn into law an executive decree on the subject issued in September that would otherwise have lapsed within six months. When asked about the status of the decree, the state government spokesman declined to comment. Rajasthan was only trying to  shield honest officers so that they can perform their duty , Indian Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters on Monday, but declined further comment,  saying it was a state matter. India has slipped three places to 136 in the 2017 world press freedom rankings of 180 countries, amid growing ""self-censorship"" and attacks by right-wing groups. (rsf.org/en/india)  In a statement, Raj Chengappa, president of the Editors  Guild of India, described the Rajasthan bill as  a pernicious instrument to harass the media, hide wrongful acts by government servants and drastically curb the freedom of the press . ",1
16652,Former Finance Minister Schaeuble elected to head German parliament,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Former German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble was elected president of Germany s Bundestag or lower house of parliament, on Tuesday at its first session after Sept. 24 elections. Schaeuble, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, agreed last month to step aside as finance minister, clearing the way for another party to take the job as part of tricky negotiations to forge a new coalition government. Schaeuble, 75, is known for his hardline insistence on a balanced budget and his leadership during the euro zone crisis, but he faces new challenges in leading the Bundestag, which will include a far-right party - the Alternative for Germany (AfD) - for the first time in decades. ",1
16653,Indonesia passes law to ban organizations deemed against its ideology,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Around 1,000 Indonesians, led by hardline Islamist groups, protested outside parliament on Tuesday as lawmakers approved a presidential decree banning any civil organizations deemed to go against the country s secular state ideology. Tuesday s approval puts into law a policy President Joko Widodo set in a decree in July. The policy was aimed at containing hardline groups who have cast a shadow over the long-standing reputation for religious tolerance in the world s largest Muslim-majority nation.      We have seen mass organizations that are against the Pancasila (state ideology) and have created social conflict,  said Arya Bima, a lawmaker in favour of the policy.  This law doesn t impede freedom of organization or assembly, it strengthens it.   In late 2016 and early this year, groups such as Hizb-ut Tahrir Indonesia (HTI) and the Islamic Defenders Front (FPI), which call for Islamic law to be imposed in Indonesia, led mass street rallies attacking Jakarta s governor, a Christian, whom they accused of insulting Islam.  Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, who in April lost an election to get a new term, was jailed one month later after being convicted of blasphemy, in a court ruling widely criticized in Indonesia and overseas as unjust.  The presidential decree Widodo signed in July ordered the disbanding of all organizations deemed to be in conflict with the secular state ideology. HTI, which seeks to establish an Islamic caliphate, was the first organization to be disbanded under the policy. Pancasila or  five principles  is Indonesia s state ideology, which includes belief in god, the unity of the country, social justice and democracy, and which enshrines religious diversity in an officially secular system. Under the new law, anyone who  embraces, develops of spreads ideology that is in conflict with the (state ideology) Pancasila  can face imprisonment of six months to life, according to a copy of the draft law reviewed by Reuters. Rights activists and civil organizations have decried the move, saying it harks back to the era of authoritarian ruler Suharto, who demanded loyalty to Pancasila and took repressive measures against some opponents. Opposition lawmaker Al Muzamil Yusuf said the new law could  violate democratic rights and remove checks and balances on the government .     During the protest outside parliament on Tuesday, around 5,200 police and military personnel stood guard around the complex in central Jakarta.  A hashtag supporting Widodo s policy was a top trending topic on Indonesian Twitter.  This policy is not about (Widodo) or any political party, it s about safeguarding the unity of the country,  said user @Senopati.     ",1
16654,Pressure on as Xi's 'Belt and Road' enshrined in Chinese party charter,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping s vast  Belt and Road  infrastructure project was unexpectedly included in the ruling Communist Party s constitution on Tuesday, giving it greater policy heft and added pressure to succeed. The party s amended charter, approved at the close of its twice-a-decade congress, pledged to  pursue the Belt and Road initiative , a further sign of Xi s expanding power and evidence that the ambitious  Silk Road -like initiative will endure beyond Xi s tenure. It also underscores how the Communist Party has increased its attention to foreign policy and reflects Xi s growing desire for China to take a global leadership role, analysts said.  Everyone knows that the Belt and Road is very important to Xi, it has his personal stamp and authority,  said Peter Cai, a non-resident fellow at Sydney-based think tank Lowy Institute.  But to have major policy, especially an external engagement policy, to be written into a party constitution, at least in recent memory, it is something quite significant,  he said. First mentioned during a speech Xi gave to university students in Kazakhstan in 2013, the plan is a vehicle for China to take a greater role on the international stage by funding and building global transport and trade links in more than 60 countries. Xi has heavily promoted the initiative, inviting world leaders to Beijing in May for an inaugural summit at which he pledged $124 billion ( 94 billion) in funding for the plan. Local Chinese governments as well as state and private firms have rushed to offer support by investing overseas and making loans.  Some critics argue that China is exporting excess industrial capacity to spread its influence, and that the initiative, which has seen developing countries take on heavy debt, needs higher standards of governance and transparency.  China has made commitments and pledges to many developing countries and it will take that length of time, 10 years or more, to complete the initiative,  said Rajiv Biswas, Asia Pacific chief economist at IHS Markit.  This has also strengthened China s soft power globally, so it wouldn t make sense for China s point of view to suddenly pull away from all of this,  he said.   Other analysts said its inclusion could be a double-edged sword that adds pressure for the initiative, which remains broadly defined and leaves much to interpretation, to succeed.  The danger of having given it greater visibility is that actually there are going to be more of those efforts to play to the policy in a political way rather than considering carefully the costs and benefits of each portion of what one is doing,  said Dali Yang, a professor at the University of Chicago. Many private investors have jumped on the bandwagon to describe their projects as Belt and Road-related, while local governments have rolled out individual Belt and Road plans.  The heads of Chinese firms including China Communications Construction Co and China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation [SASAAI.UL] told Reuters during the week-long congress that they would place greater focus on developing their overseas businesses in support of the Belt and Road initiative. The party congress saw Xi cement his power ahead of a second five-year term and put him in the same company as the founder of modern China, Mao Zedong, with the enshrinement of his political thought into the country s constitution. ",1
16655,Poland's PM Szydlo to reshuffle cabinet soon,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s Prime Minister Beata Szydlo will announce a cabinet reshuffle in coming days, she said on Tuesday, declining to respond to talk that her own job might be at risk. Media and market speculation about a reshuffle has been rife, with the governing Law and Justice (PiS) party thought to be planning to get rid of some ministers weighing on the party s broadly positive popularity ratings as it prepares for regional elections in 2018. On Monday, weekly Sieci Prawdy suggested Szydlo, 54, might herself be replaced by Jaroslaw Kaczynski, who heads the right-wing PiS to which they both belong. Tabloid Fakt said on Tuesday that Szydlo was likely to keep her job, but that others including Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski and Environment Minister Jan Szyszko    both relatively unpopular among the electorate   might be replaced.         Kaczynski, 68, a divisive figure who is one of the least trusted politicians in Poland, exerts huge influence behind the scenes and media have said he might be targeting Szydlo s job ahead of national elections due in 2019.   I do not want the speculation regarding changes in the government to continue. My decisions will be announced soon,  Szydlo told private broadcaster TVN 24.  This decision has been taken - there will be changes in the government. I have discussed this decision with Jaroslaw Kaczynski, which is a natural thing.  Asked about her own possible departure, Szydlo said she did not want to speculate, adding she was not tired or burned out. Opinion polls show Szydlo is the second most trusted politician in Poland, just behind President Andrzej Duda.  If the reshuffle is limited to a few ministers, then it will done out of the natural desire to get rid of the weakest links (in the cabinet),  said Jaroslaw Flis, a sociologist at the Krakow-based Jagiellonian University. The PiS government has divided opinion, putting Poland on a collision course with the EU with policies including increasing control over the judiciary and state media that critics say undermine the rule of law. But the party continues to enjoy strong backing from voters. In a survey released (when) by state pollster CBOS, 44 percent of respondents described themselves as supporters of the government, the largest share in six years. ",1
16656,Up to UK to find concrete proposals over Brexit/Irish border issues: Macron,"PARIS (Reuters) - Britain must find concrete proposals to tackle issues concerning the border between the United Kingdom and Ireland in the wake of Brexit, said French President Emmanuel Macron during a news conference with Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar.  It s up to the UK to come up with concrete proposals to minimize the impact of Brexit on the British/Irish border,  said Macron on Tuesday. Earlier this month, Varadkar had said Ireland wanted Britain to commit to a fallback option that would avoid a customs border returning to the island of Ireland, should its plan of keeping the closest possible ties with the EU fall through. ",1
16657,Philippines environment minister hopeful for end to open-pit mining ban,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines  environment minister said he was hopeful that a ban on open-pit mining would be lifted before the end of the year after a government panel recommended its removal on Tuesday. Lifting the ban would allow the development of some big-ticket mining projects including the $5.9 billion Tampakan copper and gold mine. Open-pit mining is allowed under the mining laws of the Southeast Asian country, the world s top nickel ore exporter. However, the former environment minister Regina Lopez banned it during her 10 months in office, saying the environmental degradation ruined the economic potential of places where it was done. A staunch environmentalist, Lopez stepped down in May after she failed to win congressional confirmation. Roy Cimatu, a former soldier, replaced her and was confirmed in his post by lawmakers earlier this month. The Mining Industry Coordinating Council said in a statement that a majority of the panel voted to recommend that the Department of Environment and Natural Resources  lift the ban on open pit mining provided that mining laws, rules and regulations are strictly enforced.  Cimatu, who co-chaired the council with Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez, said he will follow the recommendation and present it at a Cabinet meeting in the first week of November.  Asked whether the ban will likely be lifted before the end of the year, Cimatu said:  Hopefully.   We will strengthen the regulatory environment surrounding the implementation of open-pit mining,  he told reporters. The Tampakan project in South Cotabato province on the island of Mindanao is the nation s biggest stalled mining venture. Its development was halted after South Cotabato banned open-pit mining in 2010, prompting operator Glencore Plc to quit the project in 2015.  Lopez has said the project would cover an area the size of 700 soccer fields in what otherwise would be agricultural land. Removing the ban would may also lead to the resumption of development of the $1.2 billion Silangan copper and gold mine , also in Mindanao, by Philippine miner Philex Mining Corp. Miners praised the panel s recommendation, saying it is a positive step for the industry.  Open-pit mining is an accepted method worldwide to extract shallow mineral deposits and a lot of our minerals are exactly that,  Ronald Recidoro, executive director of the Chamber of Mines of the Philippines, told Reuters by phone.  The challenge is for it to be done safely and the environment is protected during and after the mining is accomplished.  However, President Rodrigo Duterte said last month he supported the open-pit mining ban given the environmental damage it causes though he would give mining firms time to find other ways to extract minerals. Lopez, in a Facebook post on Tuesday, said open-pit mines pose  very high risks in tropical and archipelagic countries like the Philippines  where strong typhoons are normal.  The Philippines is not a fit and proper place for open pit mining,  she said. ",1
16658,"Kenya opposition chief: people should stay home, not protest during polls","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s opposition leader Raila Odinga told a BBC interviewer that he was not calling for protests during repeat presidential elections scheduled for Thursday, but that he wanted supporters to stay at home and boycott the vote.   We have not told people to protest on polling day. We have not said that at all. We have told people to stay away,  he said in an interview broadcast on Tuesday.  Odinga s comments contradict repeated his previous public calls for protests on voting day.  ",1
16659,UK lawmakers ask Facebook for any evidence of Russian-linked Brexit activity,"LONDON (Reuters) - A British parliamentary committee has written to Facebook s Mark Zuckerberg asking for information on any paid-for activity by Russian-linked Facebook accounts around the 2016 EU referendum and the 2017 UK election. The request was made by Damian Collins, chair of parliament s Digital, Media and Sport Committee as part of its effort to gather evidence for an inquiry it is conducting into fake news.  Part of this inquiry will focus on the role of foreign actors abusing platforms such as yours to interfere in the political discourse of other nations,  Collins wrote in a letter to Zuckerberg circulated to media by the committee. He asked Facebook to provide examples of all adverts bought by Russian-linked accounts, of all pages set up by Russian-linked accounts, information on the targeting of such adverts and pages and how many times they were viewed.  I believe that the information I have requested is in line with that already supplied to Facebook to several United States Senate Committees, including the Senate Intelligence Committee, in relation to the 2016 U.S. presidential election,  wrote Collins. The committee of British lawmakers launched its inquiry into fake news in January but it was suspended when a general election was called for June. The closing date for submitting evidence is Nov. 7. The inquiry aims to shed light on issues such as the impact of fake news on public understanding of the world and response to traditional journalism, the responsibilities of social media platforms and how people can be educated to assess news sources. The issue of whether and how much Russia intervened in the 2016 U.S. presidential election is a huge issue in Washington, where it is the subject of multiple investigations. Facebook said on Oct. 2 that some 10 million people in the United States saw politically divisive ads on its network that were purchased in Russia in the months before and after the presidential election. In Britain, interest in whether Russia also played a part in domestic political processes such as the June 2016 referendum on withdrawing from the European Union and the June 2017 general election has been increasing in recent weeks. Last week, another member of parliament, Ben Bradshaw, called on the government to get to the bottom of reports of opaque funding sources for some elements of the pro-Brexit campaign, citing  widespread concern over foreign and particularly Russian interference . Russia has denied interfering in the internal affairs of other countries. ",1
16660,"China, Southeast Asia aim to build trust with sea drills, Singapore says","CLARK, Philippines (Reuters) - China and Southeast Asian navies aim to hold an inaugural joint maritime exercise next year, Singapore s defense minister said on Tuesday, as they try to build trust amid conflicting claims over the South China Sea. China claims almost the entire strategic waters through which about $3 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims, with tensions exacerbated by Beijing s island-building and Washington s increasing freedom of navigation patrols.  Singapore supports it,  Defense Minister Ng Eng Hen told reporters when asked about China s offer to hold maritime exercises.  We will push it ... for the very reason that all ASEAN and China want that. If you exercise, you at least build understanding and trust.  The exercises were discussed at a meeting between China and Singapore on the sidelines of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Defense Ministers  Meeting at the former U.S. air force base at Clark, north of the capital Manila.  We ll work out the details. See the logistics... and find a suitable area where ASEAN and China navies can exercise together,  Ng said. Singapore and China have not always seen eye to eye in recent months. Singaporean troops have trained in self-ruled Taiwan, an island China claims as its own, which had been an irritant in ties. Last November, Chinese-controlled Hong Kong impounded nine Singaporean armored military vehicles being shipped home from Taiwan, inflaming tension. Hong Kong later released the vehicles. Ng said Singapore also had a proposal to  reduce risk of actual conflict  by agreeing to a new code of unexpected encounters in the air after ASEAN adopted a code to avoid sea encounters.  ASEAN and its eight regional partners, the United States, Russia, China, South Korea, Japan, India, Australia and New Zealand, had agreed to set up a  direct communications link  among them to ease tension. Ng said the United States and Japan also welcomed the idea of exercises.   Secretary (of Defense Jim) Mattis welcomed the exercises together with ASEAN countries,  he said. Ng also hoped for the early conclusion of a code of conduct in the South China Sea after a framework agreement was reached this year to reduce conflicts and misunderstanding. ",1
16661,"Saudis set $500 billion plan to develop border region with Jordan, Egypt","RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia announced on Tuesday a $500 billion plan to create a business and industrial zone extending across its borders into Jordan and Egypt, the biggest project yet in a series of efforts to free the kingdom of its dependence on oil exports. The 26,500 square km (10,230 square mile) zone, known as NEOM, will focus on industries including energy and water, biotechnology, food, advanced manufacturing and entertainment, Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said. Adjacent to the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aqaba and near maritime trade routes that use the Suez Canal, the zone will power itself solely with wind power and solar energy, said the Public Investment Fund, Saudi Arabia s top sovereign fund.  NEOM is situated on one of the world s most prominent economic arteries ... Its strategic location will also facilitate the zone s rapid emergence as a global hub that connects Asia, Europe and Africa.  The Saudi government, the PIF, and local and international investors are expected to put more than half a trillion dollars into the zone in coming years, Prince Mohammed said. There was no immediate comment on the plan from Jordan and Egypt, both of which are close allies of Saudi Arabia. ",1
16662,Recovering from severe malnutrition in Yemen,"HODEIDAH, Yemen (Reuters) - Smiling and sitting down to bread and milk with her family, Yemeni teenager Saida Ahmed Baghili is barely recognizable a year on from the photo of her emaciated frame that came to symbolize the country s humanitarian crisis. Baghili now weighs 36kg (80 lb), according to her father, more than triple the 11kg she weighed last October when Reuters first met her at the al-Thawra hospital in Sana a, where she was undergoing treatment for severe malnutrition. There the 19-year-old was unable to talk, let alone carry her ghostly, skeletal frame, which is now stronger after weeks of specialist care and time at home.  Saida s body got better because she s eating better, but she s still having trouble swallowing,  her father Ahmed Baghili said at their home in Hodeidah this month.  She can only eat milk, biscuits and juice.  Baghili s plight reflects that of many families in the Arabian Peninsula s poorest country, where a two-and-a-half-year war between a Saudi-led Arab coalition and the Iran-allied Houthi movement has claimed 10,000 lives. A quarter of the 28 million population are starving, according to the United Nations, with half a million children under the age of 5 severely malnourished and at least 2,135 people killed by cholera. Ahmed Baghili is only able to supply the basics for his family of 10, who live in a parched village on the Red Sea coast. Saida, whose illness began before the war, is able to help her father tend to a farmer s cattle in exchange for milk, with their income boosted by Ahmed making deliveries on his motorcycle and donations from humanitarian organizations.  However, he says he doesn t have enough money to send Saida for further treatment and still fears for her health. Her last appointment with a doctor was in December.  We re worried she might relapse and then we wouldn t be able to do anything because we have nothing. We don t have the transportation fee, we don t have the fee for anything,  he said. Click on reut.rs/2gxeJkK to see a related photo essay ",1
16663,"South Korea to resume building two new nuclear reactors, but scraps plans for 6 others","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea will resume the suspended construction of two new nuclear reactors from midnight, its energy ministry said on Tuesday, but has torn up plans to build six more reactors as Seoul seeks to meet pledges to cut reliance on nuclear power. The move will restart work on the two reactors that was frozen after President Moon Jae-in came to power in May on a ticket calling for scaling back nuclear power. It comes after results of a survey unveiled last week found a majority of South Koreans actually backed the projects. The world s fifth-biggest nuclear energy user currently runs 24 nuclear reactors, generating a third of the country s total electricity needs.  Construction work (for the two new nuclear reactors) will begin immediately after midnight,  Paik Un-gyu, Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy, told a news briefing in the capital.  But in a bid to press on with Moon s commitment to boost use of natural gas and renewable sources in the nation s energy mix, the ministry said Seoul will also cancel all plans to construct a further six nuclear reactors. The number of nuclear reactors operating in South Korea will be cut to a net 14 by 2038 it said. The ministry said it will use alternative fuels such as solar and wind power to replace the six nuclear reactors with a projected combined capacity of 8.8 gigawatts (GW).     Additionally, the Asia s fourth-largest economy will not allow extending the lifespan of 14 aging nuclear power stations, totaling 12.5 GW of capacity, the statement said. The energy ministry said it will reflect changes in the country s long-term energy mix plan, which is expected to be finalised in November.  ",1
16664,"Tillerson urges Iraq, Kurds to resolve conflict through dialogue","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged the Iraqi government and the Kurdistan region on Monday to resolve their conflict over Kurdish self-determination and disputed territories through dialogue. Tillerson laid out his position at the start of a meeting in Baghdad with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who in turn defended the role of an Iraqi paramilitary force backed by Iran against criticism the secretary of state made on Sunday.  We are concerned and a bit sad,  Tillerson said in his opening remarks.  We have friends in Baghdad and friends in Erbil and we encourage all parties to enter into discussion ... and all differences can be addressed,  he said, referring to the Iraqi and Kurdistan region capitals. The U.S. administration sided with Abadi in rejecting the validity of the referendum held last month in the Kurdish region, which produced an overwhelming yes for Kurdish independence. The administration also called on the two sides to avoid further escalation, after Abadi retaliated against the vote by isolating the Kurdistan region and ordering his troops to seize the oil city of Kirkuk from Kurdish fighters.  We don t want to enter into any battle against any Iraqi component,  Abadi said.  When we entered Kirkuk we sent a clear message that the citizens of Kirkuk are important to us.       It was Tillerson s second meeting with Abadi in as many days. After Sunday s meeting, alongside Saudi Arabia s King Salman, Tillerson said it was time for Iranian-backed militias that had helped Baghdad defeat Islamic State to  go home .  Abadi told Tillerson the paramilitary force called Popular Mobilisation  is part of the Iraqi institutions,  rejecting accusations that it is acting as Iran s proxies.  Popular Mobilisation fighters should be encouraged because they will be the hope of country and the region,  he said. A few hours earlier, Abadi s office published a statement rejecting Tillerson s comments.  No party has the right to interfere in Iraqi matters,  it said [nL8N1MY1UJ]. Washington, which also backed Baghdad against Islamic State, is concerned Iran will use its increased presence in Iraq, and in Syria where it supports President Bashar al-Assad, to expand its influence in the region. Shi ite Muslim Iran s influence in Iraq, where the population is also predominantly Shi ite, has grown since the U.S. invasion of 2003 that overthrew dictator Saddam Hussein, a Sunni.  Iraq s Sunni Muslim neighbours, including Saudi Arabia, share Washington s concern about rising Iranian influence. Tehran has trained and armed the Iraqi Popular Mobilisation forces that have fought, often alongside Iraqi government units, against Islamic State, which was effectively defeated in July when a U.S.-backed offensive captured its stronghold, Mosul. The United States has over 5,000 troops deployed in Iraq and provided critical air and ground support in the offensive on Islamic State. It is also the main backer of the Kurdish-led Syrian coalition that captured the IS stronghold of Raqqa earlier this month. Of the closest groups to Iran within Popular Mobilisation, Asaib Ahl al-Haq, reacted to Tillerson s comment by saying it would be the Americans who will be forced to leave Iraq.  Your forces should get ready to get out of our country once the excuse of Daesh s presence is over,  said Asaib s leader, Sheikh Qais al-Khazali, according to the group s TV channel, al-Aahd. ",1
16665,Turkey's Erdogan says operation in Syria's Idlib largely completed,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday the country s military operation in northwest Syria S Idlib province was largely completed but the neighbouring region of Afrin, controlled by a Kurdish militia, remained an issue. Turkey s army began setting up observation posts in Idlib this month under a deal with Russia and Iran to reduce fighting between insurgents and the Syrian government, but the deployment was also seen partly aimed at containing the YPG militia. Erdogan was speaking in parliament to members of his ruling AK Party. ",1
16666,Hong Kong democracy activists granted bail as they seek to appeal against jail terms,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong s highest court granted bail to two prominent young pro-democracy activists, Joshua Wong and Nathan Law, on Tuesday pending an appeal over their jail terms for unlawful assembly linked to the city s mass pro-democracy protests in 2014. Hong Kong s appeals court jailed Wong, 21, Law, 24 and Alex Chow, 27, leaders of the Chinese-ruled city s democracy movement, in August. Their sentencing came as a blow to the youth-led push for universal suffrage and prompted accusations of political interference. The trio helped lead the largely peaceful  Umbrella Movement  that blocked major roads for 79 days in 2014, demanding Beijing grant Hong Kong full democracy. Hong Kong has been governed under a  one country, two systems  formula since its return from British to Chinese rule in 1997, allowing freedoms not enjoyed on mainland China that include an independent judiciary. Hong Kong Chief Justice Geoffrey Ma, who heads the Court of Final Appeal, granted Wong and Law bail of HK$50,000 ($6,408) each while they appeal against their respective six-month and eight-month jail terms.  There s no flight risk,  Ma told the court. Chow did not apply for bail.  Ma said a Court of Final Appeal hearing would be held on Nov. 7 to consider the trio s applications for appeal. The next legal steps will likely be scrutinised closely, with the jailings having shaken confidence in Hong Kong s vaunted rule of law. Wong, Chow and Law were sentenced last year to community service for unlawful assembly. However, Reuters reported that Justice Secretary Rimsky Yuen had overruled other senior colleagues to re-open the case and push for a harsher sentence that eventually led to their imprisonment. A group of senior international lawyers recently issued a joint letter saying the jailings posed a serious threat to the city s rule of law.  ($1 = 7.8030 Hong Kong dollars) ",1
16667,"Deadly air strike hits Syrian government-held Deir al-Zor: state TV, monitor","BEIRUT (Reuters) - An air raid in the government-held Qusur district of Deir al-Zor city in eastern Syria killed more than a dozen people, Syrian state television and a war monitor said on Monday.  State television said jets from a U.S.-led international coalition battling Islamic State carried out the air strike and that it killed 14 civilians and wounded 32 others.  A spokesman for the coalition said on Tuesday it had not carried out such a raid, and that its only strike in the vicinity in recent weeks took place in September across the Euphrates from the city. The war monitor, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, reported that it was not known which aircraft carried out the strike, but that at least 22 people were killed.  The Syrian army, backed by Russia, Iran and Shi ite militias, is fighting Islamic State in the city of Deir al-Zor, as well as in parts of the surrounding countryside. Both Syrian and Russian jets have been hitting Islamic State in that area.  The U.S.-backed coalition has been conducting air strikes against Islamic State in support of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias to the east of Deir al-Zor across the Euphrates.  The rival U.S.-backed and Syrian army offensives against Islamic State have clashed several times over recent months as they have pushed the jihadists from territory in eastern Syria.  The U.S. and Russia have said they communicate with each other to prevent possible points of conflict of violence between the two offensives.  ",1
16668,India drags feet on GM mustard permit amid powerful opposition,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has frozen requests to commercially release a locally developed genetically modified mustard, an environment ministry document released on Tuesday showed, amid stiff opposition to lab-altered food from domestic activists and politicians. The mustard variety would have been the first transgenic food crop to be allowed for commercial cultivation. But the environment ministry's Genetic Engineering Appraisal Committee (GEAC) has deferred approval despite a panel the ministry supervises giving the genetically modified (GM) mustard technical clearance last year. (bit.ly/2cnUOkZ) ""Subsequent to receipt of various representations from different stakeholders, matters related to environmental release of transgenic mustard are kept pending for further review,"" the GEAC said in minutes of a meeting released on the environment ministry's website marked ""confidential and restricted circulation"". (bit.ly/2yJrRLU) Cotton is the only GM crop currently allowed to be sold in the world s second most populous country where arable land is shrinking. U.S. company Monsanto Co dominates the cotton seed market in India, and often faces resistance from local companies over its position. The environment ministry told parliament on July 31 that GM mustard had been recommended by GEAC to it for ""consideration for environmental release and cultivation"". (bit.ly/2gCNc54) An environment ministry spokesman directed Reuters to GEAC head Amita Prasad, whose office said she was not available. Another GEAC official named on the ministry s website, Madhumita Biswas, did not respond to requests for comment. The decision on the mustard represents a setback for Deepak Pental and his colleagues at the Delhi University, who worked on developing and testing the variety for years. Pental, who earlier acknowledged that getting a go-ahead for GM food would be difficult, declined to comment on Tuesday. GM food has been opposed by activists and politicians in India due to fears that it could compromise food safety and biodiversity. Some experts have also questioned claims that GM crops are more productive than normal varieties. Hindu nationalist group Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh - Hindi for ""national volunteer organization"" and the ideological parent of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ruling party - also opposes GM food and instead wants to promote local varieties. (reut.rs/2y1iytL) Even the previous government, led by the current opposition Congress party, in 2010 placed a moratorium on GM eggplant, also after an experts panel had given its clearance - effectively bringing the regulatory system to a deadlock before Modi revived it. (reut.rs/2gxTMGr) (reut.rs/2yFBgXi) ",1
16669,EU's Juncker says EU will reach a fair Brexit deal with Britain,"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - The European Commission is not negotiating with London in a hostile way and assumes that the EU and Britain will reach a fair deal on Brexit, its president said on Tuesday.  I would like to say that the Commission is not negotiating in a hostile mood. We want a deal. Those who don t want a deal - the  no-dealers  - they have no friends in the Commission. We want a fair deal,  Jean-Claude Juncker told the European Parliament.  We will have a fair deal with Britain. The no deal is not our working assumption,  he continued. ",1
16670,Unlikely allies eye vote to legalize cannabis in New Zealand,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand could become the first country in the Asia-Pacific region to legalize cannabis for personal use after an unlikely alliance of populist, centrist and leftist parties put drug policy immediately on the agenda of the incoming government. Recreational marijuana use is legal in several U.S. states and European nations including the Netherlands and Spain, but countries in the Asia-Pacific tend to have strict prohibitions. Australia recently introduced laws freeing up access to cannabis for medicinal use, but does not allow recreational use. Labour s prime minister-designate Jacinda Ardern said on Tuesday she agreed with a Greens proposal for a referendum to legalize use of recreational cannabis.   We agreed that what we are doing now simply isn t working, so we have said yes to having that referendum,  Ardern told reporters in Wellington. There is no timeframe for possible legalization, which would represent the first major reform of drug laws since the 1970s, but would depend on the public first voting to back reforms.      Anything that helps shift New Zealand drug laws out of the dinosaur age is going to be a good thing,  Ross Bell, executive director of the charitable NZ Drug Foundation, told Reuters.   Arguably it is better for the sustainability of the reform to have a broad church like we ve got with this government, so that it is not just seen as some sort of fringe liberal policy,  Bell said in a telephone interview. Drug law reforms figured in talks to form New Zealand s new government after a Sept. 23 election failed to yield a majority for either the governing National Party or opposition Labour, although neither major party had such a campaign plank. The center-left Labour will govern with support from its new junior coalition member, the populist NZ First, which supports holding referendums on controversial issues. The Greens have offered  confidence and supply  and the diverse group of parties is already starting to deliver a melange of policies, from potential relaxation of drug laws to tighter immigration controls. New Zealand s drug use ranks among the world s highest, a study by the NZ Drug Foundation shows. Too much money is spent on enforcement and convictions, rather than on health policies, says the body, which gets government and private funding. ",1
16671,U.S. coalition denies deadly strike in Syria's Deir al-Zor city,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The U.S.-led coalition on Tuesday denied striking Deir al-Zor city in eastern Syria after Damascus accused its jets of killing more than a dozen people.  Syrian state television had said the U.S.-led coalition hit the government-held Qusur district, killing 14 civilians and wounding 32, on Monday.  The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said it was unclear which aircraft carried out the raid, but that it killed at least 22 people. Colonel Ryan Dillon, a spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State, said on Tuesday that its jets had not conducted air strikes on any part of the eastern city. The coalition says it investigates any such allegations and is careful to avoid civilian casualties in its bombing runs in Syria and neighboring Iraq.  The Syrian army controls much of Deir al-Zor city, after pushing into it last month with the help of Russian air strikes and Iran-backed militias. That advance broke an Islamic State siege of an enclave there which had lasted nearly three years. Syrian troops and allied forces are now fighting Islamic State militants in a few remaining districts of the city, and in nearby parts of Deir al-Zor province. The U.S.-led coalition has been striking Islamic State targets to back an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias in other parts of the province across the Euphrates river. The United States and Russia have said they communicate with each other to prevent possible points of conflict between the two separate offensives. ",1
16672,China top anti-graft watchdog says anti-corruption campaign has 'built into a crushing tide',"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s top anti-graft watchdog has said that a multi-year campaign against corruption is consolidating and would continue to develop, according to a work report released at a key leadership summit. The Central Commission of Discipline Inspection said in the report given to reporters on Monday as part of the closing ceremony of the 19th National Party Congress that the campaign has been  built into a crushing tide . President Xi Jinping s has vowed to battle deep-seated graft in the Party saying that a failure to stop corruption could damage the Party s future. ",1
16673,Three-quarters of Australians vote in same-sex marriage poll so far,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Nearly 12 million Australians, or 74.5 percent of eligible voters, have voted so far in a postal ballot on whether same-sex marriage should be legalised, the Bureau of Statistics said on Tuesday. The poll, which began last month, is non-binding, but the government has said it will put a proposal to parliament to make Australia the 25th nation to permit same-sex marriage, if a majority of voters are in favour of it. The postal survey closes on Nov 7. ",1
16674,Najib will aim to win over voters in last budget before elections,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak will aim to reduce unhappiness over rising costs of living when he unveils his 2018 budget on Friday, ahead of an election that must be held within 10 months. Prices rose sharply in Malaysia - where household debt is among the highest in Asia - after Najib cut subsidies and in 2015 imposed a broad-based consumption tax, denting his popularity.  The leader also faces a political challenge from his mentor-turned-foe, former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who called Najib a thief in connection with a scandal at state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB). Najib has denied any wrongdoing. Najib will bank on the new budget to shore up support before his five-year tenure ends in June. Given the coming election,  it will be more surprising if he announces something not people friendly,  said Brian Tan, a Singapore-based economist with Nomura. Stronger global commodity prices have aided the oil-dependent economy and given Najib some room to boost spending. But progress in narrowing the fiscal deficit - expected at 3 percent this year compared with 6 percent in 2009 - would plateau next year if the government focuses on pre-election spending, said Moody s analyst Anushka Shah.  It depends on what they do... whether they spend it on handouts and be seen as more populist or whether they save it, in which case we should see a reduction in the deficit,  Shah said. Most economists expect the new budget s fiscal deficit target will be slightly below 3.0 percent.  Any widening of the deficit would disappoint foreign investors. They have gradually returned to Southeast Asia s third largest economy as the ringgit currency, after a tumultuous period, strengthened 6 percent against the dollar this year. Najib, who has pushed a pro-business stance since becoming premier in 2009, dismantled decades-old fuel subsidies after narrowly winning the 2013 elections, to stave off the threat of a sovereign rating downgrade. To bolster government revenue in 2018, Najib will likely broaden the scope of the goods and services tax imposed in 2015 to include e-commerce transactions, though he is unlikely to change the 6 percent rate. The extra revenue is expected to fund  goodies  for Malaysia s 1.6 million civil servants - a key vote bank for his Barisan Nasional (BN) ruling coalition - to mitigate the strain from pricier goods and services. Civil servants saw a salary hike between 7 and 13 percent in 2012, ahead of the 2013 polls. But the recent sharp price increases may be eroding support among them. The opposition naturally anticipates that the coming budget will have handouts to help the BN win votes in the election.  Malaysians can expect many goodies... budgets are one of the political tools for Barisan Nasional to prepare them for general election,  said Kerk Chee Yee of the opposition Democratic Action Party (DAP).  Najib, who is also finance minister, has already rolled out billions of ringgit worth of handouts for palm plantation settlers and armed forces veterans, and affordable housing projects, new schools and hospitals across the country.  We have to ensure quality of life of Malaysians (by) introducing more affordable housing, steady level of income growth, managing cost of living and certain initiatives that can supplement income,  Najib said on the government s official budget website. He is likely to maintain cash handouts to low income earners, provide tax breaks for middle income earners and expand policies to provide affordable housing. ($1 = 4.2240 ringgit) ",1
16675,"Factbox: Malaysia 2018 budget seen lifting cash aid, making GST change","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia s Prime Minister Najib Razak presents the government s 2018 budget on Oct. 27. Below are some items that it could feature, according to analysts  research notes and Malaysian media reports. OCBC Bank expects another year of cash handouts, estimating that the allocation will rise to 7.5 billion ringgit ($1.78 billion) from the 6.8 billion ringgit spent in 2017. The government may consider expanding the scope of the goods and services tax, which was introduced at 6 percent in April 2015, to cover e-commerce transactions, according to a note by UOB. Middle income earners could get tax breaks as Najib looks to soften the blow from rising living costs, according to Nomura economist Brian Tan. The last time the government announced tax cuts was 2014. Najib has said that civil servants can expect  good news  in the 2018 budget. Salaries were last raised between 7 and 13 percent in 2012, and in July 2016 the minimum wage was raised from 832 ringgit to 1,200 ringgit, according to data from HSBC. The government announced in April that minimum wage will be reviewed for a possible adjustment in 2018. The current rate is 1,000 ringgit in the peninsula and 920 ringgit in Sabah and Sarawak. The government is expected to raise its allocation to develop affordable housing for 2018. In this year s budget, 700 million ringgit was allocated to build affordable options such as Rent-To-Own schemes offering properties for as low as 35,000 ringgit to low-income earners. ",1
16676,Canada's Liberals win Quebec seat in sign of pre-election strength,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada s ruling Liberals won a special election in Quebec on Monday, picking up a parliamentary seat in a province where insiders say the party needs to do better if it is to retain power in a 2019 federal election. Provisional results showed Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s Liberals won the constituency of Lac-Saint-Jean with about 36 percent of the vote, with the separatist Bloc Quebecois in second place and the opposition Conservatives close behind in third. The Conservatives had held the seat before the sitting legislator retired earlier this year. The Liberals, who now hold 41 of Quebec s 78 seats, privately say they need to win another 12 in the province to offset expected losses elsewhere and maintain their majority in the House of Commons in an election in October 2019. Quebec polls show the party far ahead of the Conservatives and Bloc Quebecois in province-wide support. National opinion surveys though show Trudeau s government is slipping in popularity amid an alleged conflict-of-interest problem involving Finance Minister Bill Morneau. Provisional results also showed the Conservatives easily retaining the seat of Sturgeon River-Parkland in the western province of Alberta, the party s stronghold. ",1
16677,"Trump to press China on North Korea, trade on Beijing visit","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will urge President Xi Jinping to make good on his commitments to pressure North Korea when he visits China next month, a senior White House official said on Monday, stepping up a strategy to have Beijing help rein in Pyongyang. Isolating North Korea further over its nuclear and ballistic missile tests is a key goal for Trump on what will be his longest foreign trip to date. Trump will call on Xi to fully implement U.N. Security Council resolutions against Pyongyang and take other steps to pressure North Korea.  China, North Korea s sole major ally, accounts for more than 90 percent of trade with the isolated country. China has said it will strictly enforce U.N. Security Council sanctions banning imports of coal, textiles and seafood, while cutting off oil shipments to the North.      But a senior White House official who briefed reporters ahead of Trump s trip said China needs to do more to comply with two U.N. Security Council resolutions that were approved unanimously, including with China s support.  We would like to see China follow through on those commitments. We would like to see China do things bilaterally as well that might even go beyond things that are mandated by those U.N. Security Council resolutions,  the official said. Though China has been angered by North Korea s repeated nuclear and missile tests and demanded they stop, Beijing also sees the United States and South Korea sharing responsibility for rising tensions because of military drills they carry out in the region. South Korea, the United States and Japan started a two-day missile tracking drill on Tuesday, South Korea s military said in a statement, in preparation for any missile or nuclear threats from North Korea. The exercises will be held in waters off the coasts of South Korea and Japan, South Korea s Joint Chiefs of Staff said, with four Aegis combat system-equipped ships from all three countries participating in the drill. China s special envoy for the North Korea nuclear issue, Kong Xuanyou, met his U.S. counterpart, Joseph Yun, in Beijing on Monday, China s Foreign Ministry said, where they had a  deep exchange of views on the Korean peninsula issue . The ministry did not elaborate. Trump, who has threatened to  totally destroy  North Korea, has frequently asked China to help rein in North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. But this strategy has so far failed to stop Pyongyang conducting nuclear bomb tests at an underground facility and firing ballistic missile tests into the Pacific Ocean over Japan. The threat from North Korea has grown to a  critical and imminent level  and the United States, Japan and South Korea must address the matter, Japanese Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera told his U.S. and South Korean counterparts in talks on Monday. Onodera s remarks underscored the deep concern in Tokyo about North Korean weapons tests as Pyongyang seeks to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States. The White House official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Trump is looking for a peaceful resolution of the North Korea standoff. Asked by reporters whether an offer by former President Jimmy Carter to serve as a U.S. envoy to North Korea would be accepted, the official said:  There s nothing planned.  Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said on Monday he outlined for Trump his country s efforts to pressure North Korea over its nuclear program but also advised the U.S. leader to use talks to help resolve the conflict.  There is no quick and easy solution. Pressure is necessary but so is dialogue. The U.S. will need to work with others, including China, South Korea and Japan and Russia to resolve the issue,  he said. With Xi consolidating power in the wake of a Communist Party Congress in Beijing, Trump believes the Chinese president will have a greater authority to take steps against North Korea, senior administration officials said last week. Trump s Nov. 3-14 trip will include visits to Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines. Trump will also be tough on trade during talks with Xi as he seeks to reduce the U.S. trade deficit with China, the White House official said.  We have huge barriers that Americans companies have to surmount to gain access to the Chinese market. The president is intent on rectifying that situation,  the official said.    Despite Trump s fierce criticism of China s trade practices during the presidential campaign, he has mostly held off on any major trade action while his administration works with Beijing on North Korea. China has insisted it is doing all it can, and some Chinese diplomats say the Trump administration has overestimated how much influence Beijing has over its defiant neighbor. Even as China has shown signs of tightening enforcement of sanctions on North Korea, it has stopped short of agreeing to U.S. demands for a fuel embargo and has urged the United States to negotiate with Pyongyang. ",1
16678,New Zealand PM-designate confirms review of central bank act,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - New Zealand prime minister-designate Jacinda Ardern said on Tuesday her new Labour-led government planned to review and reform the central bank act.  Labour has already said it wants to add employment to the Reserve Bank of New Zealand s mandate, alongside inflation, to give it a dual target. New Zealand First, the junior partner in the coalition government, also wants to broaden the central bank s focus to include greater management of the local dollar s value against other currencies.  We have been looking at changing the objectives set out in the Reserve Bank Act,  Ardern told reporters, adding that both employment and price stability would be part of that review. ",1
16679,"Venezuela governors sworn in, showing opposition disunity","CARACAS (Reuters) - In another setback for Venezuela s dispirited opposition, four of its five state governors broke with their coalition s official stance on Monday to swear themselves in before a pro-government legislative superbody. The Democratic Unity coalition went into the Oct. 15 gubernatorial polls as favorites for a big win against President Nicolas Maduro s candidates because of voter anger at a brutal economic crisis in the OPEC member. But it ended up taking just five of 23 states. Initially alleging fraud, the opposition later acknowledged that abstentionism in its ranks played a big part in the defeat, which shed doubt on its ability to beat the ruling socialists in next year s presidential vote. After the regional ballot, the coalition said none of its winning candidates would  kneel  before the pro-Maduro Constituent Assembly body, which it has refused to recognize since its establishment in an election in July.   But the newly elected governors for Tachira, Merida, Nuevo Esparta and Anzoategui - all from the Democratic Action party, one of Venezuela s biggest and oldest - swore themselves in before assembly directors as a prerequisite to taking office. After presiding over the ceremony, Constituent Assembly head Delcy Rodriguez chided the one winning opposition candidate, Juan Pablo Guanipa of oil-rich Zulia state, who held out.  These actions will have consequences,  she said. Maduro previously warned there may be a new election in any state where the winner does not swear loyalty to the assembly. Guanipa, of the Justice First party, which has a militant line against Maduro, said he would not legitimize the  fraudulent  Constituent Assembly whose election the opposition boycotted.  Zulia will never kneel before the dictatorship,  he added. Critics see the creation of the Constituent Assembly, which has superseded all powers including the opposition-led congress, as the cementing of dictatorship in Venezuela. Major Western and Latin American nations have refused to recognize its legitimacy. But Maduro said it was the only way to bring peace back after four months of opposition protests this year that led to 125 deaths, thousands of arrests and injuries, and widespread damage to property and infrastructure. Appearing on state TV late on Monday, Maduro said he had congratulated the four Democratic Action governors by telephone and would meet with them, possibly as soon as Tuesday.   I ve told them:  Let s turn the page ... and get down to work,  he said. Democratic Action is one of the biggest parties in the opposition coalition, and its decision on Monday infuriated many opposition supporters who viewed it as a sellout. The move could presage a complete reformulation, or possible breakup, of the coalition, which consists of more than two dozen parties and has long suffered from infighting.  We are going to see a new unity. In the worst crises and circumstances, opportunities always crop up,  wrote opposition leader Henrique Capriles, of the Justice First party, hinting at imminent changes.    The coalition s biggest triumph was a resounding victory at December 2015 legislative elections. But it has been in the doldrums since Maduro survived this year s protests, and many Venezuelans perceive its leaders as elitist.  Further pummeling his foes, Maduro named five senior officials as  protectors  for the states won by the opposition, undermining its influence on the ground by granting new funding and parallel responsibilities to government figures there.        ",1
16680,India's Gandhi scion seeks revival in PM Modi's backyard,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Rahul Gandhi, the scion of India s most fabled political dynasty, will within weeks be crowned leader of the Congress party, handing him a freer rein to prove if he can mount a credible challenge to the dominance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The great-grandson of India s founding prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, has struggled to convince voters - and many in his party - that he is leadership material, especially after a drubbing in the 2014 general election.  Modi s depiction of the 47-year-old as an undeserving  prince  has helped sideline Gandhi since the last national vote, during which time Congress has suffered some of its worst ever local election results. But this year the economy has stumbled, and Congress politicians hope a round of state elections, beginning in Modi s home state of Gujarat, offer them - and their leader - a shot at revival ahead of the next national poll in 2019. Gandhi will soon take over as Congress president from his 70-year-old mother, Sonia Gandhi, a symbolic promotion that three Congress officials said they hoped would free his hand to shift the narrative from a clash of personalities - which Modi has so far resoundingly won - to a debate about policies.  You will see many changes and every change will be a reaffirmation of what Congress s core beliefs are,  said party MP and senior leader Jyotiraditya Scindia, who works closely with Rahul Gandhi.  The right time has come to strike a chord with the masses against Modi s governance style, and we will not miss it.  Congress insiders acknowledge their leader has sometimes made it easy for Modi s Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to question his commitment to politics.  The key problem with Rahul Gandhi has been his lack of consistency,  said a senior party figure, who declined to be identified.  He frequently takes a break after few roadshows and it is this inconsistency that has been a huge issue.  But Congress officials say Gandhi has recently been finding his stride criticizing Modi for failing to create jobs, while the party has won a handful of recent by-elections.  Gandhi is traversing Gujarat, the western state where Modi made his name, to fire up his party workers.  He has ditched some of the party rallies for one-on-one meetings with trade unions, dairy workers and small traders - a traditional Modi powerbase that has been hit hard by recent economic reforms championed by the prime minister.  Modi has taken notice. Last week he told workers from his Hindu nationalist BJP that the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty would  destroy Gujarat . His party president, recently dispatched to the Gandhi family heartland in northern India, said this month that Gandhi needed to swap his  Italian  glasses for  Gujarati  spectacles to see the economic development the BJP had brought to the region, in a jibe at his Italian-born mother s roots.  BJP would love it to be a war of personalities. Congress has to frame it as a war of two different approaches, even ideologies,  said Sandeep Shastri, a political scientist and Congress expert at Jain University.  Gandhi, who rarely talks to the media, declined a Reuters interview request.   Rahul s father, grandmother and great-grandfather were all prime ministers in post-independence India. But critics deride Gandhi as a political lightweight who depends on his family name for power. Bursts of political energy have been followed by lengthy absences. In 2015 he took nearly two months of leave, prompting Modi s party to accuse him of  holidaying  while parliament was in session.  Congress now governs states home to less than 10 percent of India s 1.3 billion population, its powerbase shriveled under the onslaught of Modi s popularity. Congress insiders acknowledge the party is unlikely to win the December election in Gujarat, but cutting into the BJP majority in the state would send a powerful signal that Congress under Gandhi has a fighting chance against a still-popular Modi. Gandhi has set up a new social media team in New Delhi to work on his image, and officials say he has been forging better ties with regional parties that are often key powerbrokers in India politics. On a recent tour of Gujarat, Gandhi reached out to the frustrations of the state s powerful business community with a new tax regime, including small traders such as those selling dry fruits. Different tax rates on almonds and cashews, imposed under a new national sales tax Modi s government launched in July, had left traders confused and damaged sales during the peak festival season.  We have to show him as the face of the party before Gujarat elections,  said a close aide, who declined to be named.  BJP leaders say they are untroubled, and that any small bounce in Gandhi s standing will die down once the economy strengthens. Modi has called the slowdown a blip.  What does his claim to fame rest on?,  said Nalin Kohli, a national spokesman for the BJP.  Two months of campaigning does not make him an active politician.   ",1
16681,"South Korea, U.S., Japan kick off two-day missile tracking drill: South Korea military","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea, the United States and Japan started a two-day missile tracking drill on Tuesday, South Korea s military said, in preparation for any missile or nuclear threats from North Korea. The exercises will be held in waters off the coasts of South Korea and Japan, the South Korean military said in a statement. The drills have been taking place every few months following an agreement made during a Security Consultative Meeting between South Korea and the United States last year. ",1
16682,U.S. needs to work with others on North Korea crisis: Singapore PM,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said on Monday he outlined for President Donald Trump his country s efforts to pressure North Korea over its nuclear program but also advised the U.S. leader to use talks to help resolve the conflict.  Pressure is necessary, but so is dialogue,  Lee said in remarks with Trump at the White House.  The U.S. will need to work with others, including China, South Korea and Japan and Russia, to resolve the issue.  He urged Trump to build a good relationship with China, noting that Singapore and other countries in the region  watch your relations with China very closely  and see it as  the most important bilateral relationship in the world.  ",1
16683,U.N. says Sri Lanka's delay in post-war reconciliation involves risks,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - Long delays in Sri Lanka s post-war reconciliation is not without cost, and its government should implement measures to resolve outstanding issues, the United Nations said on Monday.  President Maithripala Sirisena s government in 2015 agreed with the U.N. to investigate alleged war crimes in the final phase of a 26-year civil war. It then requested a two-year extension to fulfill that commitment. Both sides in the conflict - the government military and the separatist Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam - were equally responsible for war crimes, according to the U.N. The government has agreed to establish a special court to investigate the alleged crimes and return land occupied by the military in the north.  However, much of the process has been delayed by the government amid worries it will lose popularity among Sinhala Buddhists, Sri Lanka s majority community, analysts say.  After a two-week fact-finding mission, U.N. special rapporteur Pablo de Greiff said such delays raise questions about the determination of the government to undertake a comprehensive transitional justice program.   Long delays between the acknowledgment of obligations to establish transitional justice measures and the fulfillment of these involves risks: no one should be under the impression that waiting is a costless alternative,  he told reporters in Colombo after concluding his mission. He also said the process has been increasingly ethnicized.   As a result, transitional justice is represented as if it were essentially a threat to the majority community, of interest to one of the minorities only   and all others left at the margins,  he said. Many Sri Lankans oppose foreign involvement, and supporters of former president Mahinda Rajapaksa believe the U.N. resolution on the need to investigate war crimes aims to punish the military unfairly. The international community has urged a judicial process to hold out a realistic prospect of punishment for senior figures in Rajapaksa s government and military, as well as Tamil Tiger rebels, who waged a bitter final battle in which the U.N. has said up to 40,000 people were killed. ",1
16684,"Rohingyas must go home but to safety, Bangladesh says","GENEVA (Reuters) - Bangladesh called on Myanmar on Monday to allow nearly 1 million Rohingya Muslim refugees to return home under safe conditions, saying that the burden had become  untenable  on its territory. About 600,000 people have crossed the border since Aug. 25 when Rohingya insurgent attacks on security posts were met by a counter-offensive by the Myanmar army in Rakhine state which the United Nations has called ethnic cleansing.  This is an untenable situation,  Shameem Ahsan, Bangladesh s ambassador to the United Nations in Geneva, told a U.N. pledging conference.  Despite claims to the contrary, violence in Rakhine state has not stopped. Thousands still enter on a daily basis.  Vital humanitarian aid must continue, Ahsan said, adding:  It is of paramount importance that Myanmar delivers on its recent promises and works towards safe, dignified, voluntary return of its nationals back to their homes in Myanmar.  Bangladesh s interior minister was in Yangon on Monday for talks to find a  durable solution , he said. But Myanmar continued to issue  propaganda projecting Rohingyas as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh , Ahsan said, adding:  This blatant denial of the ethnic identity of Rohingyas remains a stumbling block.  Myanmar considers the Rohingya to be stateless, although they trace their presence in the country back generations. Filippo Grandi, U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, later told journalists that the two countries had begun talks on  repatriation . Conducive conditions have to be  recreated  in Rakhine, he said.  This must include a solution to the question of citizenship, or rather lack thereof for the Rohingya community,  Grandi said. Khaled al-Jarallah, deputy foreign minister of Kuwait, called on Myanmar authorities to  cease the practice of stripping the Rohingya minority of their right of citizenship, which as a result deprives them of the right to property and employment . Jordan s Queen Rania visited Rohingya refugee camps on Monday and called for a stronger response from the international community to the plight of the Rohingya who fled to Bangladesh to escape  systematic persecution  in Myanmar.   One has to ask, why is the plight of this Muslim minority group being ignored? Why has the systematic prosecution been allowed to play out for so long?  she asked after touring the camps. The United Nations has appealed for $434 million to provide life-saving aid to 1.2 million people for six months. A total of $344 million has been raised so far, a final U.N. statement said.  We need more money to keep pace with intensifying needs. This is not an isolated crisis, it is the latest round in a decades-long cycle of persecution, violence and displacement,  U.N. humanitarian chief Mark Lowcock told the talks. An estimated 1,000-3,000 Rohingya still enter Bangladesh daily, William Lacy Swing, head of the International Organization for Migration (IOM) said. He called them:  these most rejected and vulnerable people in the world.  Joanne Liu, president of the charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) or Doctors Without Borders, described them as  the walking dead .  There are only 210 hospital beds for 1 million refugees, malnutrition is on the rise and latrines are lacking to prevent contamination, she said.  The camp is a time-bomb, ticking towards a full-blown health crisis.  ",1
16685,China court uses social media to shame debtors: China Daily,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - A local court in the eastern Chinese city of Wenzhou is using social media to shame people into repaying their debts, the China Daily reported on Tuesday. Citizens who ignore court repayment orders have been subjected to targeted advertisements on the popular Chinese social media app WeChat, notifying their contacts about the amount of money they owe, the paper said. It said the court in Wenzhou s Ouhai district had released the names and photos of 20 local defaulters owing a total of 10.7 million yuan ($1.61 million). Though China has sought to make more credit available to individuals in a bid to develop a consumer economy, officials have expressed concern about surging levels of household debt, which is estimated to have doubled in less than a decade to reach around 50 percent of gross domestic product.  China s outstanding household consumer loans surged nearly 30 percent by the end of September from a year earlier, and the country s central bank governor recently issued a strong warning about the risks of rapidly rising debt. With no reliable nationwide credit rating system, authorities across the country are looking for ways to crack down on people who fail to repay.  ",1
16686,Brazil seeks to revoke asylum of Italian ex-guerrilla convicted of murder,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The Brazilian government told the Supreme Court on Monday that President Michel Temer has the authority to revoke the asylum status a former left-wing guerrilla convicted of murder in Italy and extradite him at his country s request. Cesare Battisti committed four murders in the 1970s when he belonged to a guerilla group called Armed Proletarians for Communism, according to the Italian government. He escaped from prison in 1981 and lived in France before fleeing to Brazil to avoid being extradited to Italy. Brazil s Supreme Court authorized Battisti s extradition in 2009, but he was not sent back to Italy because former leftist President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva granted him refugee status on his last day in office in 2010. In a note to the top court, the government s chief lawyer Grace Mendon a argued that extradition was a political decision that only the president could make.  She reminded the court that it had approved Battisti s extradition in 2009 and asked the justices to reject a habeas corpus writ issued ten days ago by one of its members. Battisti was arrested on Oct. 4 as he tried to cross the border into Bolivia in a taxi, apparently fearing that Brazil s government was about to revoke his asylum status at Italy s request. He was freed two days later. Lula s refusal to extradite Battisti upset relations between Brazil and Italy. Temer, a center-right president who took office when Lula s handpicked successor, Dilma Rousseff, was impeached last year, decided it was time to remove that thorn.  ",1
16687,Politically charged murder trial of Mexican immigrant starts in San Francisco,"(Reuters) - The trial of a Mexican man accused of murdering a woman while illegally in the United States began in San Francisco on Monday, a case that President Donald Trump has cited as an example of the dangers posed by lax border security. Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, also known as Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, has said he shot Kate Steinle by accident on a pier in the California city on July 1, 2015. He has pleaded not guilty to second-degree murder, a charge that can bring between 15 years to life in prison. Court officials confirmed the trial had started but did not offer further details of the proceedings.   He did not know the object in his hand was a gun,  Matt Gonzalez, an attorney for the defendant, was quoted as saying by NBC Bay Area before he headed into the courtroom.  He does not bear criminal responsibility.  Assistant District Attorney Diana Garcia declined to comment on the case. Prosecutors have accused the defendant of recklessly pointing a stolen gun at people on the pier. Prosecutors and defense attorneys were in court and not immediately available for comment. Garcia Zarate had been deported to Mexico five times since first entering the United States as a juvenile, the San Francisco Chronicle and other local media reported.  Steinle has been frequently invoked by name by Trump as part of his signature pledges to halt illegal immigration and crack down on so-called  sanctuary cities  that refuse to comply with certain federal immigration laws. In June, the U.S. House of Representatives voted 228-195 to pass the  No Sanctuary for Criminals Act,  which would withhold some federal grants to sanctuary cities. By a vote of 257-167, the chamber also passed  Kate s law,  named for Kate Steinle, to increase penalties for illegal immigrants who return to the United States. Under the laws, immigrants in the country illegally would face mandatory detention for past convictions of an expanded number of offenses. San Francisco, like other sanctuary jurisdictions, has defended its approach as making the city safer, saying its practice of not inquiring about immigration status makes immigrants, including those in the country illegally, more willing to report crimes. ",1
16688,Liberia party submits complaint over alleged vote fraud,"DAKAR (Reuters) - The Liberty Party that placed third in the first round of Liberia s presidential elections on Monday submitted a complaint to the elections commission (NEC), calling for it to annul the result won by former soccer star George Weah, the document showed. If the contents of the Liberty Party (LP) complaint, which was seen by Reuters, are deemed valid, it could force a re-run of what is expected to be the West African country s first democratic transfer of power since 1944. Its candidate lawyer Charles Brumskine placed third after Weah placed first and the ruling party s Joseph Boakai second. The complaint was filed by the presidential and vice-presidential candidates as well as all representative candidates of the Liberty Party. International observers, including The Carter Center and the National Democratic Institute, said they did not see any major problems with the vote. In its complaint, the Liberty Party alleges various problems ranging from the late opening of polls to the absence of queue controllers but also included fraud allegations, including by NEC officials.  NEC officials were not immediately available outside of normal office hours.  In one case, the LP alleges that an NEC officer had pre-marked ballots in his possession. In another, the LP said an official misrepresented the number of ballots for the party s candidate.  These elections were characterized by gross irregularities and fraud, which undermined the integrity of the elections and deprived thousands of Liberians of their constitutional right to vote,  the document said. The second round run-off is scheduled for next month. ",1
16689,Most EU states push reform of labor rules sought by France's Macron,"LUXEMBOURG/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Most European Union states agreed on Monday on reforming the bloc s labor rules that poorer countries value for giving them a competitive edge but French President Emmanuel Macron criticizes for undercutting his workers. The issue of the so-called posted workers pits wealthier countries against poorer peers keen to preserve current rules that allow their citizens to work elsewhere in the bloc for salaries higher than they would get at home but still lower than the local labor force. Macron has put reforming the so-called posting of workers directive high on the EU s agenda and is backed by Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands, among others. After some 12 hours of negotiations among labor ministers in Luxembourg, most of the EU s 28 members backed a compromise that would cap posting workers abroad at 18 months and introduce a four-year transition between reaching a final agreement on the reform and its taking effect. Hungary, Lithuania, Latvia and Poland said they could not back the proposal, while Ireland, Britain and Croatia abstained over concerns that the new rules would hurt their transport industries.  Europe is moving forward, I salute the ambitious agreement on posted workers: more protection, less fraud,  Macron said in a post on Twitter late on Monday.  The Dutch minister praised the deal, saying all workers deserved protection from unfair competition. His Hungarian colleague said the final text was vague and left too much scope for interpretation. Most EU countries were taking the floor on the matter throughout the day of negotiations on the politically sensitive reform, with one key point of contention being whether to keep international road transport covered by any new posting rules, as sought by Berlin and Paris among others.  Spain, Ireland, Portugal and several states on the EU s eastern flank wanted that exempted and subject to a separate law. In the latter group, Poland is the biggest exporter of cheap labor force in the EU.  The bloc s executive Commission in the end declared that part of the transport sector, namely transit, would not be regulated by the posting rules.   The transport sector is a special case because of the industry s mobile nature, (and) there are several texts on the sector being discussed which will detail exactly how it will be applied,  an official at the French president s office said.      While one camp says cheap workers  easy access to their countries is weighing on salaries and undermining the labor market, the other says tightening rules amounts to protectionism and weakens competition.  It s about fairness on the labor market,  said the EU s top jobs official, Marianne Thyssen.  I am all in favor of freedom of movement but it must be organized in a fair way ... The internal market is based on rules, it s not a jungle.  Poland, the Czech Republic, Romania and other easterners say they should be allowed to compete with lower wages to catch up with the wealthier west after decades of communist malaise. Macron embarked on a tour of eastern Europe over the summer as he tries to get countries on board, and some such as Bulgaria and Slovakia backed the agreement.   The 18-month agreement   written down as a 12-month cap with a possible 6-month extension   bridged most differences over the maximum period allowed for sending workers abroad under posting rules before they fall under the host country s labor laws. The ministers gave a green light to opening negotiations on the reform with the European Parliament, which will likely bring more changes to any final agreement.  Apart from the future of transport, other themes still open include exact remuneration rules for the posting of workers, which is profitable for companies because of the wage gap in the EU.  While the estimated 2 million posted workers only make up a tiny fraction of the bloc s workforce, the issue has driven a wedge between the richer states at the center and their poorer peers on the peripheries. For Macron, the reform is seen as crucial to convince his voters of a need for difficult economic reforms at home by showing he stands up for their interests in the EU.  European lawmakers last week agreed their own stance on the matter, including by proposing a 24-month limit on working abroad under posting rules, and ensuring that such mobile workers are entitled to the same bonuses as the locals.  ",1
16690,Morocco arrests six suspected Islamic State militants,"RABAT (Reuters) - Moroccan authorities said on Monday they had arrested six suspected Islamic State militants who had been planning attacks. The arrested belonged to a group linked to Islamic State that was dismantled this month which had been active in eight towns and cities and which had planned terrorist operations, an official statement said. One of the six arrested was an expert in explosives, the statement said. Eleven other militants had already been arrested earlier this month. Moroccan authorities say they have dismantled dozens of jihadist cells since 2002, including about 50 with alleged links to Islamic State.  ",1
16691,Austrian conservative Kurz says needs more time on coalition,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian conservative leader Sebastian Kurz said on Monday he needs more time to decide which party he will hold coalition talks with but did nothing to dampen expectations that he will turn to the far right. Kurz s People s Party (OVP) won last week s parliamentary election with 31.5 percent of the vote, well short of a majority, which means it needs a partner to form a stable government. He had been expected to announce which party he would be inviting to coalition talks on Monday after spending the weekend talking with the leaders of all parties entering the new parliament.  It has yet to be decided with whom we want to start negotiations. I will clarify that in the coming hours or days,  Kurz said after meeting President Alexander Van der Bellen.   There are certain issues that I would like to discuss again informally or clear up before I start negotiations,  he told reporters, declining to elaborate. European leaders have expressed guarded concern about the possible return to power of the Freedom Party (FPO), which was founded in the 1950s by ex-Nazis and was last in government more than a decade ago. The FPO once argued against membership in the European Union but has become steadily more mainstream, dropping those calls and expelling members for anti-Semitic statements.      Kurz, who is just 31, has maintained that any future government will be pro-European. But he campaigned on an anti-immigration platform that was very similar to the FPO s, after Europe s migration crisis left many voters feeling Austria was being overrun. Only two parties   the Social Democrats (SPO), who came second in the election, and the FPO, which came third   have enough seats to give Kurz a majority if they go into coalition with him. But a partnership between the two centrist parties has never been considered the most likely outcome, even though they have governed together for 44 of the 72 years since World War Two.  Kurz forced last week s election when he called an end to the current coalition with the SPO after he took over as OVP leader, and the two sides are now at loggerheads. The Social Democrats said on Monday they were planning on going into opposition. In principle, however, any tie-up between two of the top three parties could take place. And none of those options have been fully ruled out, including a  coalition of losers  between the FPO and Social Democrats. Kurz has also said a minority government is an option if coalition talks fail. The head of Austria s main Jewish group earlier on Monday warned Kurz not to do business with  the wolf  of the FPO.  When the nationalist wolf puts on a blue sheep skin it does not change its nature, only its appearance,  the head of Austria s main Jewish group, Oskar Deutsch, said in an open letter to both centrist parties. Blue is the colour of the FPO, which is staunchly anti-Islam but now openly courts Jewish voters, with limited success.  If OVP and SPO believe they can tame the wolf, they are deceiving themselves,  Deutsch said. The FPO s Davis Lasar, a Jewish lawmaker, responded by saying in a statement:  The FPO has always been committed to the safety of Austria s Jewish population.  ",1
16692,"UK certain Iran nuclear deal to be preserved, U.S. says remains committed","LONDON (Reuters) - There is absolutely no doubt that a deal between Western powers and Iran to curb its nuclear program will survive despite the U.S. decision not to recertify the deal, Britain s foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Monday. Johnson was giving a speech on foreign affairs in London. U.S. President Donald Trump broke ranks with other major powers earlier this month by refusing to formally certify that Tehran is complying with the deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), even though international inspectors say it is. The U.S. Congress now has 60 days since Trump s action to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the pact. U.S. Disarmament Ambassador Robert Wood said on Monday Washington would  continue to meet its commitments under the JCPOA and will hold Iran strictly accountable for each and every one of its commitments as well.  Wood was speaking at a United Nations meeting in New York. ",1
16693,Egypt authorities challenge Reuters on casualties in western desert attack,"LONDON (Reuters) - Egyptian authorities have accused Reuters and the BBC of inaccurate coverage of clashes in the western desert between security forces and armed militants in which police officers and conscripts were killed on Friday.  In a statement, Egypt s State Information Service (SIS) said Reuters had made  grave professional mistakes  by relying on unidentified security sources and not  resorting to official security authorities to get correct information .  The Ministry of Interior in an initial statement on Friday did not give any casualty figure for Friday s clashes. On Saturday, a ministry statement said 16 police and conscripts were killed and another 13 wounded in a remote western desert area after they came under heavy fire from the armed group.   However, three security sources told Reuters as many as 52 police had been killed in gun battles, which security sources said involved militants firing rockets at a police convoy.    We take seriously our obligation to report the news fairly and accurately, and were careful here to report both the Interior Ministry s account of the situation as well as information we received independently from other sources,  a Reuters spokesperson said.     The SIS also criticized the use of the word militant in the English version of the story that Reuters published.    Reuters English exchanged the term  terrorists , which is only accurate and realistic description of those elements, with the term  militants , a matter that may give a positive connotation to the reader,  the statement said. The BBC issued its own report on the Egyptian statement. here ",1
16694,"Nicaragua will join Paris climate pact, leaving U.S., Syria isolated","(Reuters) - Nicaragua is set to join the Paris climate agreement, according to an official statement and comments from Vice President Rosario Murillo on Monday, in a move that leaves the United States and Syria as the only nations outside the global pact. Nicaragua has already presented the relevant documents at the United Nations, Murillo, who is also first lady, said on local radio on Monday.   It is the only instrument we have in the world that allows the unity of intentions and efforts to face up to climate change and natural disasters,  Murillo said.  U.S. President Donald Trump said in June he would withdraw the United States from the accord, and Nicaragua s decision to enter the pact means only two countries will now be outside it - the world s No. 1 economy and war-torn Syria. Nicaragua, a poor Central American nation that is often threatened by hurricanes, was the only nation to reject the agreement in 2015, and has argued for far more drastic action to limit rising temperatures. The Paris accord, agreed by nearly 200 countries two years ago, seeks to limit planetary warming by curbing global emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases that scientists believe drive global warming. The administration of former U.S. President Barack Obama had pledged deep emissions cuts as part of the deal, but his successor, Trump, has said the accord would cost America trillions of dollars, kill jobs, and hinder the oil, gas, coal and manufacturing industries. Island nation Fiji will host the next round of U.N. climate talks from Nov. 6-17 in Bonn, Germany, where environment ministers from around the world will work on a set of international guidelines for the Paris accord. The latest round of negotiations take place after a string of powerful hurricanes ravaged Caribbean island nations and caused billions of dollars in damage along the Texas and Florida coastlines. Climate scientists have said warmer air and water resulting from climate change may have contributed to the severity of the storms. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has disputed such claims as an attempt to  politicize  natural disasters. ",1
16695,"U.S. mulls South Sudan pressure, cutting aid may not work: U.N. envoy","ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - The United States is considering how to pressure South Sudan s President Salva Kiir into peace, but withdrawing aid may not work, U.S. envoy to the United Nations Nikki Haley said ahead of a visit to South Sudanese refugees in Ethiopia on Tuesday.  Haley plans to visit Gambella in western Ethiopia, where nearly 350,000 refugees have flooded across the border from South Sudan since the country spiraled into civil war in 2013, just two years after it gained independence from Sudan.   You have to really think hard before you pull U.S. aid because President Kiir doesn t care,  Haley said.  He doesn t care if his people suffer and that s the concern we have as we don t know that will make a difference.   That s a conversation we will have and we will try and see exactly what will move President Kiir so that he does ... start to really look at creating a safe position for his people,  she told reporters in Addis Ababa late on Monday. Haley will this week be the most senior member of U.S. President Donald Trump s administration to visit South Sudan, where she is due to meet with Kiir. But first, she will see how the conflict has threatened to spillover through deadly cross-border raids into Gambella, Ethiopia by gunmen from South Sudan.  Trump s new aid administrator, Mark Green, visited South Sudan last month, telling Kiir that Washington was reviewing its policy toward his government. He called on Kiir to end the violence and implement a  real  ceasefire.  The war in South Sudan was sparked by a feud between Kiir and his former deputy Riek Machar. It has plunged parts of the world s youngest nation into famine and forced a third of the population - some 4 million people - to flee their homes. Machar fled and is now being held in South Africa to stop him stirring up trouble, sources told Reuters in December.  A fragile peace deal broke down last year amid gun battles between soldiers and rebels in the capital Juba. International efforts to bring warring sides to new talks have not succeeded.  We can t see any more deaths, we can t see anymore famine, we ve got to start seeing the situation start to get better and I think that the pressure is only going to continue until President Kiir makes a difference,  Haley said.  The Trump administration last month imposed sanctions on two senior South Sudanese officials and the former army chief for their role in the conflict, atrocities against civilians and attacks against international missions in South Sudan. ",1
16696,"Spanish tourist shot, killed by police in Rio de Janeiro slum","RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Police shot and killed a Spanish tourist in a Rio de Janeiro slum on Monday after the car she was riding in failed to stop at a police road block, authorities said.  Rio s police confirmed in a written statement that Maria Esperanza Ruiz Jimenez, 67, died after being shot by a police officer in the Rocinha slum.  The Rio state security secretariat, which oversees all police forces, said the shooting would be investigated.  Rocinha has been the scene of severe violence for a month as rival gangs have clashed with each other for control over the drug trade. Intense shootouts between the gangs and also with police have taken place almost daily. Several other slums in the city that hosted the 2016 Olympics have also seen increased shootouts.  For several months police have struggled to maintain control of the city. President Michel Temer in July authorized the use of about 9,000 army soldiers to help patrol Rio, but it has had little effect on tamping down the violence. ",1
16697,Abadi defends role of Iranian-backed paramiltaries at meeting with Tillerson,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi defended the role of an Iranian-backed paramilitary force at a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Monday in Baghdad. Tillerson arrived on Monday hours after the Iraqi government rejected his call to send home the Popular Mobilisation, an Iran-backed force that helped defeat Islamic State and capture the Kurdish-held city of Kirkuk. In his opening remarks at the meeting with Tillerson, Abadi said Popular Mobilisation  is part of the Iraqi institutions,  rejecting accusations that it is acting as an Iranian proxy.  Popular Mobilisation fighters should be encouraged because they will be the hope of country and the region,  he added.    Iraq is one of the few countries allied closely to both the United States and Iran, and Tillerson s effort to drive a wedge between Baghdad and Tehran appeared to have backfired, drawing a sharp statement from the prime minister s office. Tillerson visited Iraq a day after a rare joint meeting with Abadi and Saudi Arabia s King Salman in the Saudi capital, Riyadh. After that meeting, he called on Iraq to halt the work of the Tehran-backed paramilitary units, which have operated alongside government troops in battles against Islamic State and, since last week, in a lightning advance that seized the oil city of Kirkuk from Kurdish security forces. At his meeting with Abadi in Baghdad, Tillerson urged the Iraqi government and Masoud Barzani s Kurdistan Regional Government in Erbil to resolve their conflict on Kurdish self-determination and disputed territories through dialogue.   We are concerned and a bit sad,  Tillerson said.  We have friends in Baghdad and friends in Erbil, and we encourage all parties to enter into discussion ... and all differences can be addressed.    Iraqi forces are deploying tanks and artillery just south of a Kurdish-operated oil pipeline that crosses into Turkey, a Kurdish security official said, the latest in a series of Iranian-backed operations against the Kurds.  Iranian militias that are in Iraq, now that the fight against Daesh and ISIS is coming to a close, those militias need to go home,  Tillerson said on Sunday in Saudi Arabia. Abadi s office responded sharply.  No party has the right to interfere in Iraqi matters,  a statement from his office read. It did not cite the prime minister himself but a  source  close to him. It referred to the mainly Shi ite Popular Mobilisation as  patriots . One of the closest groups to Iran within Popular Mobilisation, Asaib Ahl al-Haq, reacted to Tillerson s comment by saying it would be Americans who will be forced to leave Iraq.  Your forces should get ready to get out of our country once the excuse of Daesh s presence is over,  said Asaib s leader, Sheikh Qais al-Khazali, according to the group s TV channel, al-Aahd. The international battle against Islamic State fighters in northern Iraq since 2014 saw the United States and Iran effectively fighting on the same side, with both supporting the Iraqi government against the militants. Washington has 5,000 troops in Iraq and provided air support, training and weapons to Iraqi government forces. At the same time, Iran armed, trained and advised Shi ite paramilitaries that often fought alongside the army. The latest twist in the Iraq conflict, pitting the central government against the Kurds, is trickier for U.S. policymakers. Washington still supports the central government but has also been allied to the Kurds for decades. Iran is the pre-eminent Shi ite power in the Middle East. Shi ites, including Abadi, are the majority in Iraq, but it also has large Sunni Arab and Kurdish communities. In the campaign for the Kurdish referendum, Iran backed the government against the Kurds. Major-General Qassem Soleimani, commander of foreign operations for Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards, repeatedly warned Kurdish leaders to withdraw from the oil city of Kirkuk or face an onslaught by Iraqi forces and Iranian-backed fighters, Kurdish officials briefed on the meetings said. Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif dismissed Tillerson s remarks. The paramilitaries could not go home because  they are at home  already, he was quoted as saying by the state news agency IRNA. Abadi has asserted his authority with the defeat of Islamic State in Mosul and the Iraqi army s sweep through Kirkuk and other areas that were held by the Kurds. The buildup at the Kurdish oil export pipeline is taking place northwest of Mosul, an official from the Kurdistan Regional Government s security council said. The loss of Kirkuk dealt a major blow to the Kurds, who had been steadily building an autonomous region in northern Iraq since a U.S.-led invasion toppled Saddam Hussein, who oppressed them for decades.  We are concerned about continued military build-up of Iraqi forces and Iranian-backed Popular Mobilisation Forces towards the Kurdistan Region,  said the Kurdistan Region Security Council in a statement. Elections for the Iraqi Kurdistan region s presidency and parliament set for Nov. 1 will be delayed because political parties failed to present candidates, the head of the electoral commission, Hendrean Mohammed, told Reuters. Parties have been unable to focus on the elections in the turmoil that followed the referendum, a Kurdish lawmaker said on condition of anonymity. ",1
16698,U.N. condemns arrests of Congo opposition members,"LUBUMBASHI, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - The U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo on Monday condemned the arrest of about 30 opposition members amid a crackdown on dissent by President Joseph Kabila s government.  The arrests occurred in the southeastern city of Lubumbashi on Sunday when police broke up a meeting by the Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS) party on the eve of a return to the city of opposition leader Felix Tshisekedi, party members told Reuters.     Such security incidents are threatening to spiral out of control in Africa s largest copper producer because of Kabila s refusal to hold elections when his presidential mandate expired nearly a year ago.  From now, we no longer consider Joseph Kabila as president,  Tshisekedi told journalists on Monday in Lubumbashi, where a planned rally was banned by the government. He is usually in the capital, or in Europe.  Congo s government has banned opposition demonstrations since last year, when security forces killed dozens of protesters demanding Kabila s departure.    The election commission said this month that an election to replace Kabila, who came to power after his father s assassination in 2001, would not be possible before April 2019 at the earliest - raising the prospect of long-term unrest.  I urge the Congolese authorities to release immediately and unconditionally those arbitrarily arrested yesterday in Lubumbashi,  said Maman Sidikou, head of the U.N. MONUSCO peacekeeping mission. MONUSCO also demanded an end to restrictions imposed on Kyungu wa Kumwanza, president of the National Union of Federalists of the Congo (UNAFEC) party, who has been under de facto house arrest for several months without being charged with a crime. In another sign of discontent with election delays, the Union for the Congolese Nation(UNC)opposition party said in a statement on Monday it was withdrawing its representative in a power-sharing government, Budget Minister Pierre Kangudia. The latter could not immediately be reached for comment. Kabila s political opponents are weak and divided. Many joined a power-sharing government earlier this year following the death of opposition figure, Etienne Tshisekedi, Felix s father, and they enjoy limited credibility with the population.  However, an economic crisis that has seen inflation spike to over 50 percent, increased militia activity, and a series of prison breaks have highlighted Kabila s tenuous hold on power.  ",1
16699,Macri's coalition sweeps Argentina's mid-term vote,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Candidates allied with Argentine President Mauricio Macri enjoyed sweeping victories in Sunday s mid-term election, strengthening his position in Congress while dimming prospects for a political comeback by his predecessor Cristina Fernandez. A free-spending populist who nearly bankrupted the country during her 2007-2015 rule, Fernandez came in a distant second in her race for the Senate representing Buenos Aires, Argentina s most populous province. With 98 percent of ballots counted by the interior ministry, Macri s former education minister, Esteban Bullrich, had 41.34 percent versus 37.27 percent for Fernandez in the province that is home to nearly 40 percent of Argentine voters. Macri s  Cambiemos  or  Let s Change  coalition won the top five population centers of Buenos Aires City, and Buenos Aires, Cordoba, Santa Fe and Mendoza provinces. No single party had won all five in a mid-term vote since 1985.  Today the change elected in 2015 has been consolidated,  Vice President Gabriela Michetti told voters.  The election results, largely in line with pre-vote opinion polls, robbed the opposition of the two-thirds majority needed to block presidential vetoes, said Ignacio Labaqui, a local analyst with New York-based consultancy Medley Global Advisors.  This is a significant boost for the Macri administration, particularly because of the defeat of Cristina in Buenos Aires province,  Labaqui said. Fernandez s second-place showing still grants her one of the province s three Senate seats under Argentina s list system. One third of the Senate and half of the house were elected, and Macri s coalition will not have a majority.  The private sector has worried about a political resurgence by Fernandez, who is loved by millions of low-income Argentines helped by generous social spending during her administrations.  Fernandez thanked voters at her campaign headquarters and said her Citizen s Unity party would remain a firm opposition to Macri s economic model. Critics say Fernandez s growth-at-all-costs policies stoked inflation and distorted the economy through heavy-handed  currency controls. She has been further isolated politically by graft accusations. Fernandez, who as a senator will have immunity from arrest but not from trial, says there may have been corruption in her government but denies personal wrongdoing. Bullrich and Fernandez were tied in a non-binding primary in August but Bullrich pulled ahead in polls soon after, helped by a burst of economic growth as Fernandez failed to unify the Peronist opposition behind her.  People are more confident in the future, the economy, in making investments. They are tired of corruption and populism,  said Cecilia de Francesca, a 50-year-old writer who was celebrating at the Cambiemos campaign headquarters.  Argentina s Merval stock index and its peso currency have strengthened on bets Fernandez would not get enough support to launch a serious bid for the presidency in 2019. Investors, particularly in Argentina s vast agriculture and budding shale oil sectors, have said they want to see Macri push through labor and tax reforms aimed at lowering business costs in Latin America s third-biggest economy. ",1
16700,Public works blitz helps Macri coalition in Argentina midterm vote,"LANUS, Argentina (Reuters) - Adriana Rodriguez, a 59-year-old vendor at an open-air market in an industrial city in Argentina s Buenos Aires province, never imagined her home would be connected to the sewage system. But as business-friendly President Mauricio Macri invested in infrastructure ahead of Sunday s legislative election victory, sewage construction in her hometown of Lanus advanced to within two blocks of Rodriguez s house. She expects pipes to reach her home soon.   My husband and I thought we would die without getting connected to the sewage system,  she said.  It is a step forward.   Like many of the working-class suburbs surrounding Argentina s capital that collectively make up the country s most important electoral region, Lanus has long been a bastion of support for the Peronist movement, which generally emphasizes strong unions and redistributive policies. Macri s coalition, which initially struggled to appeal to the working class, went after those votes with a 150 billion peso ($8.7 billion) public works plan in Buenos Aires province, home to more than a third of Argentine voters. It paved roads and built express bus lanes after a decade of stagnant infrastructure investment under former populist President Cristina Fernandez. That helped Macri s  Let s Change  coalition defeat Fernandez in the province s Senate race on Sunday. In Lanus, Macri s candidate beat Fernandez with 40.8 percent of votes versus 38.9 percent. That compared to a virtual tie in an Aug. 13 primary.  People now identify  Macrismo  with public works,  said Marcos Buscaglia, founding partner at Buenos Aires political and economic consultancy Alberdi Partners.  It has given them a lot of hope to actually see paved roads, sewers, and the like.   When a Macri ally took over as Lanus mayor in December 2015 from a Peronist, just 35 percent of the city s residents were connected to the sewage system. The municipality is aiming for 100 percent connection by 2019, and state-run water service company AySA says it has invested 5.6 billion pesos ($321.7 million) in Lanus, including 60 sewage pipe projects benefiting nearly 300,000 residents. Some remain skeptical. Many of the projects are being financed with debt, a hot button issue in Argentina due to still raw memories of the country s 2001 debt default and economic crisis. In August, the Inter-American Development Bank pledged $305 million to fund water projects, including sewerage in the Buenos Aires metropolitan area.  The moment will come when the lenders want to collect,  said Alberto Francisco, a 46-year-old shopkeeper in Lanus, a Fernandez supporter.  We will end up like in 2001: without money.  ",1
16701,Gambian ministry says up to Togo to resolve crisis,"BANJUL (Reuters) - Gambia s Foreign Ministry said on Monday it was up to the people of Togo to decide whether President Faure Gnassingbe should stay in power after the minister told Reuters at the weekend that mediators should persuade Togo s leader to step aside.  Gnassingbe took power in 2005 on the death of his father who had ruled since 1967. Togo is mired in a political crisis in which at least 10 people have been killed during protests since August.  At this moment, there is no reason warranting the government of the Republic of The Gambia to take a position, since the Togolese people continue to make efforts to find a solution to the crisis,  the Foreign Ministry said in a statement after the Reuters interview was published. Two days previously, Gambia s Foreign Minister Ousainou Darboe told Reuters:  I think the African Union and ECOWAS should engage Togo and persuade the president to step down,  referring to the pan-African body and West African regional bloc.   When it goes against accepted norms I don t think it should be treated as an internal affair,  he added. Currently, Gambia and Togo are the only countries in the 15-nation ECOWAS bloc without time limits on mandates. ECOWAS sought to make this law across the region in 2015 but Togo and Gambia voted against it, although Gambia is now changing its constitution.  The Gambian ministry statement on Facebook said that whether Togo s president should remain in power was the sole and sovereign decision of the people of Togo. It said the two countries remained bonded by strong ties.     Gnassingbe is currently in his third term. Opponents have organized mass protests since August amid growing frustration over delays to constitutional reform and are seeking an end to his rule.  Security forces have repressed protests, firing on demonstrators, and raised the chances Gnassingbe could be toppled as a result of popular anger, as happened in Burkina Faso in 2014. Criticism of Gnassingbe s government by foreign powers and other ECOWAS countries has so far been muted, perhaps because the Togolese leader holds the ECOWAS chairmanship until June 2018.     Darboe was the main opponent of former President Yahya Jammeh during his 22-year rule which ended in January as ECOWAS troops marched into Gambia to uphold an election result. He was imprisoned for most of last year for joining a series of protests on electoral reform and repressive measures against Jammeh s opponents. He told Reuters in the interview he thought regional talks with Gnassingbe should begin after a planned referendum in Togo on term limits. A date for the vote has yet to be set. The planned referendum has failed to appease the opposition who say that it would not be retroactive, meaning that Gnassingbe could stay until 2030.  In a statement, the AU and ECOWAS have welcomed the proposed reforms, called for peace and encouraged dialogue.    Gambia s government plans a constitutional review to cap a president s tenure to just two four- or five-year terms, among other reforms, Darboe said.  No national assembly should have the power to nullify that law as we ve seen elsewhere in Africa,  he said.  ",1
16702,"Despite apology, Indonesia asks why U.S. blocked military chief's travel","JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia said on Monday it had made urgent requests for an explanation why its military chief was barred from traveling to the United States, as anger simmered in the world s largest Muslim-majority country over the diplomatic incident. Armed forces commander General Gatot Nurmantyo was stopped on Saturday from boarding an Emirates flight to the United States, despite having a visa and an official invitation to a conference from his counterpart, the chairman of the U.S joint chiefs of staff, General Joseph Dunford. Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi said she had accepted an official apology from the deputy U.S. ambassador in Jakarta but awaited a detailed explanation.  We conveyed that we still await clarification, an explanation why this happened,  Marsudi told reporters after meeting the U.S. envoy.  There is a sense of urgency to this that we have conveyed to them,  she said, adding that U.S. officials were  trying to coordinate with relevant authorities in the U.S. to find out what really happened.  U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis apologized for the incident to his Indonesian counterpart, Ryamizard Ryacudu, on the sidelines of an ASEAN meeting in the Philippines, and the two were photographed shaking hands.  I can confirm that he did a pull-aside with the Indonesian minister and expressed regret and apologized for the inconvenience,  Captain Jeff Davis, a spokesman for Mattis, told Reuters.  In a statement, the U.S. embassy in Jakarta said:  This issue has been resolved. There is no restriction on General Gatot s travel and we look forward to welcoming (him) to the United States.       Indonesia generally enjoys good ties with the United States. But relations have sometimes been strained over U.S. resource companies operating in Indonesia or alleged rights abuses involving Indonesia s military. It was not immediately clear whether Nurmantyo, who has made official visits to the United States before, would attend the conference as scheduled on Monday and Tuesday. In Washington, U.S. Homeland Security Department spokesman Dave Lapan said the U.S. embassy in Jakarta had told Nurmantyo s office that he might be delayed in boarding his flight because of unspecified  U.S. security protocols.  Lapan said the U.S. government was unable to resolve the problem before Nurmantyo arrived at the airport and he was denied boarding. The general was eventually cleared and booked on another flight but  he chose not to travel,  Lapan added.  The U.S. government is dedicated to ensuring that all persons traveling to the United States are screened and properly vetted. We regret that the passenger and his wife were inconvenienced,  Lapan said in an emailed statement. The spokesman declined to respond to a question about the security protocols that led to Nurmantyo being denied boarding, saying:  We re not able to discuss the specifics of individual cases.  Some Indonesians reacted indignantly to the incident, putting up banners around the capital calling for the U.S. ambassador to be expelled and for Americans to be  sent home .  Former Indonesian Ambassador to the United States Dino Patti Djalal called for a stronger government reaction.   The government should not be asking for a clarification, but rather conveying a protest to the U.S. side,  he said on Twitter. Nurmantyo has frequently courted controversy in Indonesia over what analysts perceive to be his political ambitions. He has been accused of whipping up nationalist sentiment by promoting the notion that Indonesia is besieged by  proxy wars  waged by foreign states looking to undermine the country.  This month, Indonesian President Joko Widodo said the armed forces should stay out of politics and ensure their loyalty was only to the state and the government - a statement many believed referred to Nurmantyo s actions. Nurmantyo is due to retire next March and many expect him to run for vice president or even president in 2019. ",1
16703,Israeli brass casts doubt on blaming shelling on Hezbollah,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli military officials were quoted on Monday rowing back from an assertion by the defense minister that Hezbollah was behind a spate of shelling from Syria, which could increase tension on Israel s northern frontier. The government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been warning that Israel, which has largely stayed out of the six-year-old Syrian civil war, could step up attacks in retaliation for shelling across the frontier, or to block Damascus s Iranian and Lebanese Hezbollah reinforcements from setting up bases. That could thrust the Israelis into confrontation with Syria and potential run-ins with its big-power backer, Russia. Israel last battled Hezbollah in Lebanon in 2006, and has occasionally fired on Syria to attack what it said were Hezbollah or Iranian targets during the civil war, but has mainly avoided direct fighting against Syria since their last war in 1973.    Twice last week, mortar rounds or rockets launched from Syria hit areas of the Israeli-held Golan Heights, causing no casualties but drawing Israeli artillery fire against Syrian army posts. Addressing his parliamentary faction on Monday, Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman, a far right politician, said the Golan shelling was carried out by a Syrian cell on Hezbollah s orders without Damascus having been informed, to stoke Israeli-Syrian fighting. Lieberman did not detail the source of his information.  There was a personal instruction by (Hezbollah leader Hassan) Nasrallah to compartmentalize Assad and his regime from the execution of this shooting ... with the goal of dragging us into the Syrian mire,  Lieberman said in the televised remarks.  Therefore I call here both on the Assad regime ... and also on the Russian forces that are present there, to restrain Hezbollah.   Within hours, every major Israeli media outlet aired remarks attributed to unnamed military officers casting doubt on Lieberman s account.  We have no information supporting Lieberman s statement purporting that the (Syrian shelling) cell was run by Hezbollah personnel,  the top-rated Channel 2 television quoted  sources in the IDF (Israel Defence Forces)  as saying.  Lieberman s office   did not immediately respond to  the comments contradicting him. A Lieber man confidant who requested anonymity told Reuters :  The defense minister spoke based on his own judgment and assessment.  Hezbollah did not respond to Lieberman s allegations, but its affiliated TV station Al-Manar noted the Israeli media dissent. In what appeared to be a reference to Israel s efforts to coordinate its actions in Syria with Moscow, Lieberman said Russian military commanders in Syria  have received all the (information) that they need on this matter . There was no immediate comment from officials in Moscow. Syria s Foreign Ministry said after Saturday s exchange of fire on the Golan that Israeli strikes would have  grave consequences . Lieberman says Israel is doing everything in its power to stave off military confrontation on the northern front. ",1
16704,Ankara mayor quits in Erdogan purge of local government,"ANKARA (Reuters) - The mayor of Ankara said on Monday he will step down this week, the fifth mayor from the ruling party to quit in recent weeks in the face of demands for a purge of local politics by President Tayyip Erdogan. Melih Gokcek, a staunch Erdogan loyalist who has been mayor of Ankara for 23 years and won five consecutive elections, said on Twitter on Monday that he would leave office on Saturday, after meeting with Erdogan at the presidential palace. Four other mayors from the ruling party have already stepped down in recent weeks, including Istanbul s Mayor Kadir Topbas, following demands that they resign from Erdogan, who says he is seeking a renewal of his ruling AK Party.  Three mayors from our party have handed in their resignations so far, and there are three more. I believe they will hand theirs in as soon as possible,  Erdogan told a news conference in Ankara last week before Gokcek and one other mayor resigned. Erdogan decision to target the mayors follows his narrow victory in a referendum to grant himself sweeping powers last year, which was more popular with rural than urban voters. Seventeen of the country s 30 largest cities voted against it. Since then, Erdogan has spoken of the need for renewal in local government and the ruling AK Party, citing signs of  metal fatigue  within administrations. Gokcek, generally regarded as a staunch Erdogan loyalist, is well known in Turkey for tweets in which he has engaged in spats with journalists and with other senior members of the AKP. In February he suggested the U.S.-based cleric blamed by Erdogan for a failed coup last year might be plotting an earthquake, with the help of foreign powers. ",1
16705,Rwandan leader's would-be rival Rwigara and her mother denied bail,"KIGALI (Reuters) - A Rwandan court denied bail on Monday to a vocal critic of President Paul Kagame who was barred from running against him in an August election and later jailed on charges of incitement and forgery that are widely seen as politically motivated. Diane Rwigara and her mother, Adeline, who was also refused bail, said they planned to appeal. Her sister Anne, who is a  U.S. citizen, was granted bail.  All three women are charged with inciting insurrection while Diane is also accused of forging the signatures of some people  she said backed her run for president. Rwigara has said the charges are intended to silence her family and supporters as punishment for her political ambitions. Rejecting the bail request, the lead judge on a three-member panel said there was  strong evidence  to prosecute Rwigara.  Both Diane Rwigara and Adeline Rwigara must be remanded for 30 days,  she said. The 35-year-old accountant has repeatedly accused Kagame of stifling dissent and criticized his Rwandan Patriotic Front s near total grip since it fought its way to power to end a genocide in 1994.  She had planned to run against Kagame in the August poll but her candidacy was blocked by the electoral board on the grounds that she had not submitted enough supporters  signatures and some of the names she did send in belonged to dead people. Kagame won the election with 98.8 percent of the vote.  Adeline and Anne Rwigara had earlier told the court that they and Diane were tortured and deprived of food while in jail awaiting trial, including being kept in solitary confinement and  handcuffed day and night . On Friday, a U.N. subcommittee on the prevention of torture suspended a visit to Rwanda, citing obstructions by authorities. The Rwandan government denied impeding the investigators  work and said the allegations were baseless. Diane s brother Arioste Rwigara said the bail denial was   absurd  and the charges against his mother and sisters were like those used by  tyrannical governments of the middle ages .  Kagame won international praise for restoring stability in Rwanda and presiding over a rapid economic recovery after the genocide, in which an estimated 800,000 ethnic Tutsis and politically moderate ethnic Hutus were killed. But human rights groups say he has muzzled independent media and suppressed potential democratic opponents. Some critics of the government have been imprisoned or killed. (This version of the story corrects name of Diane Rwigara s brother to Arioste in paragraph 12) ",1
16706,Czech election winner Babis calls minority government 'unrealistic',"LANY, Czech Republic (Reuters) - Czech billionaire Andrej Babis, the runaway winner of last weekend s parliamentary election, said on Monday he wanted to form a governing coalition with a stable partner, and a minority government was an unrealistic plan. Babis s search for government partners is running into trouble. He faces fraud charges - which he denies - that have led other parties to rule out working with him, even though his ANO party got 29.6 percent of the vote, nearly triple its closest competitor. The anti-establishment party scored at polls with pledges to clean up corruption and bring a businessman s touch to governance, winning over voters who shunned mainstream parties. Babis s popularity has grown during his time in the current center-left government, which has been marked by fast economic growth, a balanced budget, falling unemployment and rising wages. Babis said after talks with President Milos Zeman at a presidential chateau on Monday that the president would ask him next week to begin leading talks on forming a new cabinet. Traditionally, the president asks the leader of the winning party to lead talks before formally appointing a prime minister. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker sent a congratulatory letter to Babis, saying that the new government should keep in mind the European Union s common values.  I wish you all the best for the challenge ahead in terms of forming a stable government that will be able to position the Czech Republic as an important participant in the efforts to make the European Union more united, stronger and more democratic on the basis of our common values,  he said. Babis told reporters he preferred having as few parties as possible in the next government.  A single-color government is not realistic ... We want to negotiate a coalition government,  Babis told reporters.  We of course prefer a stable partner in government for the whole term.  ANO will control 78 seats in the 200-member lower house. Babis said a link with the election runner-up, the center-right Civic Democrat party, made sense based on seats in the lower house - together, the two would have a majority. The party, though, has so far refused to cooperate.  In other options, more partners would be needed. Babis s current partners, the leftist Social Democrats of Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka and the centrist Christian Democrats, have rejected a government with ANO unless it pledges Babis will not be part of it. Babis said he did not want a government that would include Communists and the anti-EU, anti-immigration SPD party, which made surprisingly a strong showing in the election. His position against a minority government also seemed to rule out seeking their support in a less formal arrangement.     Police are looking at whether Babis, the country s second richest person, hid ownership of a convention center to receive a 2 million-euro EU subsidy in 2008. He has said the investigation was part of efforts to kick him out of politics. Opponents see Babis, worth an estimated $4 billion, as a danger to democracy, fearing his business and media power could pose conflicts of interest. ",1
16707,Germany's coalition-seeking Greens and liberals find common ground on tax,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The two parties that are in talks to join German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives in government inched closer together in one of the most bitterly contested policy areas on Monday, brightening prospects for a coalition. Merkel opened what promise to be marathon coalition talks on Friday, hoping to bring three opposing political camps into a stable government despite signs there would be less money to paper over differences. Further talks to discuss tax, finances and Europe are planned for Tuesday. Merkel said she was hoping to complete exploratory talks   an initial stage during which parties decide whether to go ahead with full-blown coalition negotiations   by Nov. 17 or 18, participants in a meeting of her conservative bloc said. At that point the conservative sister parties, the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens should have a document that lays out the rough outlines of what a coalition would work on, the participants cited Merkel as saying. Cem Ozdemir, leader of the environmentalist Greens, welcomed a proposal by the FDP for global action to make it harder for large technology companies to book their taxes in more favorable jurisdictions.  I m pleased that FDP leader Christian Lindner has moved on this, saying that Internet companies for example should be more strongly and fairly taxed,  said Ozdemir, highlighting progress made in an area where the two parties had been far apart.  It cannot be right that Amazon and Apple use Europe as a location and use its infrastructure, but refuse to contribute appropriately to its financing even as every bookseller is chased down if he doesn t pay tax on time,  he added. Lindner, whose party advocates low tax and fiscal discipline, also called for deeper cooperation within the European Union and the Group of 20 leading economies to make global firms pay more tax. The ability of international companies to minimize their tax liabilities by booking profits in lower-tax jurisdictions has come under the spotlight in recent years as cash-strapped states struggle to finance expanding social and security liabilities.  I can imagine tax increases for companies like Apple,  Lindner told the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper, in an apparent sacrifice of one of his party s shibboleths to smooth the path towards an unprecedentedly tricky three-way coalition. Merkel s conservatives suffered punishing losses in this month s national election, forcing them to patch together a heterogeneous three-way coalition with few precedents in Germany s post-war history.  The potential three-way pact has been dubbed a  Jamaica  coalition because the three parties  colors   black, yellow and green   match those of the Jamaican flag. The Greens want to boost infrastructure and environment spending, but the FDP and fiscal hawks in the conservative camp view spending proposals with concern. The talks, which continue tomorrow, are set to drag on until at least the end of the year.  Merkel s Christian Democrat party estimates that the smaller parties  tax and spending proposals would cost as much as 100 billion euros ($117.37 billion) over the next four years, three times what its expert reckon is available.   Senior conservative Volker Kauder said if the three-way alliance agreed to govern together it would stick to the  black zero    or balanced budget   that was a hallmark of outgoing Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble s tenure.  You can assume that we will of course make the balanced budget an object of coalition negotiations if they happen,  he said ahead of a meeting of the conservatives in parliament.  And in the exploratory talks it was not disputed at all: There will be no new debt. We ll stick to the black zero.  German newspaper Handelsblatt cited an internal finance ministry paper as saying the new government should  preferably  use the roughly 30 billion euros of leeway for tax cuts, infrastructure investment   especially expanding the broadband network   and tackling the causes of migration. It said all further measures should completely come out of the budgets of the sector they relate to and should be financed either by higher revenues or cuts in other areas. The Finance Ministry was not immediately available to comment on the report.         Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt, a conservative, told Bild newspaper that immigration limits, social benefits and the future of Europe remained big areas of conflict. Lindner maintained the hard line on Greece that his party is known for, saying that any country that took a debt haircut would need to leave the euro zone. ",1
16708,"After U.N. troubles, Haiti wary of new justice mission","PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - A new United Nations-backed mission to support Haiti s justice system has had a mixed reaction from local politicians and civil society groups after long-standing criticism of its predecessor. President Jovenel Moise s government has welcomed the deployment of the U.N. mission for Justice Support in Haiti (MINUJUSTH) in the face of opposition skepticism. A U.N. peacekeeping mission in Haiti intended to restore stability after a 2004 coup ended in October after 13 years.  Known as MINUSTAH, the departing mission was dogged by controversies, including the introduction of cholera to the island and allegations of sexual abuse. The new mission will focus specifically on the justice system and the police. Mamadou Diallo, deputy special representative of the U.N. Secretary General in Haiti and acting head of the new mission, said its aim was to build on MINUSTAH s work to strengthen the security, bolster democracy and the country s institutions. That would enable a  social contract  to be established between Haiti s rulers and the people, Diallo said. However, MINUJUSTH has quickly come under fire.  The country should expect nothing positive from this new mission which is only a tactic to continue with the occupation that the Haitian people have rejected,  former presidential candidate Eric Jean-Baptiste said. Retired army colonel Himmler Rebu, a former cabinet minister and one-time contender for the presidency, also had harsh words.  The U.N. stabilization mission has been here for the past 13 years and they have done nothing, except for preventing armed thugs from taking over the presidential palace,  Rebu said. The new mission, which officially launched last week, has a six-month renewable term ending April 15, 2018. It will include 1,275 UN police officers and will train Haiti s national police. Lucien Jura, a spokesman for Moise, said the president expected MINUJUSTH to help correct flaws in the justice system, and several civil society organizations expressed hope that the mission can make a difference. However, much will depend on Haiti s leaders, they say.  The mission may have all the good will you can imagine, but if Haitian authorities don t play their part in efforts ... we may not have the expected results,  said Pierre Esperance, head of the National Network to Defend Human Rights, known as RNDDH. The U.S. State Department said in a statement that the transition to MINUJUSTH marked a turning point in Haiti  from stability efforts to a focus on justice and the rule of law . ",1
16709,"As Tillerson heads to Pakistan, Islamabad wary of deepening U.S.-India ties","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - As U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson heads to Pakistan on Tuesday to pressure Islamabad to act over militants targeting Afghanistan from its soil, anxious Pakistanis may be equally interested in dissuading Washington s deepening ties with India. Nuclear-armed Pakistan, a staunch U.S. Cold War ally and key player in the U.S.-backed invasion of Afghanistan after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States, has watched warily as Washington has in recent years pivoted towards its arch-foe. Islamabad views its much-bigger neighbor as an existential threat and the two nations have fought three wars since their violent separation at the end of colonial rule in 1947. Tillerson, due to meet Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and Pakistan s powerful military chiefs in a one-day visit, is expected to urge Pakistan to do more to root out Afghan Taliban and Haqqani network militants operating on its soil. But he is also expected to hear Pakistani officials warn him that drawing nuclear-armed India deeper into Afghanistan would destabilise the region and do little to end the 16-year war that is now America s longest military conflict.  Bringing India into the mix is like adding kerosene to fire,  said Miftah Ismail, a state minister and close ally of Prime Minister Abbasi.  It s a complete red line. India has no political role to play in Afghanistan as far as we are concerned.      Many Pakistanis feel betrayed that its traditional ally is now cosying up to India over Afghanistan. But the anger runs both ways. The United States accuses Pakistan of playing a double game since 2001, offering public backing to Washington while turning a blind eye, or even at times assisting, the Afghan Taliban and other militants who carry out deadly attacks against U.S. forces and their allies in Afghanistan. Pakistan supported the Afghan Taliban in the 1990s as a hedge to Indian influence in Afghanistan, and analysts say its military and security services maintained ties long after the Taliban regime was toppled in 2001. Pakistan denies providing a safe haven for Afghan Taliban and other militant fighters. Tillerson, during a visit to Afghanistan on Monday, said Washington has made some  very specific requests of Pakistan in order for them to take action to undermine the support the Taliban receives and other terrorist organizations receive . U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis earlier this month said the United States would try  one more time  to work with Pakistan in Afghanistan, before opting for more punitive measures. President Donald Trump has vowed to be tougher on Pakistan than his predecessors. The United States has threatened further military aid cuts and U.S. officials have mooted targeted sanctions against Pakistani military figures, but in the past two weeks there have been hints of a slight thawing in ties. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Tillerson last week called Abbasi to thank Pakistan after its army rescued a U.S.-Canadian couple who were held hostage by the Taliban-allied Haqqani network for nearly five years, along with their three children born in captivity. Relations were further boosted when Omar Khalid Khorasani, leader of the lethal Jamaat-ul-Ahrar (JuA) group who Islamabad had been trying to catch for years, was killed by a U.S. drone strike last week. India has increased aid to Afghanistan in recent years and last year promised to ship more arms. Such moves have aggravating fears in Pakistan that it will find itself wedged between two hostile neighbors.  Islamabad bristles at the idea that India holds the key to ending the Afghanistan conflict, and fears U.S. meddling could unsettle a delicate balance of power in South Asia.  Promoting a higher involvement of India in Afghanistan will only worsen the historic strategic rivalries playing out in the region,  said Sherry Rehman, Pakistan s former ambassador to United States and a senior member of the opposition Pakistan People s Party. Pakistan points to the 3.5 million Afghan refugees it hosts as proof that it has more than anyone else to lose from chaos in Afghanistan, and has emphasized the need for greater cooperation and intelligence sharing with United States and Afghanistan. But while Pakistan may not like it, India looks set to continue playing a role in Afghanistan, according to Sushant Sareen, a foreign policy analyst at the Vivekananda International Foundation, a think-tank with ties to the government of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.   The message is very clear that India is an important player when it comes to coordinating policies between Afghanistan and Washington,  said Sareen. ",1
16710,Factbox: U.S.-Pakistan ties falter as Afghanistan war drags on,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Ties between the United States and Pakistan have veered between extremes over the past four decades. Here are some of the key moments in their turbulent relationship:  1980s: United States pumps weapons, money and foreign fighters into Afghanistan, with the help of Pakistan s Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) spy agency, to support mujahideen fighters defeat Soviet Union troops in Afghanistan. 1990: The United States imposes sanctions on Pakistan over Islamabad s covert nuclear program. With the Soviet Union routed in Afghanistan and the Cold War ending, Pakistan had lost its importance as a regional ally. 1998: The United States imposes sanctions on Pakistan and India over their nuclear tests. 1999: Washington imposes more sanctions on Pakistan after army chief Pervez Musharraf topples a democratically elected government in a military coup. 2001: After the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington, the United States asks Musharraf to help track down al Qaeda and remove the Taliban from power. Pakistan turns on its former Taliban allies and arrests al Qaeda leaders.  * Washington removes all sanctions against Pakistan in the wake of Pakistan s support for its war against al Qaeda and other Islamist militant groups in Afghanistan. 2004: George W. Bush s administration designates Pakistan a  major non-NATO ally , boosting Islamabad s diplomatic prestige and giving Pakistan greater access to U.S. military technology. 2011: CIA contractor Raymond Davis kills two Pakistanis in the eastern city of Lahore in January 2011. Davis was acquitted of murder and allowed to leave Pakistan after a $2.3 million payment was made to the men s families. * U.S. troops kill Osama bin Laden on Pakistani soil in May 2011. The raid, kept secret from Pakistani authorities, was a humiliation for Pakistan s powerful military and again raised questions about whether it was harboring militants. * NATO helicopters and fighter jets attack Pakistani military outposts by accident, killing 24 soldiers. Pakistani retaliated by blocking a NATO supply route through its territory to Afghanistan for more than seven months. 2016: U.S. Congress blocks the sale of F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan. Military aid to Pakistan reduced. 2017: U.S. President Donald Trump outlines a new South Asia policy. Trump accuses Pakistan of harboring  agents of chaos  and providing safe havens to militant groups waging an insurgency against the U.S.-backed government in Kabul. ",1
16711,Tillerson pays flying visit to Afghanistan to discuss U.S. strategy,"BAGRAM AIR BASE, Afghanistan (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Monday discussed with Afghan leaders the U.S. strategy for ending America s longest war, in a brief, unreported visit that underscored the challenge of quelling the country s insurgency. Tillerson spent almost three hours in a heavily guarded building in the main U.S. military facility in Afghanistan, most of the time in talks with President Ashraf Ghani, Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah and other U.S. and Afghan officials. A small group of U.S. media accompanying the former ExxonMobil CEO on his first official visit to Afghanistan were prohibited for security reasons from filing dispatches, photographs and video until they returned to Qatar. While there have been no recent attacks on the airbase by Taliban insurgents, the sprawling facility north of Kabul has been regularly hit since the 2001 U.S. invasion by rockets, mortars and explosives-laden vehicles. A recent visit to Kabul by U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was greeted by a rocket attack on the city s main airport. Speaking at a brief news conference after his meeting with Ghani and Abdullah, Tillerson said he would be flying to Pakistan on Tuesday to reinforce the Trump administration s demand that Islamabad move against the Taliban and other extremists based inside its borders or face the consequences.  We have made some very specific requests of Pakistan in order for them to take action to undermine the support the Taliban receives and other terrorist organizations receive,  he said.  U.S. policy toward Islamabad  will be based upon whether they take action that we feel is necessary to move the process forward for both creating opportunity for reconciliation and peace in Afghanistan but also ensuring a stable future for Pakistan,  he continued. Tillerson said he would then travel to India to discuss a request that it expand its economic and development assistance to Afghanistan. ",1
16712,Slain sergeant's widow says Trump call 'made me cry even worse',", (Reuters) - The widow of a U.S. Army sergeant killed in Niger this month said on Monday that President Donald Trump had  made me cry even worse  in a condolence telephone call when he said her husband  knew what he signed up for.  Myeshia Johnson s comments in an ABC interview, her first to the media about the call from Trump, fueled a controversy that has raged for a week over how the president has handled consoling relatives of slain service members. After the interview aired, Trump again defended himself, saying in a Twitter post that his conversation with Johnson had been  very respectful.  In the  Good Morning America  interview, Johnson also said she has been told little about how her husband, Sergeant La David T. Johnson, was killed and has not been allowed to see his body.  La David Johnson was one of four U.S. Army special forces soldiers killed during an Oct. 4 ambush in the West African nation.  Last week, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives and friend of Johnson s family, Frederica Wilson, said she listened to the call on speakerphone in a car as she rode with them to receive the late sergeant s body at a Miami airport, and that Trump had upset the relatives. That drew a rebuke from the president, who dubbed Wilson  wacky  and denied her account.  I didn t say what that congresswoman said,  Trump told reporters last week.  I had a very nice conversation with the woman, with the wife who ... sounded like a lovely woman.  In Monday s interview, Myeshia Johnson said,  The president said that he (her husband) knew what he signed up for, but it hurts anyway ... And it made me cry because I was very angry at the tone of his voice and how he couldn t remember my husband s name.  In his tweet after the interview aired, Trump said,  I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!  Johnson said the military has told her little about what happened to her husband and his comrades in Niger, where about 800 U.S. troops are engaged in counter-terrorism operations against an affiliate of the Islamic State militant group. She also said she was upset she has not been allowed to see his body.  I don t know what s in that box,  said of the coffin.  It could be empty for all I know.  Johnson said she did not say anything during the call with the president, adding that afterward, she was  very upset and hurt. It made me cry even worse.  Asked what she might now tell Trump, she said she had  nothing to say to him.   Republican U.S. Senator John McCain, a veteran who spent more than five years as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam and who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, said on Monday that lawmakers want answers about the ambush in Niger.  We should not be fighting about a brave American who lost his life serving his country. That should not be a topic in America today,  he told ABC s  The View  program, adding that his committee needed more information about the incident.  Unless you learn the lessons, then you re going to repeat them,  he said. In separate interviews on Sunday, Republican Senator Lindsey Graham and Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer both said they backed McCain s efforts to get more details, and that they had not been aware that the United States had so many military personnel in Niger. U.S. forces do not have a direct combat role in Niger, but they help its army with intelligence and reconnaissance in the government s efforts to target violent extremist groups. The current controversy erupted after Trump said a week ago that some of his predecessors as president  didn t do anything  to console the relatives of fallen soldiers. He did not back up the claim and it was shown to be false. [nL2N1MS0M9] The acrimony generated around his call with Johnson echoed a controversy last year during the presidential campaign, when Trump sparred with Khizr Khan and Ghazala Khan, whose son was killed while serving in Iraq in 2004.    ",1
16713,New school offers education 'salvation' for Syrian girls in Lebanon,"BAR ELIAS, Lebanon (Reuters) - A new girls  school for Syrian refugees in Lebanon s poor Bekaa region is aiming to give girls from conservative backgrounds  the chance at a formal education.  Gaining access to education in general is difficult for Syrian refugees in Lebanon, but for girls from socially conservative families who disapprove of mixed schools, it is even harder.       Zahra al-Ayed, 14, and her sister Batoul, 17, were from a village in Syria s northern Idlib province where women were expected to marry young.  But the experience of fleeing war and living in harsh poverty woke her parents to the life-changing importance of education, the girls  mother Mirdiyeh al-Ayed said.   My eldest daughter tells me that she will not marry until after she finishes her education. She even wants to travel abroad and learn,  she said.      Human Rights Watch organisation said in its latest report in April that more than half a million refugee children are out of school in Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey. In Lebanon, international donors paid for 200,000 public school spaces for Syrian children in 2015-2016, according to the HRW report, but only 149,000 children actually enrolled. Lebanese and international non-governmental organizations have been striving to fill the gap, and to eliminate the legal, financial and language barriers preventing refugee children from getting their education.     For the al-Ayed family, used to Syria s system of gender segregation after the age of 12, one big barrier to enrolling the girls was the lack of single-sex schools in Lebanon that accept refugees.  The new school that Zahra will attend is in Bar Elias in the Bekaa valley and was opened on Thursday by the Kayany Foundation, a Lebanese charity. It educates 160 Syrian girls aged from 14-18 who have missed school for several years.  Those who manage to pass the Lebanese system s eighth grade exams - usually taken at the age of 14 or 15 - can join the local Lebanese public school in Bar Elias, which Batoul al-Ayed has done.  The Kayany Foundation school teaches the official Lebanese curriculum, which includes science, mathematics, Arabic and English, in addition to vocational skills.  The school, built from colorful pre-fabricated classrooms, is its seventh in the Bekaa valley, where the majority of the Syrian refugee communities are located in Lebanon. It was meant to address the Syrian parents  concerns about sending their teenage daughters to schools for both girls and boys. All its teachers are women and it provides transportation for students between home and school.  Education is salvation for the refugee girls,  said Nora Jumblatt, head of the Kayany Foundation, at the opening ceremony.  Funding for the school was secured for this year from international charity Save the Children and the United Nations Women For Peace Association, according to Kayany officials.  I have a dream to become a pharmacist,  Rama, 19, who is preparing to apply for the eight grade exams at Kayany school said. In normal times, Rama would already have been applying for university at that age.  I still want to go back to Syria and fulfill my dream there, in Damascus University,  she added. ",1
16714,Catalonia warns of civil disobedience as Madrid readies direct rule,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia said on Monday it was confident all officials including police would defy attempts by Madrid to enforce direct rule on the region in a dispute that is raising fears of unrest among Spain s European allies. The Spanish government has invoked special constitutional powers to fire the regional government and force elections to counter an independence drive. A vote in the national Senate to implement direct rule is due on Friday. But leaders of the secessionist campaign said a referendum on Oct. 1, in which 43 percent of the electorate voted, gave them a mandate to claim independence from the rest of Spain.   It s not that we will refuse (orders). It is not a personal decision. It is a seven million-person decision,  Catalonia s foreign affairs chief Raul Romeva told BBC radio. Romeva was asked whether he believed all institutions, including the police, would follow orders from Catalan institutions rather than obey the Spanish government.  And from that perspective, I have no doubt that all civil servants in Catalonia will keep following the instructions provided by the elected and legitimate institutions that we have right now in place (in Catalonia),  he said. Catalan authorities said about 90 percent of those who took part in the referendum on Oct. 1 voted for independence. But only 43 percent of the electorate and 1 in 3 Catalans participated, with most opponents of secession staying at home. The crisis over the wealthy Catalan region has raised fears among European countries of a spillover to other parts of the continent. Two wealthy regions of northern Italy voted overwhelmingly on Sunday for greater autonomy, though those referendums were held in line with the constitution and were not binding on Rome. Separatists are active in Belgium s Flanders region, and France s Corsica has long been home to a secessionist movement. At a European Union summit last week, leaders sought to minimize Spain s crisis with Catalonia and described the secession bid as a domestic issue. Civil disobedience was also backed by the far-left party CUP, a key support for Catalonia s pro-independence minority government in the regional parliament, which has called Madrid s actions an aggression against all Catalans.   An aggression which will be met with massive civil disobedience,  the CUP said in a statement. Several hundred Catalan municipalities said they were against direct rule from Madrid and asked the Catalan parliament to vote on a motion rejecting it. Some teachers and firemen also said they would not recognize Spain s authority.  We will not recognize as valid interlocutors those people who are not representatives of popular legitimacy,  the teachers  union USTEC said in a statement.  We will be where we should be in this moment: with the Catalan institutions and with democracy as it fights for its survival.  Spain has said it would fire top Catalan officials if they did not comply with orders but it has remained vague on how it plans to implement direct rule if lower ranking civil servants decide not to follow instructions. Foreign minister Alfonso Dastis said the central government was not planning any arrests. Around 4,000 national police who had been shipped in for the referendum have remained in Catalonia. This comes on top of 5,000 state police already based in the region. They usually act as a back-up to Catalonia s own 17,000-strong police force, the Mossos d Esquadra, though they have also been seen reinforcing security at some official buildings in Catalonia s capital Barcelona. Catalan president Carles Puigdemont has called the Catalan parliament to meet this week to agree on a response to Madrid, something many observers said could pave the way for a formal declaration of independence. The assembly will meet on Thursday to agree a response to direct rule. Puigdemont was also considering appearing before the Spanish Senate to explain his position. The Cercle d Economia, an influential Catalan business association, called on Puigdemont to resolve the crisis by calling a snap election before direct rule becomes effective. Catalonia risked heading into prolonged and uncontrolled insecurity and civil unrest, it said.   Its consequences are unpredictable but, in any case, dramatic in terms of self-government, coexistence, economic growth and employment,  it said in a statement. More than 1,300 companies have decided to transfer their legal headquarters out of Catalonia due to the current uncertainty, according to the national companies registry. However, Catalan government spokesman Jordi Turull said calling a snap election was not an option. An opinion poll published by the El Periodico newspaper on Sunday showed a snap election would probably have results similar to the last ballot, in 2015, when a coalition of pro-independence parties formed a minority government. Spain s Deputy Prime Minister said Puigdemont would be out of a job once direct rule was enforced and Madrid would install its own representative. The Spanish government has said it would call a regional election within six months.  They are president of the regional government and senior figures in that government because of the constitution,  said Soraya Saenz de Santamaria during a radio interview.  They are not entrusted with that role by any divine authority,  she said. ",1
16715,"Russian serviceman in Chechnya kills four servicemen, then is killed, TASS reports","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian serviceman in the Caucasus region of Chechnya killed four other servicemen on Monday, then he was killed by the members of an alert unit, TASS news agency cited a Federal National Guard Troops Service spokesman as saying. A man who opened fire was a senior lieutenant of National Guard Troops, TASS reported. ",1
16716,EU calls report on May-Juncker talks a smear,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission said a newspaper report that Jean-Claude Juncker had disparaged Theresa May s  despondent  demeanor after a dinner last week was a deliberate smear intended to disrupt Brexit negotiations. It was the second time in six months that a correspondent for Germany s Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung who is respected for his access to Juncker s team has published an account of the EU chief executive s reactions after a dinner meeting with the British prime minister on Britain s EU withdrawal.  But unlike in April, the Commission hotly denied leaking the story, which painted an unflattering picture of a British leader worn down by party in-fighting and  pleading  for the EU s help.  Nothing is true in all of this,  President Juncker told the BBC, adding that May had been  in good shape  and  not tired . The denial came after Juncker s chief-of-staff got into a Twitter spat with his former counterpart in May s team, denying the Briton s allegation that he was the source and pointing a finger at unnamed interests out to hurt relations with London.  It seems some have interest in undermining constructive relations @JunckerEU & PM May,  Martin Selmayr tweeted after the accusation by Nick Timothy.  Who? is the real question.      Timothy, who resigned as May s chief-of-staff after an election upset in June, had accused Selmayr, the German head of Juncker s office, of briefing the FAZ to undermine improved relations between May and EU leaders after a summit last week.      After constructive Council meeting, Selmayr does this,  he tweeted.  Reminder that some in Brussels want no deal or a punitive one.  Selmayr said neither he nor Juncker made the reported comments.  This is false. I know it doesn t fit your clich , @NickJTimothy. But @JunckerEU & I have no interest in weakening PM ... It s an attempt 2 frame EU side & 2 undermine talks.  Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas told reporters:  Some people like to point at us to serve their own political agendas ... or even to undermine our own negotiating position. We would appreciate if these people would leave us alone.  He declined to say who might wish the Commission ill. The newspaper stood by its story. Some of the most vocal opponents of May s negotiations have been fellow Conservatives urging her to reject EU demands for money and other concessions and just walk away without a deal. May s spokesman declined comment but recalled that May and Juncker had described the dinner as  constructive and friendly . London was irritated that after the earlier dinner, at 10 Downing Street in April, the FAZ reported that Juncker told aides he thought May was  in another galaxy  with her demands for favors from the European Union after Britain leaves. At the time, EU officials did not contest the thrust of that story. May, who was then expecting the election to strengthen not weaken her, dismissed it as  Brussels gossip . But officials on both sides said the April report had been a setback to creating an atmosphere of trust needed to reach a deal. It prompted reports that German Chancellor Angela Merkel was also irritated by the leak for the same reason. On Friday, EU leaders moved to speed up talks and spoke of opening a new phase in December. Some said they understood May s difficulties in forging consensus in London. ",1
16717,Two Somali soldiers wounded in gun fight with fellow troops,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Two Somali soldiers were wounded in a gun fight with other troops on Monday, a police officer said, a worrying internal rift for a military with a history of factionalism that is fighting a resurgence by militant Islamists  The al Shabaab group is suspected of being behind the country s single deadliest attack on civilians this month that killed at least 358 people. Nur Ali, a police officer, told Reuters the brief fighting took place in the Yaqshid district of the capital Mogadishu and was triggered by a misunderstanding between the district commissioner and security forces.      The district commissioner s home guards and security forces exchanged gunfire,  Ali said, adding that soldiers briefly seized the commissioner s office.  The dispute was resolved, Ali said, but not before two soldiers were wounded.  Somali s military is often troubled by low morale caused by missed salaries, factionalism and defections. The country has been virtually lawless since the early 1990s after dictator Siad Barre was deposed. Al Shabaab has not claimed responsibility for the twin bombing on Oct. 14 that flattened several buildings but it has carried out attacks on security targets over the years as it fights to topple the western-backed government, often also killing civilians.  ",1
16718,"After question on foreign meddling in Brexit, UK says democracy secure","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s democracy is one of the most secure in the world and will remain so, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Monday in response to a question about a suggestion that there may have been foreign interference in the Brexit vote. Opposition lawmaker Ben Bradshaw last week urged the government to look into reports by advocacy group Open Democracy suggesting that the origin of some Brexit campaign funds was unclear. Bradshaw said in parliament the issue should be investigated  given the widespread concern over foreign and particularly Russian interference in Western democracies . At a briefing with reporters, May s spokesman was asked if the prime minister was concerned about the reports.  I am not aware of those concerns,  he said.  More broadly, as we ve always said, the UK democratic system is amongst one of the most secure in the world and will continue to be so.  Open Democracy, which describes itself as an independent media platform aiming to challenge power and encourage debate, had raised questions about the finances of businessman Arron Banks, one of the main financial backers of the Brexit cause.  The only people concerned are those that still can t come to terms with the fact that they lost the referendum so will come up with more and more ludicrous excuses,  Banks said in a statement texted to Reuters by a spokesman. Banks dismissed Open Democracy s report without addressing it in detail and accused Bradshaw of peddling a  tedious myth  about Russian meddling in the Brexit debate. The Electoral Commission, which regulates political finance in Britain, said in April it was investigating campaign spending by Leave.EU, one of the pro-Brexit organizations funded by Banks. It gave no details of what its probe was about.  I m not remotely worried. We did nothing wrong,  Banks said in the text. A spokeswoman for the Electoral Commission said the investigation was still going on and it would not provide any further information until it was complete. Open Democracy had also raised concerns about a large donation to Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), which is now propping up May s minority Conservative government. Open Democracy said the origin of the money, which was spent on campaigning for Brexit, was unclear.  The DUP, which was earlier reported to have said the funds came from  an organization in England that wants to see the union (between the UK s constituent parts) kept , did not respond to repeated requests for comment. During a debate in parliament later on Monday, May was asked whether EU leaders had discussed the issue of Russian interference at a summit last week. She said it had not come up. ",1
16719,Syria's Assad meets once dissident footballers in Damascus,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian President Bashar al-Assad met two former dissident footballers who returned to the national team for its World Cup qualifying campaign after years in exile, photographs posted by his office showed on Monday. Syria s football team outdid expectations in its campaign to qualify for the World Cup finals, reaching a play-off against Australia on Oct. 10 that they lost 2-1.  The photographs published on the presidency s social media feed showed him apparently in amicable conversation with Firas al-Khatib and Omar al-Soma, players who were both pictured with the Syrian opposition flag early in the conflict. Other photographs showed Assad posing with the whole team and signing a player s jacket. Syria s war, which began with demonstrations against Assad in 2011, has killed hundreds of thousands of Syrians and left more than half the population homeless. The army has gained momentum over the past two years, with military support from Russia and Iran.  The government says its policy is to pardon any Syrians who joined the opposition unless they have  blood on their hands . However, many exiles have said they fear arrest if they return.  The football team s unexpectedly strong performance in the qualifiers was hailed by many government supporters as a unifying moment for the country. But some opposition supporters identified the team with Assad s government, and declined to back it. ",1
16720,Turkey to investigate Galatasaray's 'Rocky' poster over coup links,"ANKARA (Reuters) - The Turkish government has launched an investigation into a poster unfurled by fans of Istanbul s Galatasaray soccer team that pro-Turkish media said was clearly linked to organizers of the 2016 attempted coup. Just before Sunday s match kicked between Galatasaray and local rivals Fenerbahce, the home fans opened a giant red and yellow poster behind the goal showing Sylvester Stallone s famous fictional boxer  Rocky , with the caption  Stand Up  and  They look big because you are kneeling.  Pro-government Turkish media linked the poster and its caption to the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Ankara accuses of masterminding the July 2016 failed coup attempt. Pro-government daily Takvim said the poster was a reference to a speech by Gulen, where he was quoted reading from a poem that ends with the words  Stand Up Sakarya . Sakarya is a province in northwest Turkey. Prime Minister Binali Yildirim on Monday ordered authorities to carry out an investigation into the poster, sources from his office said. The game between Galatasaray and Fenerbahce, Turkey s biggest fixture, ended in a 0-0 draw after a match that was marred by violence in which a referee was injured. In a statement, Galatasaray said the accusations were  a pathetic attempt  to discredit the club, adding that the same poster was used at a match in May.  We will use all our legal rights against any institution, person and social media account who tried to put the Galatasaray name next to that of the red-handed leader of the heinous terrorist organisation by using the choreography as an excuse,  the club said on its website. Some 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over suspected links to last year s failed coup and more than 150,000 have been sacked or suspended from their jobs in the military, public and private sectors. Rights groups and Turkey s Western allies have said President Tayyip Erdogan is using the failed coup as a pretext to crush dissent, but the government says the measures are necessary to fight the threats it is facing. Following the statement from Yildirim s office, Galatasaray s shares were down 4.89 percent as of 1535 GMT. Current league leaders Galatasaray are Turkey s most decorated soccer club, with 20 league championships, and became the first Turkish club to win a major European trophy when they won the 2000 UEFA Cup, the predecessor to the Europa league. ",1
16721,Egyptian air force says strikes arms convoy at Libya border,"CAIRO (Reuters) - The Egyptian military said on Monday its air force hit eight four-wheel-drive vehicles carrying arms and explosives at Egypt s western border with Libya, killing the militants on board. A military statement gave no details of the number of fatalities or about which militant group it suspected was transporting the arms. Last Friday Egypt s security forces suffered one of their deadliest attacks, when militants killed police officers using rockets and explosives in a remote area about 135 km (85 miles) southwest of Cairo.    Egyptian security forces have been battling an insurgency by Islamic State that was largely concentrated in the Sinai Peninsula but has in recent months extended to other parts of the country. Egypt has carried out air strikes in Libya occasionally since its neighbor descended into factional fighting in the years following the 2011 civil war that ousted Muammar Gaddafi. In a separate statement, Egypt s armed forces said they had  raided a terrorist stronghold in northern Sinai, killing six very dangerous takfiris  - a term used by hardline Muslims to accuse other Muslims of apostasy.  The statement added that in the raid, which was carried out after the military received information of the stronghold, security forces confiscated  a large amount of arms and ammunition.   ",1
16722,Philippines declares battle with Islamist rebels over in Marawi City,"MARAWI CITY/CLARK, Philippines (Reuters) - The Philippines on Monday announced the end of five months of military operations in a southern city held by pro-Islamic State rebels, after a fierce and unfamiliar urban war that has marked the country s biggest security crisis in years. Offensive combat operations were terminated after troops put a stop to the last stand of rebel gunmen who clung on inside several buildings in the heart of Marawi, and refused to surrender. Artillery and automatic gunfire were still heard on Monday and Reuters journalists saw flames behind a mosque. The bodies of 40 fighters and two of their wives were found there and in two buildings close by.  Ernesto Abella, spokesman for President Rodrigo Duterte, said the Philippines had prevailed against  the most serious threat of violent extremism and radicalism in the Philippines and in Southeast Asia .  Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana said the security forces had  nipped the budding infrastructure  of extremist groups.   In crushing thus far the most serious attempt to export violent extremism and radicalism in the Philippines and in the region, we have contributed to preventing its spread in Asia,  Lorenzana said in Clark at a meeting of regional defense ministers. The rebel occupation stunned a military inexperienced in urban combat and stoked wider concerns that Islamic State loyalists have gained influence among local Muslims and have ambitions to use the island of Mindanao as a base for operations in Southeast Asia. Those fears are compounded by the organization of the militant alliance and its ability to recruit young fighters, lure foreign radicals, stockpile huge amounts of arms and endure 154 days of ground offensive and air strikes. The authorities said 920 militants, 165 troops and police and at least 45 civilians were killed in the conflict, which displaced more than 300,000 people. The center of the picturesque lakeside town is now in ruins due to heavy shelling and aerial bombing. The deputy task force commander in Marawi, Colonel Romeo Brawner, said troops would secure the city from militant  stragglers  who might still be alive.  If we find them and they will attack our soldiers or even the civilians, then we will have to defend ourselves,  he told reporters.    After months of slow progress, the military has made significant gains in retaking Marawi in the week since Isnilon Hapilon, Islamic State s  emir  in Southeast Asia and Omarkhayam Maute, a leader of the Maute militant group, were killed in a nighttime operation. Another leader and possible bankroller of the operation, Malaysian Mahmud Ahmad, was likely killed also, the military said. Military spokesman, Major General Restituto Padilla, confirmed there was still gunfire ongoing, but there were  no more terrorists  and the army s last battles were with an enemy decimated by the loss of its leadership.  They were formless, they had no place to run,  he said.      Duterte had declared Marawi City liberated six days ago, even though fighting was not actually over. On Sunday, he said it was important to be vigilant because no country could escape Islamic State s  clutches of evil .  I m not trying to scare you, but let s just be prepared for any event,  he said. Lorenzana said six battalions of troops would remain in Marawi and though the battle had been won, the enemy s radical ideology had not been completely annihilated.  He thanked the United States, Australia, Singapore and China for providing weaponry and technical support, including surveillance aircraft, and said the conflict would be a catalyst for closer international cooperation against extremism. The government estimates the rebuilding of the heart of Marawi could cost in excess of $1 billion.  ",1
16723,"Two dead, two wounded in shooting incident on Myanmar-Bangladesh border","YANGON (Reuters) - Two hunters from a remote village in the north of Myanmar s troubled Rakhine state were killed and two others were injured by unidentified gunmen after crossing the border into Bangladesh, Myanmar s government said on Monday. The incident took place on Sunday evening near the village of Aung Thabyay, which is located some 2 kilometers (1.24 miles)from Myanmar s border with Bangladesh.   The four crossed the border fence while searching for a boar and got shot by 15 people wearing civilian clothes with guns 100 yards from the border fence,  Myanmar said in a statement that gave no other details. The wounded hunters were treated at a hospital in the regional town of Maungdaw, some 60 kilometers (37 miles) south of where the incident took place. The hunters belong to a small ethnic group from northern Rakhine called the Daingnet that is mostly Buddhist. Unlike the Rohingya Muslims, they are recognized among Myanmar s 135  national races . About 600,000 people have crossed the border since Aug. 25 when Rohingya Muslim insurgent attacks on security posts were met by a counter-offensive by the Myanmar army in Rakhine. The  United Nations says the government s actions amount to ethnic cleansing. ",1
16724,Turkish soldier killed in PKK attack in southeast: sources,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish military vehicle was hit by an improvised explosive device in the southeastern province of Hakkari, killing one soldier, security sources said on Monday. The device was detonated by militants of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) as the vehicle was passing the road near Turkey s border with Iraq, the sources said.  Turkey s largely Kurdish southeast has been rocked by violence following the collapse of a 2-1/2-year ceasefire between the state and the PKK in 2015. The autonomy-seeking PKK took up arms in 1984, and more than 40,000 people have died in the conflict. It is considered a terrorist organization by Turkey, the United States and the European Union. ",1
16725,Save the Children suspends migrant rescues in Mediterranean,"ROME (Reuters) - International humanitarian group Save the Children said on Monday it had suspended migrant rescues in the Mediterranean Sea as departures from Libya slow and security conditions worsen. Save the Children has operated a ship, the Vos Hestia, since September last year, rescuing more than 10,000 migrants from dangerous and overcrowded boats launched by people smugglers.  For too long we have been the substitution for the inexistent and inadequate European policies for search and rescue and for hosting migrants,  Save the Children Director General Valerio Neri said in a statement.   Italian police searched the Vos Hestia on Monday as part of a wider investigation into the role non-government organizations are playing in picking up migrants off the Libya coast and bringing them to Italy. Save the Children said its decision to halt rescues was already planned before the police search. Earlier this year, the government asked humanitarian groups to sign a  code of conduct . The government said the rescuers were providing an incentive for smugglers to put migrants to sea. Police in August seized a migrant rescue boat operated by a German aid group Jugend Rettet. The chief prosecutor in the Sicilian city of Trapani said he had evidence of encounters between traffickers, who escorted illegal immigrants to the NGO boat, and members of its crew. Jugend Rettet denied any wrongdoing. Save the Children said in a statement it was not under investigation and was cooperating with authorities. The documents seized by police on Monday concerned  presumed illegal actions committed by third persons , it said. Several months ago some 10 rescue ships took turns patrolling the North African coast, picking up migrants who reached international waters and bringing them to Italy.  Now only one large ship and a few small ones remain, with many organizations   including Doctors Without Borders   pulling out for various reasons, including security concerns and unhappiness with the attitude of the Italian authorities. The Libyan Coast Guard, funded and trained by Italy, has taken a hostile stance toward the humanitarian boats in a series of incidents on the high seas.  In August, a Libyan vessel intercepted a charity ship and ordered it to sail to Tripoli or risk being fired on. Departures from Libya have fallen dramatically since July, when an armed group that had been deeply involved in smuggling from the city of Sabratha began blocking departures. So far in October sea arrivals to Italy are down more than 75 percent compared with the same month last year. ",1
16726,Four Yemeni soldiers killed by suspected al Qaeda truck bombing,"ADEN (Reuters) - Suspected al Qaeda militants attacked a military checkpoint in the southern Yemen province of Abyan on Monday, killing four soldiers and wounding 10, a military official said. Four men wearing explosive vests emerged from their truck at the checkpoint in the town of Mudia while the driver detonated the vehicle, the official told Reuters. All five attackers were killed in the explosions, which could be felt throughout the town, he said. Al Qaeda s local affiliate in Yemen, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP),  later claimed responsibility for the attack in a message on its Telegram channel, according to the SITE monitoring centre The group has taken advantage of a civil war between the Iran-aligned Houthi group and President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi s Saudi-backed government to strengthen its position in the impoverished country. AQAP operates in several provinces in south and eastern Yemen, including in Abyan, Shabwa and al-Bayda. ",1
16727,Iraq's Kurdistan region delays elections,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Elections for Iraq s Kurdistan region s presidency and parliament set for Nov. 1 will be delayed because political parties failed to present candidates, the head of the electoral commission Hendrean Mohammed told Reuters on Monday. Parties have been unable to focus on the elections because of turmoil that followed a referendum on Sept. 25 on Kurdish independence, a Kurdish MP said on condition of anonymity. Authorities in Baghdad as well as neighbors Iran and Turkey opposed the referendum that saw a clear independence majority.  Last week, Iraqi forces captured the oil city of Kirkuk and other territory claimed by the Kurds in retaliation for the referendum, dealing a severe blow to Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) President Masoud Barzani. The Kurdish electoral commission s Mohammed, speaking by phone from the KRG capital Erbil, in northern Iraq, said it is up to the Kurdistan region s parliament to fix a new date for the elections. The deadline to present candidates expired last week and was extended until Monday.  The current KRG presidency, held by Barzani since 2005, and parliament, elected in 2013, are expected to continue until new votes are held, he said. The loss of Kirkuk prompted calls from Gorran, the main opposition party to Barzani, for his resignation. Gorran, or the Change Movement, supports the right of Iraq s Kurds for self-determination but it opposed holding the referendum on Sept. 25, saying the timing was ill-chosen. ",1
16728,Iraq builds up forces south of Kurdish oil export pipeline: security sources,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces are deploying tanks and artillery south of a Kurdish-held area of northern Iraq where a section of a Kurdish oil export pipeline is located, security sources said on Monday. The buildup is taking place northwest of Mosul, an official from the Kurdistan Regional Government s (KRG) security council said by phone from the Kurdish capital, Erbil.  An Iraqi government security advisor said the Fish-Khabur area, northwest of Mosul, is the location of crossings into Turkey and Syria that Baghdad wants to bring under its control. But he declined to say if a military move was being prepared.  A pipeline carrying crude across Iraqi Kurdistan connects to a metering station in Fish-Khabur before feeding another pipeline that takes the crude to the Turkish Mediterranean coast for exports. The military buildup is taking place around Rabi a, 40 kilometers (25 miles) south of the Fish-Khabur, the Kurdish security official said. Turkey and Iran both support measures taken by the Iraqi government to isolate the KRG after it held a referendum on Kurdish independence on Sept. 25 and to bring the Kurdistan region s oil exports and land crossings under Baghdad s authority.  Iraq has shown zero signs of de-escalating,  said a statement by the KRG Security Council about the deployment, adding that units being brought to the region include Iranian-backed Popular Mobilisation paramilitaries. The Fish-Khabur crossing has been under Kurdish control since 1991, when the United States and western powers imposed a no-fly zone over northern Iraq to protect the Kurds from Saddam Hussein s army. The Syrian side of the border in the region is now under the control of U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish forces.  ",1
16729,UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal before European parliament: May,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Monday she expected a vote in parliament on the final Brexit deal to take place before the European parliament gets to vote on the agreement.   We have said that there will be a vote on the deal in this House and we expect that to be a vote that will take place before the European parliament votes on the deal,  May told parliament on Monday, as she gave an update on the latest round of talks with the European Union.  ",1
16730,Half of central Congo's 1.5 million displaced people have returned,"GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Almost half of the 1.5 million people displaced by an insurrection in central Democratic Republic of Congo since last year have returned home as violence has waned in recent months, the United Nations said on Monday. Fighting in central Congo s Kasai region between government forces and militia fighters demanding their withdrawal from the region has killed up to 5,000 people since August of last year. The violence in the usually peaceful center of the country has come amid concern over instability since President Joseph Kabila refused to step down at the end of his mandate last December.  The election commission said earlier this month that an election to replace Kabila, who came to power after his father s assassination in 2001, will not be possible before April 2019 at the earliest - angering opposition members and raising the prospect of long-term unrest. For now, the situation in Kasai appears to be improving. The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) said in a report that 710,000 people had returned to their homes in Kasai, while 762,000 remain displaced. Another 30,000 have fled to neighboring Angola. It did not specify when those people returned home. But in a report on the humanitarian situation last month, it said 1.4 million remained displaced. It added that three million people are in a state of food insecurity in three of the Kasai region s five provinces. Congo s government has devoted considerable resources to stamping out the insurrection by the Kamuina Nsapu militia, which began after Congolese forces killed a local chief who was an outspoken critic of Kabila.  Congolese forces  heavy-handed tactics in suppressing the militia have drawn international condemnation. The United Nations has accused both the government and the militia of carrying out summary executions, and the militia of using child soldiers. The sides both deny such charges. Two U.N. investigators were killed in the region in March while investigating rights abuses.  While violence in Kasai has waned, it has flared in other areas. Militia in eastern Congo s borderlands with Burundi, Rwanda and Uganda have formed new alliances to challenge the central government. ",1
16731,UK PM May says she is 'ambitious and positive' about Brexit talks,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Monday she was  ambitious and positive  about the country s future and its negotiations to leave the European Union, describing the talks as being conducted in a  constructive spirit .  I am ambitious and positive about Britain s future and these negotiations,  she told parliament.  If we are going to take a step forward together it must be on the basis of joint effort and endeavor between the UK and the EU.  ",1
16732,UK PM May's meeting with EU officials 'constructive and friendly': spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May s meeting with European Union officials last week was  constructive and friendly , her spokesman said on Monday when asked about an unflattering  newspaper account of the meeting in a German newspaper.  I think you re referring to a newspaper article with no quotes in it, but I have no comment whatsoever on that,  the spokesman said. He referred to a joint statement issued following the meeting last week which said the talks were  constructive and friendly.  ",1
16733,Russian radio station says intruder stabs presenter in neck,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - An intruder forced his way into the offices of Russian radio station Ekho Moskvy and stabbed one of the station s anchors in the neck, the broadcaster said on its Internet site on Monday. The intruder, whose motivation was not immediately known, was detained by station security staff and handed over to police. The victim, Tatyana Felgengauer, has been hospitalized but her life is not in danger, the station said. Ekho Moskvy is owned by a media holding ultimately controlled by state-owned gas giant Gazprom. It does however, give air time to journalists and commentators who are fiercely critical of the Kremlin and its allies. One of the station s regular broadcasters, Yulia Latynina, said earlier this year she had been forced to flee Russia after a series of attacks, including the torching of her car. A spokesman for the Russian Prosecutor-General s office, Alexander Kurennoi, said on Facebook the attack was an outrageous act. She said he had assured the station s managers that the situation would be kept under control.  ",1
16734,Kenya to charge opposition leader's sister with incitement to violence,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan authorities will arrest and charge the sister of opposition leader Raila Odinga with incitement to violence after attacks on the election board, the chief prosecutor s office said on Monday. Odinga has pulled out of the re-run of an election he was due to contest on Thursday against President Uhuru Kenyatta, saying problems with the election board meant the vote would not be fair. He has called for protests and a boycott and on Sunday said on Twitter there would be  no election .  We resume our picketing at IEBC (election board) offices countrywide on Tuesday and Wednesday. We maintain that there will be no election on Thursday,  he said, without giving details. Kenya is East Africa s richest economy and a trade and transport gateway as well as a hub for diplomacy and security, so its stability is considered vital for the region. Odinga s supporters disrupted a training session for election officials last week in the western city of Kisumu, which is his political stronghold. They attacked election staff and destroyed tents and polling material, witnesses said. Ruth Odinga, who is the opposition leader s sister and a former deputy governor of Kisumu county, was present at the protest, according to Reuters witnesses. Prosecutors instructed police to arrest her, opposition Senator Fred Outa and others. She will be charged with incitement, destruction of property, obstructing election officers and trespassing in an electoral center, according to a letter that the director of public prosecution s office posted online.   The suspects should immediately be charged,  the letter said. Neither Ruth Odinga nor Outa could immediately be contacted for comment. The arrests could anger Odinga s supporters and escalate tension over an election season that has divided the country and led to the deaths of at least 37 people since the first election was held on Aug. 8 including four in the last two weeks. Odinga says the election board had made insufficient reforms to prevent a repeat of the same mistakes that marred the previous presidential polls on Aug. 8. Kenyatta won that election but the Supreme Court last nullified the result, saying there had been procedural irregularities and a repeat must be held. The election board and Kenyatta say the poll will be held regardless of whether Odinga participates. ",1
16735,Germany approves sale of three Thyssenkrupp submarines to Israel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government has approved the sale of three Thyssenkrupp submarines to Israel and will provide financial support for the purchase, government spokesman Steffen Seibert told a regular news conference on Monday. The estimated $2 billion deal is under police investigation  in Israel over suspected corruption and several public officials and private citizens have been questioned in the case. The 2016 deal has been under public scrutiny since it emerged that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s personal lawyer also represented Thyssenkrup Marine System s local agent, raising concerns of a conflict of interest. The attorney has denied wrongdoing and said he never discussed the deal with Netanyahu. Israel s justice ministry said in February that Netanyahu himself was not a suspect. Addressing Israel s parliament, Netanyahu told opposition lawmakers that the new deal with Germany helped vindicate him.   How sad for you, that you have been staking your hopes on recycling the submarines story, but also understand that this story, too, has been sunk,  he said.  Seibert said Germany would make a contribution of up to 540 million euros to help finance Israel s purchase. Seibert said an inter-governmental memorandum of understanding approving the deal would be signed later on Monday.  I would like to thank (German) Chancellor (Angela) Merkel and her government for this memorandum, which touches on a matter that is very important for Israel s national security,  Netanyahu said in his speech.   ",1
16736,Austrian conservative Kurz says needs more time on coalition talks,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian conservative leader Sebastian Kurz said on Monday he has yet to decide which party he plans to start coalition talks with, though he was still widely expected to turn to the far-right Freedom Party within days. Having won last week s parliamentary election with 31.5 percent of the vote, Kurz s party is well short of a majority, needing a coalition partner to gain control of parliament and form a stable government. Only two parties have enough seats to do that with   the Social Democrats and the Freedom Party.  It has yet to be decided with whom we want to start negotiations. I will clarify that in the coming hours or days,  Kurz told reporters after a meeting with President Alexander Van der Bellen that many expected to be followed by an announcement on who coalition talks would be held with.  There are certain issues that I would like to discuss again informally or clear up before I start negotiations,  he added, declining to specify what those issues were.  ",1
16737,"Slovakia a pro-European island in its region, PM says","BRATISLAVA (Reuters) - Slovakia s prime minister, president and parliament speaker pledged on Monday to keep to a pro-European path, a day after its Czech neighbors became the latest central European ex-Communists to elect a populist taking a hard line on the EU. Czech billionaire Andrej Babis s ANO party won the vote that punished traditional parties. Babis said on Saturday his party was pro-European but he is cool to adopting the euro single currency and resists deeper integration in the EU. With the election of Babis, the Czechs join the Poles and Hungarians in electing leaders who emphasize national interest and say they are skeptical of greater integration with Europe. Far right parties critical of Brussels have also scored successes in recent weeks in Austria and Germany, notably in Germany s former Communist east.  I never dared to comment on the domestic political situations in other countries, but I am glad that Slovakia has become a pro-European island in this region,  Slovakia s Prime Minister Robert Fico said on Monday. He said it was unintentional but apt timing that the pro-EU foreign policy declaration, which he backed along with President Andrej Kiska and parliament s Speaker Andrej Danko, appeared on the morning after the Czech vote. In power for nine of the past 11 years, Fico has clashed with Brussels himself on many occasions. But he also likes to boast that he increased Slovakia s clout by bringing it into the euro zone in 2009 when its richer Czech neighbors kept their own currency. In recent months, since the election of Emmanuel Macron in France gave a boost to pro-Europeans across the bloc, he has embraced the EU more ardently, saying he aims to steer into a  core  Europe, even if neighbors want to stay on the fringes. Fico, too, is battling a rise in anti-EU sentiment in his country of 5.4 million. But Slovakia, with a small economy driven by exports of cars and electronics to other EU states, has more to lose from alienating Brussels than its bigger and more self-sufficient neighbors. ",1
16738,Widow of Russian major killed in Syria battles for compensation,"SEVASTOPOL, Crimea (Reuters) - Vitalina Bordova received a good morning text message from her husband Sergei, a Russian marine major deployed in Syria. Half an hour later, he was hit by mortar fire that killed him. Since he died on April 18, Bordova has been in dispute with the Russian military, trying to get the financial support she believes she is entitled to as an officer s widow. Bordova described the row with the Defense Ministry in an interview with Reuters, becoming the first relative of a Russian serviceman killed in Syria to complain publicly about her treatment since Russia launched operations there two years ago. The ministry did not reply for a request for comment on the dispute.  Her case shows how the Syrian war is exacting a greater toll on Russians whose lives are touched by it as the conflict changes from a swift anti-terrorist operation to a longer drawn-out engagement.  The true level of casualties in the Syrian conflict is a sensitive subject in a country which was stung by casualties sustained in the Soviet-Afghan war which ended in 1989. According to a Reuters tally, more than 80 Russian fighters, including high-ranking officers and private military contractors, were killed in Syria in the two years of the operation. The official death toll is 39, because the defense ministry does not disclose all deaths. The government has denied understating casualty figures in Syria, where President Vladimir Putin entered the conflict to support President Bashar al-Assad. Officially, Russia is participating only in an air war over Syria with a small number of special forces and non-combat troops on the ground. Moscow denies that its troops are involved in regular ground combat operations. With the conflict drawing on, more people are being affected as the death toll rises. Bordova, who works as a military psychologist, said her wage is 8,600 roubles ($149) per month. She said that she had previously depended on the wages of her 42-year-old husband to survive. To date, she has received a payment of about $17,000   a one-fifth share of compensation that was paid out to her husband s closest relatives   children from his first marriage and his mother.  She has not received the pension to which war veterans  widows are usually entitled, or the apartment to which she argues that she is entitled under Defense Ministry rules. The dispute centers on the fact that she is still officially registered as living in the apartment of her first husband, whom she divorced three years ago. Officials say this means she does not qualify as a person living alone in need of housing support and the pension. However, she argues that this is not the case because she does not live with her first husband, and cannot cash in the share of his apartment which nominally belongs to her. Bordova cannot change her status unless she has her own apartment and only then can she register as living alone.  My wage is very small,  Bordova told Reuters in her parents  house, where she lives with her daughter from her previous marriage.  I have no money for lawyers. My husband supported me.   She described how she had reacted when her husband, bored with a desk job he had just been moved to, said he wanted to sign up for the deployment in Syria.  He asked me if I would let him go,  Bordova recalled.  I said nothing and started crying. Later ... he asked one more time. I told him  I can t keep you from it and I can t let you go ,  Bordova said in the interview. Bordova lives in Crimea, a region of Ukraine that was annexed by Russia in 2014. It was already home to many Russian military families, like Bordova s, before the annexation because Russia s Black Sea Fleet is based there. Reuters has seen an official Russian Defense Ministry response to Bordova, which said she is not eligible for an apartment as she owns one third of her first husband s flat.  Bordova says a benefits office issued her with a document stating she is a family member of a military veteran who was killed. As a person living alone with a child, that would ordinarily entitle her to a widow s pension.  But the certificate was taken back from her once a local official learnt that she is registered with her ex-husband and therefore officially is not living alone. An employee at the benefits office confirmed to Reuters that Bordova is not eligible, citing the law on veterans.  ",1
16739,Italian regions start pursuing greater autonomy in shadow of Catalonia crisis,"MILAN/VENICE (Reuters) - Political leaders in northern Italy claimed an overwhelming mandate on Monday to seek greater autonomy from Rome after referendums that did not go as far as the independence vote in Catalonia declared illegal by Spain. Voters in Lombardy and Veneto, both run by the once openly secessionist Northern League, backed the party s autonomy bid by more than 95 percent, although in Lombardy less than half of the electorate turned out. In both regions, many people complain their taxes are wasted by the central government, accusing Rome of delivering low-quality public services and diverting money to the poor south widely seen by northerners as corrupt.  This is the big bang of institutional reforms,  Veneto Governor Luca Zaia told a news conference, announcing plans to begin negotiations on clawing back powers from the central government in 23 policy areas. Regional representatives would be ready to start discussions with Rome in a week, he said.  Unlike the Catalonian referendum, which sparked a political crisis in Spain, the Italian votes were legal, but not binding on Rome. Foreign Affairs Minister Angelino Alfano said the government was ready to negotiate as long as the unity of the nation was not called into question.      Italy s constitution does not allow regional fiscal autonomy, however, and Agriculture Minister Maurizio Martina said that while Rome was open to talks it would not give up tax proceeds from the rich regions. Lombardy, the region of financial hub Milan, accounts for about 20 percent of Italy s economy, which is the euro zone s third largest. Veneto, which includes the tourist magnet Venice, accounts for 10 percent. So any redistribution of tax revenues could have a negative impact on much poorer regions in the south. Lombardy Governor Roberto Maroni said tax was very much on the table.  We can now write a new page: the regions that ask for more power will get it,  he told journalists.  I am talking for example about the power to discuss about tax proceeds that normally go to Rome ... this is the first step in a path towards big reforms.   Voter turnout was around 38 percent in Lombardy and just above 57 percent in Veneto.      The vote is a success for the Lega, Zaia and Maroni. It is an important victory but a dangerous one too,  said Giovanni Orsina, history professor at Rome s Luiss University. The referendums could deepen north-south divisions that pre-date the modern, unified Italian state and many also backfire on the League, a centre-right party that is trying to broaden its appeal beyond the north ahead of national elections next year, Orsina said. ",1
16740,"Islamic State killed more than 60, dozens missing in Syrian town: governor","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Islamic State killed more than 60 civilians and left 100 others missing in a town in Syria s central Homs province over three weeks before the Syrian army recaptured it on Saturday, the provincial governor said. Syrian troops and allied forces regained control of al-Qaryatayn town  after eliminating terrorist Daesh (Islamic State) groups that had infiltrated it,  state media said on Saturday. A Britain-based war monitor, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said Islamic State had killed at least 128 people in the town.  Homs province governor Talal Barazi told Reuters by phone that  More than 60 were dead, while more than 100 others are missing, either kidnapped or killed . Searches in the area had uncovered 13 bodies on Sunday, of whom four had been identified, he said.  Barazi said all the civilians who were killed were public employees and pensioners with their families. Earlier this month, the Observatory said IS fighters had seized the town from government forces, part of a counter-attack by the jihadists whose territory in eastern Syria has been whittled down. At least 83 people were killed in the 48 hours before the Syrian army retook the town, the war monitor said, adding that IS had accused the civilians of being  agents of the regime .  Syrian state TV showed Barazi and state officials touring al-Qaryatayn on Monday.  Barazi said that more than 4,000 civilians there needed urgent supplies, and promised restore essential services in the coming few days.       The town lies nearly 300 km (190 miles) west of Deir al-Zor city, the current focus of the government offensive, with Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, against Islamic State. ",1
16741,"Iraq PM to visit Turkey on Wednesday, discuss Northern Iraq referendum: Turkish sources","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi will visit Turkey on Wednesday to discuss potential joint steps against northern Iraq s Kurdish Regional Government following last month s independence referendum, Turkish prime ministry sources said. Abadi and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim would also discuss issues of regional security, stability and peace, the sources said on Monday. Last week, Turkey said it would close its air space to Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdish region and work to hand control of the main border crossing into the region to the central Iraqi government. ",1
16742,"North Korea threat is 'critical, imminent,' Japan tells U.S., South Korea","CLARK FREEPORT ZONE, Philippines (Reuters) - The threat from North Korea has grown to a  critical and imminent level  and the United States, Japan and South Korea must address the matter, Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera told his U.S. and South Korean counterparts in talks on Monday. Onodera s remarks underscored the deep concern in Tokyo after North Korean weapons tests, including test firing missiles over Japan, as Pyongyang seeks to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States.  His comments broke from more measured language on Monday by U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-Moo, as the three men met on the sidelines of a gathering of Asian defense chiefs in the Philippines.  (The) threat posed by North Korea has grown to the unprecedented, critical and imminent level. Therefore, we have to take calibrated and different responses to meet with that level of threat,  he said, speaking through a translator, at the start of talks in the Philippines.  South Korea s Song also acknowledged that  North Korea s provocative behavior is becoming worse and worse,  in public remarks before reporters were escorted out of the meeting room.  Mattis renewed sharp criticism of North Korea s tests, saying they  threaten regional and global security.  Mattis, who kicked off a week-long trip to the region on Monday, has been eager to emphasize diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis peacefully as escalating tension between Washington and Pyongyang stoked fears of  armed confrontation.  Asked about his conversation with Onodera after the two met earlier in the day, before joining South Korea s Song, Mattis said they discussed  maintaining stability and peace in support of the diplomats.  Meanwhile, former U.S. President Jimmy Carter said he is willing to travel to North Korea on behalf of the Trump administration to help diffuse the situation, the New York Times reported.   Mattis has been more cautious in his public remarks than U.S. President Donald Trump, who has been locked in a war of words with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, threatening to destroy North Korea if necessary to defend the United States and its allies.  Kim has blasted Trump as  mentally deranged.  Mattis is at the start of a week-long trip to Asia and will attend meetings hosted by defense ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) in the Philippines. ASEAN defense ministers, in a joint statement, expressed  grave concern  over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs and urged the reclusive country to meet its international obligations and resume communications. They underscored the  need to maintain peace and stability in the region  and called  for the exercise of self-restraint and the resumption of dialogue to de-escalate tensions in the Korean peninsula.  Mattis  trip, which will include a stop in Thailand, comes before Trump s first visit to Asia next month, including a stop in China.  Trump has been pressuring China to do more to rein in North Korea s missile and nuclear program. China is North Korea s neighbor and biggest trading partner. Mattis, while in the Philippines, said he will commend the military for defeating insurgents in Marawi City on the islandof Mindanao.  The Philippines said on Monday it has ended five months of military operations in Marawi after a fierce and unfamiliar urban war that marked the country s biggest security crisis in years.     Some experts see the Marawi insurgency as a prelude to a more ambitious bid by Islamic State loyalists to exploit Mindanao s poverty and use its jungles and mountains as a base to train, recruit and launch attacks in the region.      It was a tough fight,  Mattis told reporters on his flight to the Philippines, adding he thought the Philippines  military had sent  a very necessary message to the terrorists.      On Thursday, Mattis will lead the U.S. delegation inThailand for the cremation rites for the late King Bhumibol Adulyadej. ",1
16743,Southeast Asian ministers urge North Korea to rein in weapons programs,"CLARK FREEPORT ZONE, Philippines (Reuters) - Southeast Asian defense ministers on Monday expressed  grave concern  over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs and urged the reclusive country to meet its international obligations and resume communications.  North Korea is working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of striking the U.S. mainland and has ignored all calls, even from its lone major ally, China, to rein in its weapons programs which it conducts in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions. Defense ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), in a joint statement, underscored the  need to maintain peace and stability in the region  and called  for the exercise of self-restraint and the resumption of dialogue to de-escalate tensions in the Korean peninsula . They are due to meet with their counterparts from the United States, China, Japan, South Korea, India, Australia, Russia and New Zealand on Tuesday when North Korea, the disputed South China Sea and terrorism are expected to top the agenda. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has said he will talk with Asian allies about North Korea and the crisis caused by its  reckless  provocations. Mattis s trip to Asia, which will also include stops in Thailand and South Korea, comes just weeks before Donald Trump s first visit to Asia as U.S. president. In the same statement, the ministers reiterated the importance of  safety and freedom of navigation in and over-flight above the South China Sea  and called for  self restraint in the conduct of activities . They also vowed to work together to combat terrorism as they condemned the attack by the Maute militant group in the southern Philippine city of Marawi.  The Philippines on Monday announced the end of five months of military operations in Marawi after a fierce and unfamiliar urban war that marked the country s biggest security crisis in years. ",1
16744,German 'Reich' extremist given life for killing policeman,"NUREMBERG, Germany (Reuters) - A right-wing extremist member of a group that claims allegiance to Adolf Hitler s World War Two-era German Reich was convicted of murder on Monday for shooting and killing a police officer and sentenced to life in prison. The conviction was handed down amid growing concern in Germany at homegrown right-wing movements that contest the country s post-World War Two democratic order and follows the arrival in parliament this month of the first far-right party in decades. The man, known only as Wolfgang P. because of German court rules, fired through a glazed door on policemen who had arrived to search his flat last October for illegal weapons. One of the officers was killed. The district court in the southern city of Nuremberg found that the shooting had been premeditated, a spokesman said, describing the suspect as  malicious .  He knew that a police officer was stationed in front of this door and wanted to kill him,  said spokesman Friedrich Weitner, describing the court s conclusions. Throughout the trial, P. declined to identify himself to the court, in order to signify his rejection of the German state. The murder led Germany s domestic intelligence agency to start monitoring the Reichsbuerger (Reich Citizens) movement for suspected extremist and unconstitutional activities. The movement, which authorities believe may have up to 900 members, regards the modern German state as illegitimate. Its members say they owe allegiance only to the German Reich, or state, despite its abolition in 1945. ",1
16745,Japan's Abe to push pacifist constitution reform after strong election win,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, buoyed by a huge election win for lawmakers who favor revising Japan s post-war, pacifist constitution, signaled a push towards his long-held goal on Monday but will need to convince a divided public to succeed. Parties in favor of amending the U.S.-drafted charter won nearly 80 percent of the seats in Sunday s lower house election, media counts showed. That left the small, new Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDPJ) as the biggest group opposed to Abe s proposed changes. Formed by liberal members of the Democratic Party, which imploded before the election and no longer exists in the lower house, the CDPJ won 55 seats, a final count by public broadcaster NHK shows. That is a fraction of the ruling bloc s two-thirds majority of 313 seats in the 465-member chamber. Abe said he wanted to get other parties on board, including Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike s new conservative Party of Hope, and was not insisting on a target of changing the constitution by 2020 that he floated this year.  We won a two-thirds majority as the ruling bloc, but it is necessary to strive to form a wide-ranging agreement among the ruling bloc and opposition (to revise the constitution),  Abe told a news conference on Monday.  And then we aim to win the understanding of the people, so that we can gain a majority in a referendum,  Abe said. He stopped short of claiming to have won a mandate for amending the constitution in Sunday s election. Amending the charter s pacifist Article 9 would be hugely symbolic for Japan. Supporters see it as the foundation of post-war democracy but many conservatives view it as a humiliating imposition after Japan s defeat in 1945. It would also be a victory for Abe, whose conservative agenda of restoring traditional values, stressing obligations to the state over individual rights and loosening constraints on the military, centers on revising the constitution.  Mr. Abe is trying to create a legacy. His first legacy project was to get the economy out of deflation,  said Jesper Koll, head of equities fund WisdomTree Japan.  The second legacy is to change the constitution,  he said.  You can debate whether he has a mandate but what will make or break him ... is the constitutional issue.  Any revision of the constitution requires support from two-thirds of the members of both chambers of parliament and a majority in a public referendum, with no minimum quorum.  I think that debate in parliament will begin,  said Zentaro Kamei, a senior researcher at think tank PHP Institute and a former lawmaker of Abe s Liberal Democratic Party (LDP).   But the reason given for this snap election was Abe s proposal to change what sales tax hike revenues would be used for. If he starts talking about the constitution, people will say,  You didn t ask me that ,  Kamei said. Abe proposed last May adding a clause to Article 9 to legitimize Japan s Self-Defence Force. Read literally, Article 9 bans a standing military but has been interpreted to allow armed forces exclusively for self defense. Parliament enacted laws in 2015 allowing Japan to exercise collective self-defense, or aid allies under attack, based on a reinterpretation of the constitution rather than a formal revision. Critics, including CDPJ leader Yukio Edano, say those laws violate the constitution. The LDP s junior partner, the Komeito, is cautious about revising Article 9, perhaps even more so after signs that some of its dovish supporters had voted for the CDPJ. It also believes the biggest opposition party should agree with the proposed changes. Opinion polls show the public is divided on Abe s proposal. An NHK survey before the election showed 32 percent in favor, 21 percent opposed, and 39 percent unsure. Media exit polls showed that, despite the LDP s big win, 51 percent of voters do not trust the prime minister, a hangover from suspected cronyism scandals that eroded his support this year and a potential risk in case of a referendum. ",1
16746,Japan's Abe vows to put education spending before budget balance,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s prime minister has vowed to make education and childcare a priority over balancing the budget after winning a new mandate from voters on Sunday, as a rapidly-ageing population threatens to undermine his efforts to reflate the economy. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling coalition scored a landslide victory at the polls, boosted by his campaign promises to invest more heavily on education and childcare, aimed partly at encouraging more women to join the workforce. Abe also made clear he would continue to press cautious Japanese firms to spend their record cash piles on boosting employees  wages to stoke a virtuous growth cycle. With his  Abenomics  recipe centered on hyper-easy monetary policy likely to continue, Abe s solid election win also raised expectations he would reappoint Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda in early April when his five-year term expires. Abe's election victory lifted world stocks and the dollar on Monday, sending Japan's Nikkei share average .N225 to 21-year highs. The index ended up 1.1 percent at 21,696.65, up for a record 15th straight session. Abe swept to power in late 2012, pledging to pull Japan s economy, the world s third largest, out of nearly two decades of deflation and stagnation. The economy is recovering gradually but sluggish wage growth keeps consumer spending and inflation from accelerating, while corporations face labor shortages due to a low birth rate and fast-ageing population. The premier promised to offer free pre-school for all children aged three to five and for children aged two or below from low-income households.  The key to Japan s sustainable growth is how we respond to ageing of the population, which is the biggest challenge for Abenomics,  Abe told a news conference.  We aim to exit deflation by accelerating wage growth through innovation on productivity.  If free pre-school education is applied to all children now, it would cost 1.2 trillion yen ($10.54 billion), government estimates show. SMBC Nikko Securities estimates that free pre-school education would relieve households of a financial burden of around 1 trillion yen. If half the reduced cost is spent on consumption, that would push up real gross domestic product by 0.1 percent, the securities firm said. Furthermore, Abe has vowed to expand education benefits with the aim of offering free higher education for low-income households. Abe said he would go ahead with a planned sales tax hike to 10 percent from 8 percent in 2019 and use some of the revenue to create a  social security system for all generations , by diverting the funds to education instead of paying down public debt. The premier had earlier admitted that would make it  impossible  to meet the pledge to balance the primary budget   excluding debt-servicing and new bond sales   by the year ending March 2021. While Abe s plan to spend more on education and childcare has helped buoy stocks of some related companies such as JP-Holdings Inc that operates nursery schools, the specter of bigger spending raises concerns about looser fiscal discipline. Fiscal reform is a matter of urgency. Japan s public debt tops twice the size of its $5 trillion economy, making it the industrial world s heaviest debt burden.  Nonetheless, Abe, who prioritizes growth, has pushed back the primary budget-balancing target without setting a new goal yet, while vowing to compile by the year-end an extra spending plan worth around 2 trillion for human capital investment.  Simply boosting benefits for all generations means politically putting off the pain to future generations, which can be criticized as pork-barrel spending,  said Yasuhide Yajima, chief economist at NLI Research Institute.  Diverting sales tax revenue could open the door to expanding fiscal spending further. In order to prevent fiscal discipline from slipping, Japan must continue efforts needed to restore public finances.  ",1
16747,Dubai frees Briton sentenced for touching another man: advocacy group,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Dubai s ruler has pardoned a British man a day after he was sentenced to three months in jail for touching another man at a bar, a legal advocacy group said on Monday. Jamie Harron, an electrician working in Afghanistan, was convicted for public indecency after being accused of touching a German man s behind in a bar. Harron, 27, denied the charges and said he brushed past the man by accident as he pushed through the crowded room. The incident at the raucous Rock Bottom bar, popular among Dubai s many wealthy and often tipsy foreign residents and tourists, was reported to police by the accuser.   By special order of the Ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum, Jamie Harron has been freed. The cases against him have been dismissed, and the sentence imposed by the court yesterday has been nullified,  said Detained in Dubai, a group that assists foreigners facing legal problems in the emirate. A Dubai courts spokesman did not immediately respond to Reuters  request for comment. An airlines, business and tourism hub with looser alcohol policies than most Gulf Arab neighbors, Dubai still maintains strict laws against public indecency and homosexuality. Radha Stirling, head of Detained in Dubai, said she hoped cases like Harron s would not happen again.  Of course, a fully functional legal system would not require outside intervention, and a case like Jamie s would never proceed in the first place. But we are enormously grateful to Sheikh Mohammed for stepping in.  ",1
16748,YPG fighters credit Ocalan with Syria victory,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Fighters with the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia have credited Kurdish leader Abdullah Ocalan with their victory over Islamic State in Raqqa, in apparent response to U.S. criticism of their praise of a man jailed in Turkey for treason. In a video praising Ocalan s  ideological power , the YPG fighters rebuffed U.S. criticism of battle celebrations in Raqqa last week where the YPG s all-female affiliate, the YPJ, unfurled a banner with his face on it.  The banner has become a new focal point for Turkey s anger over U.S. support for the YPG, which Ankara sees as an extension of Ocalan s outlawed Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK). Deeply concerned by the rise of Kurdish power in northern Syria, Turkey has opposed the U.S. alliance with the YPG which spearheaded the Raqqa campaign under the banner of the multi-ethnic Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF).  On Saturday, the U.S. embassy in Turkey issued a statement reiterating its misgivings about Ocalan, in an apparent response to criticism from the Turkish government over the banner.  The PKK is listed among foreign terror organizations. Ocalan has been jailed in Turkey for his actions related to the PKK. He is not a person to be respected,  it said. In the video circulated by the YPG press office on Sunday, seven fighters credit Ocalan s ideology for the defeat of Islamic State at Raqqa, which served as the jihadists  Syrian base of operations and a hub for planning attacks in the West.  All victories, developments and gains made here are results of a great battle based on his opinions and philosophy. If his ideological power hadn t been with us, we wouldn t know what to do in such a situation,  said one of the fighters.  Raqqa would never have been rescued from the darkness of recent years, and all other IS occupied cities as well.  Ocalan s influence runs deep in Kurdish-led regions that have emerged in northern Syria since its civil war began in 2011. Steps are under way to establish a new political system based on his ideas about federalism and local democracy.       Another of the fighters, who identified himself as a Canadian and gave his name as Hozan Kobane, said the U.S. government position on Ocalan was  a mistake  and  a bit behind the times .  The writings and the philosophy and the influence of Abdullah Ocalan was very, very decisive in motivating the soldiers with an ideology of peace and democracy that allowed this liberation to be possible,  he said. The U.S.-led coalition has said the Ocalan banner was not sanctioned by the SDF leadership.  Furthermore, the Coalition does not approve of the display of divisive symbols and imagery at a time in which we remain focused on the defeat of Daesh (IS) in Syria,  Colonel Ryan Dillon, the coalition spokesman, said. Ocalan has been in jail in Turkey since 1999 on a treason conviction. More than 40,000 people, most of them Kurds, have died in the fighting since the PKK took up arms against the state in 1984. The PKK is considered a terrorist organization by the United States, Turkey and the European Union. ",1
16749,Military option must remain on the table with North Korea: Johnson,"LONDON (Reuters) - A military option must remain on the table in dealing with North Korea s nuclear program, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday, adding that nobody wants tensions in the Korean peninsula to be resolved in such a way.      I don t think anybody could conceivably want a military solution to this problem,  Johnson said at a speech in London.  And yet clearly... the possibility of some kind of military option... that possibility must at least theoretically be maintained on the table.  ",1
16750,Toxic fumes keep EU summit venue shut for another week,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The building that houses EU summits, where toxic fumes forced EU leaders to switch venues last week, will be closed for a further week as investigators seek to resolve the problem. The fumes leaking from the drains have forced the Europa Building, also known as  The Egg , to be evacuated twice this month, including before a summit of EU leaders on Thursday and Friday. The new building was opened in January amid controversy over its 321-million-euro ($378 million) price tag. Staff and meetings will be temporarily transferred to the next door Justus Lipsius building until the issue is resolved. About 20 catering staff had to go to hospital on Oct. 13 and an unspecified number on Wednesday. An EU official said the Council and Belgian health and safety agencies believe the two incidents were due to the same source. ",1
16751,"End 'containment' of asylum-seekers on islands, aid groups tell Greek PM","ATHENS (Reuters) - Over a dozen human rights groups and aid organizations wrote to Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras on Monday urging him to end the  containment  of asylum seekers in island camps. More than 13,000 people, mostly Syrians and Iraqis fleeing years of war, are living in five camps on Greek islands close to Turkey, government figures show. Four of those camps are holding two to three times as many people as they were designed for. Those who arrive on Greek islands following a European deal with Turkey last year to stem the flow are forbidden from traveling to mainland until their asylum applications are processed, and those who do not qualify are deported.  Applications have piled up and rulings can take weeks. A recent sharp rise in arrivals has piled additional misery on overcrowded facilities.  The 19 signatories, which include Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, the International Rescue Committee and Oxfam, said the islands of Lesbos, Samos, Kos, Chios and Leros had been  transformed into places of indefinite confinement.   We urge you to put an end to the ongoing  containment policy  of trapping asylum seekers on the islands ... and to immediately transfer asylum seekers to the mainland and meet their protection needs,  they wrote.   They described conditions as  abysmal  and said many asylum-seekers lacked access to adequate and timely procedures and protection. Some have been on the islands for 19 months.  Reception conditions are deteriorating, and gaps in basic services, especially medical, are increasing,  they wrote. Thousands of people, including young children, are crammed into tents with only a cloth separating one family from another, the groups said, and conditions were particularly harsh for pregnant women. Nearly 23,000 people have arrived in Greece this year, a fraction compared to the nearly 1 million who arrived in 2015, but state-run camps are struggling to cope with the numbers.   As an emergency measure, the government has said it plans to move about 2,000 people from Samos and Lesbos to the mainland. In recent weeks, Doctors Without Borders (MSF) its research showed a mental health emergency was unfolding in migrant camps on the islands, fueled by poor living conditions, neglect and violence. The United Nations refugee agency called on Greece to speed up preparations at those camps, saying they were ill-prepared for winter. ",1
16752,Residents of Philippines' Marawi begin long trudge back to normalcy as battle ends,"MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - Marawi resident Baimona Amintao hopes her turn comes quickly once authorities begin raffling off the first batch of temporary shelters for those who lost their homes to the five-month battle to retake the southern Philippine city from Islamist militants.  Amintao and her five children were among the thousands of families displaced since fighting erupted in Marawi on May 23, when security forces tried to arrest Isnilon Hapilon,  Islamic State s  emir  in Southeast Asia.  The Philippines on Monday announced the end of military operations in Marawi after a fierce and unfamiliar urban war in the country s biggest security crisis in years, paving the way for rebuilding and rehabilitation efforts to begin. More than 1,000 transitional houses, with basic bathroom and cooking facilities, could be completed within two months on the outskirts of Marawi, the Philippine housing agency has said. Residents whose homes were devastated will get first priority in allotment raffles that could be held either before or after construction.   I hope I can be included in the raffle and be able to stay there for my children s well-being,  Amintao, 26, who formerly owned a small grocery store, told Reuters.  Many people here prioritize their children since many of the kids cannot stand living inside the tents and are getting sick.  The government estimates the rebuilding of Marawi could cost at least 50 billion pesos ($971 million). Authorities said 920 militants, 165 troops and police and at least 45 civilians were killed in the conflict, which displaced more than 300,000 people. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has placed the southern island of Mindanao, where Marawi is located, under martial rule to help security forces in crushing the rebel movement.     The rebel occupation stunned a military inexperienced in urban combat and stoked wider concerns that Islamic State loyalists have gained influence among local Muslims and have ambitions to use the island as a base for Southeast Asia operations. Those fears are compounded by the organization of the militant alliance and its ability to recruit young fighters, lure foreign radicals, stockpile huge amounts of arms and endure 154 days of ground offensive and air strikes. The social welfare department said more than 5,000 families still live in covered gymnasiums and tent cities.  I could not fathom what happened to our village and I hope this does not happen again,  said Alniah Magoyag, a village official.  No more terrorists in Marawi City.  ",1
16753,Russia says Iraqi Kurds must act in concert with Baghdad,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia respects the desire of Iraqi Kurdistan to assert its identity but this must be done in dialogue with the Iraqi government, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Monday at talks with his Iraqi government counterpart. Relations between Iraqi Kurdistan and the central government in Baghdad have been in crisis since the region held an independence referendum last month. The Iraqi military took back the oil-rich Kirkuk area from Kurdish forces last week.  We understand the hopes of the Kurdish people as it concerns their striving to strengthen their identity, their self-awareness,  Lavrov said at a news conference with Iraqi Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari.  However, we believe it is correct to realize those desires, those hopes exclusively via the Iraqi government and taking fully into account the significance the Kurdish question has on a regional scale, and taking into account the need to avoid additional sources of instability in the region.  Lavrov was meeting Jaafari days after Russian state oil major Rosneft agreed to take control of Iraqi Kurdistan s main oil pipeline. Iraqi oil minister Jabar al-Luaibi said on Saturday he had sought clarification from Rosneft. Lavrov said Russia would continue its economic ties with Iraqi Kurdistan, as it does with other constituent parts of Iraq. He said Russia was not closing its consulate in Erbil, the main city in Iraqi Kurdistan, but said the mission was subordinate to the Russian embassy in Baghdad. (This version of the story corrects paragraph four to show Lavrov said  instability , not  stability ) ",1
16754,"Exclusive: EU dismisses smoke regulation, looks into tougher fire safety tests","BRUSSELS/LONDON (Reuters) - There is no need for Europe-wide rules on toxic smoke from building materials, according to a report expected to be signed off by the EU executive over the coming weeks, disappointing campaigners who say regulation is urgently needed following London s deadly Grenfell Tower fire. The European Commission is, however, considering EU-wide fire safety testing for building facades and will conclude a study early next year, according to EU sources, who asked not to be named. Debate on fire safety has intensified since the Grenfell Tower apartment block fire that killed about 80 people in June. An investigation into the fire is underway and it remains unclear what role, if any, smoke played in the tragedy. More generally, firefighters say one of their biggest concerns is smoke because of research linking it to cancer. They also say synthetic materials produce more deadly smoke than natural products.  The responses received do not agree that regulation of toxicity of smoke from construction products is required,  extracts from the final report seen by Reuters showed. It found there was not sufficient evidence that member states want EU-wide smoke regulation and cited concerns it could add to building costs.      There is general agreement that regulation of toxicity of smoke of construction products could increase product costs and potentially remove some products from the market,  is another conclusion. It does not name them. Two sources, who asked not to be named, said the Commission expected to review, finalize and publish the report after the end of this month, but a publication date had yet to be confirmed.  The Commission had asked for the report to help resolve an argument between fire safety campaigners and the plastics industry. Trade body Plastics Europe, which represents companies such as ExxonMobil, Total and BASF, says there is no evidence that rules on smoke would save lives and there are multiple factors to consider when assessing a building s safety.  Toxicity criterion for construction products will not per se guarantee more safety in the eventuality of a fire,  Plastics Europe said in a position paper. The European Commission declined to comment. Firefighters and other safety campaigners say labeling products according to their toxicity when burned would address a lack of clear fire safety regulations for builders.  Had the construction products regulation incorporated fire toxicity into the product labeling, it would have been very clear to the architects and designers that they were putting the occupants of Grenfell in danger,  said Richard Hull, a professor of fire science at the University of Central Lancashire in England. For now, the EU only sets standards to ensure construction materials can be shipped across borders within the bloc, although EU sources said the Commission decided long before the Grenfell fire to draw up the planned rules to harmonise fire-safety tests for building facades. In addition, the Grenfell Tower fire led the Commission to set up a Fire Information Exchange Platform to share safety information among member states. It met in Brussels for the first time on Oct. 16. Sian Hughes, chair of Fire Safe Europe, said harmonized testing for facades would be a step forward but for high-rise buildings it was impossible for any test to accurately predict a real-life fire.  We must design the risk out of these buildings and that means only permitting non-combustible materials in these buildings from the start,  she said. Fire Safe Europe brings together fire fighters, representatives of the concrete and cable industries, and equipment and insulation companies including Danish-listed Rockwool and Germany s Knauf Insulation.  It says around 40 percent of deaths in fires are caused directly by smoke, while a further 20 percent are caused by a combination of severe burns and smoke. ",1
16755,"Go home, Tillerson tells Iranian-backed militias in Iraq","RIYADH/DOHA (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday it was time for Iranian-backed militias and their Iranian advisers who helped Iraq defeat Islamic State to  go home , after a rare joint meeting with the leaders of Iraq and Saudi Arabia. The United States is concerned that Iran, a Shi ite regional power, will take advantage of gains against IS in Iraq and Syria to expand the influence it gained after the U.S. invasion in 2003, something Sunni Arab rivals such as Riyadh also oppose.  Iranian militias that are in Iraq, now that the fight against Daesh and ISIS is coming to a close, those militias need to go home. The foreign fighters in Iraq need to go home and allow the Iraqi people to regain control,  Tillerson said at a joint news conference with Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir. Tens of thousands of Iraqis heeded a call to arms in 2014 after IS seized a third of the country s territory, forming the Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF), which receive funding and training from Tehran and have been declared part of the Iraqi security apparatus. A senior U.S. official said Tillerson had been referring to the PMF and the Quds Force, the foreign paramilitary and espionage arm of the powerful Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC). Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif berated Tillerson s remarks as influenced by Iran s oil-rich regional rival Saudi Arabia.  Exactly what country is it that Iraqis who rose up to defend their homes against ISIS return to?,  Zarif said in a tweet.  Shameful US FP (foreign policy), dictated by petrodollars.  Iraq s military, armed by the United States but supported by the PMF, ejected the ultra-hardline Sunni Muslim militant group from Mosul and other cities in northern Iraq this year. Several thousand U.S. troops are still in the country, mostly for training but also to carry out raids against IS. The campaign to uproot the militants left whole cities in ruins and has hit Iraq s economy. A new joint ministerial-level body between Iraq and Saudi Arabia convened its inaugural meeting earlier on Sunday to coordinate their fight against IS and on rebuilding Iraqi territory wrested from the group. Jubeir emphasized historic ties between the two neighbors, which share a border, vast oil resources and many of the same tribes.  The natural tendency of the two countries and people is to be very close to each other as they have been for centuries. It was interrupted for a number of decades. We re trying now to make up for lost ground,  he said. The rare senior meeting, signaling a thaw between states that have been at loggerheads for decades, was also attended by Saudi King Salman and Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi. Tillerson said the council would contribute to reforms to build Iraq s private sector and encourage foreign investment.  This will be critical to winning the peace that has been earned through the hard-fought military gains,  he said. State media said the council had expressed satisfaction with global oil markets  recovery as a result of a deal with other countries to boost prices by limiting production. The council also agreed to reopen a Saudi Basic Industries Corp office in Iraq and grant Saudi agriculture company SALIC an investment license. A second meeting will be held in Baghdad but no date was mentioned. Saudi Commerce and Investment Minister Majid al-Qusaibi told Reuters his country seeks to boost exports and is eyeing investment opportunities in Iraq s agricultural and petrochemical sectors, among others. He said backing from the highest levels of both governments would produce  quick results on the ground .  Let s not cry over spilt milk. Whatever happened in the past has happened. The good news is we are all here toward building a prosperous and beneficial future for both countries,  he said in a telephone interview. Tillerson and Jubeir also discussed Washington s hawkish new policy towards Iran, including a possible withdrawal from the 2015 nuclear deal and new sanctions on the IRGC.  Both our countries believe those who conduct business with the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, any of their entities, European companies or other companies around the world really do so at great risk,  Tillerson said. Relations between Riyadh and Baghdad were cut for 25 years, before recent rapprochement, after former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait in 1990. Saudi Arabia, along with the United Arab Emirates, is wooing Baghdad now in an effort to halt the growing regional influence of Iran. Arriving in Doha later on Sunday for the next leg of a multi-country trip, Tillerson told a news conference that there was little chance of a swift breakthrough to resolve a blockade imposed on Qatar by Saudi Arabia and its Arab allies. The kingdom, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain imposed trade and travel curbs on Doha in June for alleged support of terrorism and friendship with Iran - charges Qatar denies.  There is not a strong indication that the parties are ready to talk yet,  Tillerson said. The secretary of state s six-day trip will also take him to Pakistan, India and Switzerland. ",1
16756,Iraq dismisses U.S. call for Iranian-backed militias to 'go home',"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The Iraqi government has dismissed a call from U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for Iranian-backed paramilitary units that helped Baghdad defeat Islamic State to end operations in Iraq. Speaking after a meeting on Sunday with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and Saudi Arabia s King Salman, Tillerson said it was time for the Iraqi Popular Mobilisation forces and their Iranian advisers to  go home . Washington, which backed Baghdad against Islamic State, is concerned Iran will use its expanded presence in Iraq and in Syria to expand its influence in the region.   But Abadi showed unwillingness to meet Tillerson s demand.  No party has the right to interfere in Iraqi matters,  the statement from his office read. It did not cite the prime minister himself but a  source  close to him. Trained and armed by Iran, the Iraqi Popular Mobilisation forces often supported Iraqi government units in the fight against the militants who were effectively defeated in July when a U.S.-backed offensive captured their stronghold Mosul. They are paid by the Iraqi government and officially report to the prime minister, but some Arab Sunni and Kurdish politicians describe these militias as a de facto branch of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corp. Iraq s Sunni neighbors, including Saudi Arabia, share Washington s concerns over Shi ite power Iran s influence in Iraq, where the population is also predominantly Shi ite. But the office of Abadi, himself a Shi ite, said the forces were under the authority of the Iraqi government.  Popular Mobilisation are Iraqi patriots,  it said in the statement. The United States trained tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers in the course of rebuilding the Iraqi armed forces and has over 5,000 troops deployed in the country, providing key air and ground support to the offensive on Islamic State.  ",1
16757,EU Commission says it has not changed its position on Catalonia,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission said on Monday it had not changed its position on Catalonia after Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy  announced he would invoke special constitutional powers to fire the regional government and force a new election.  The position is well known. We ve always said we respect the constitutional and legal arrangement of Spain,  a Commission spokesman said. He added that the measures taken were  precisely to be seen within that constitutional context . ",1
16758,Trump's tougher stance could backfire by boosting Iran's Guards,"ANKARA/LONDON (Reuters) - Iran s elite Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, a military force with political clout and an industrial empire, stands to benefit from heightened tension between Washington and Tehran, officials and analysts said. President Donald Trump broke ranks with other major powers earlier this month by disavowing Iran s compliance with a 2015 multinational nuclear deal, complicating life for foreign investors nervous of possible new U.S. sanctions. The IRGC, which reports directly to Iran s Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, began rapidly expanding its commercial interests a decade ago, before U.S. and EU sanctions were imposed on Iran s oil and finance sectors in 2012 over the country s nuclear program. It controls businesses ranging from ports management to telecommunications and has made the most of both cooling and warming ties with the West. When Western oil companies vacated energy projects in Iran after 2012, the Guards took them on; after the penalties were lifted in 2016, the IRGC, through front companies, served as a conduit for foreign business flowing into Iran. If investors are put off again, the IRGC is ready to step in, said an official from Khamenei s camp.  We want foreign investors to stay, but if they leave because of (U.S.) pressure, the Guards can easily replace them. There is no better alternative,  the official said, declining to be named because he was not authorized to speak to media. Under sanctions, Iran s clerical rulers rewarded the Guards by showering them with contracts for skirting the restrictions as well as for suppressing dissent at home and helping Tehran s regional allies from Iraq to Lebanon. The IRGC s lack of technical expertise and concern over the viability of its economic ventures under sanctions meant it later welcomed pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani s deal that eased sanctions in return for curbs on the nuclear program. Khamenei, a hardliner who holds ultimate authority on matters of state in Iran, guardedly endorsed the nuclear accord but has said Rouhani s economic follow-through has fallen short. To bypass existing unilateral U.S. sanctions, which bar any business with the Guards and its affiliated firms, many of the IRGC s front companies are not even formally owned by the Guards, but by individuals and firms linked to it.  Rouhani has tried to encourage reluctant major European firms and banks to return to Iran by seeking to curb the Guards  involvement in the economy, which led to the IRGC transferring ownership of some companies to the state. In recent months, the IRGC, which sees itself as a bulwark against Western influence, has responded by criticizing Rouhani for viewing foreign countries as the key to economic growth.  The IRGC will be the main beneficiary of the tension with Washington ... In order to protect its economic dominance, the  IRGC prefers only limited opening to the West,  said a Western diplomat who follows Iran closely. While backing the nuclear deal, Europeans share Washington s concern over Iran s ballistic missile program and  destabilizing  regional behavior. The IRGC has vowed to accelerate the disputed missile program and Iran s Shi ite militia proxies have made big military gains in recent months in Syria and Iraq, part of a decades-old tussle for influence in the Middle East with Sunni powers. Tehran emphasizes its role in battling Islamic State. Many foreign firms remain hesitant to invest in Iran for reasons including lingering unilateral U.S. sanctions imposed over human rights violations and alleged Iranian links to terrorism, and the dominant role of the IRGC in the Middle East s second largest economy. Among European firms that have announced big deals in Iran since last year are planemaker Airbus AIR.PA, French energy group Total TOTF.PA, and Germany s Siemens SIEGn.DE. Planemaker Boeing is the only U.S. company that has been granted direct access to the Iranian market with a deal to sell 110 plans to two Iranian carriers.  But Trump s hawkish new approach towards Tehran, coupled with banking worries and domestic political turbulence in both countries, are causing growing uncertainty over Iran s plane deals. Iranian officials have acknowledged publicly that major international companies are still wary of providing finance for Iran-related business, fearing potential fines resulting from existing U.S. sanctions, which include a ban on dollar related trade with the country. Iran needs the equivalent of billions of dollars in investment to revitalize industries including oil and gas and develop sectors held back by a lack of Western financing and the wide economic influence of the IRGC. These factors have all added to the difficulties faced by foreign investors looking to tap Iran s market.      The commercial issue is the turbulence that Trump creates,  Andreas Schweitzer, managing director with London-based M&A and investment advisory firm Arjan Capital Ltd, which has been investing in Iran since 2009. He said transactions were nevertheless still taking place, including in the automotive, energy and industrial sectors, in the one hundred million to two hundred million euros sphere. Merger and acquisition deals were among them, he said.  We keep the same mindset as of 2009   we assume the worst case, including that the Revolutionary Guards could be sanctioned, although we don t deal with them and if sanctioned parties are involved somewhere we won t touch the transaction or the company. We are and remain very cautious and so far we never have had a problem.  Following Trump s speech, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said he planned to impose new sanctions on the Guards and would work with international counterparts on the issue. Charles Blackmore, chief executive of London-based due diligence specialists Audere International, which is active in Iran, said the policy shift by Washington would have  an adverse effect upon the more risk adverse investor .  For those who are already invested and know the country well, this will not make a blind bit of difference,  he said.      There are enough issues at the moment making people aware of how much of the economy is controlled by shadow shareholdings and opaque structures of the IRGC.      The survival of the nuclear deal is up to the U.S. Congress, which has 60 days to decide whether to reimpose broad sanctions on Iran. The U.S. administration has said Washington will not stand in the way of European trade and business transactions with Iran. Matthew Oresman, counsel with law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman, who advises companies on Iran compliance issues, said Washington had considerable power and leverage to disrupt trade with Iran if that served its national security interests.  But the European governments have ways to dampen this and protect their businesses if they so desire,  he said. (This story has been refiled to correct typo in acronym IRGC) ",1
16759,Tanzania president names tax expert as central bank governor,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Tanzania s new central bank governor will be tax law professor Florens Luoga, the country s president said on Monday. President John Magufuli said Luoga would take over in December or January after the tenure of current governor Benno Ndulu expires.  I have decided to appoint a new (central bank) governor from among members of the committees that investigated the mining sector,  Magufuli said. He was speaking at a ceremony to award certificates of recognition to members of two presidential committees that investigated allegations of tax evasion in exports of gold and copper concentrate in the east African country. Luoga currently serves as the deputy vice chancellor of the University of Dar es Salaam (UDSM), the country s largest public university.  In July he was also appointed by Magufuli as chairman of the board of directors of the Tanzania Revenue Authority (TRA).  Magufuli said he was aware many people expected him to appoint an economist as next governor. But  Luoga is a professor of taxation law and he will help us strengthen checks on capital flight by some foreign companies that use tax havens.  President Magufuli s government accuses mining firms of cheating Tanzania out of its fair share of mineral wealth through tax dodging and smuggling, allegations they deny. Magufuli ordered the country s central bank to crackdown on capital flight by foreign investors companies. The country s new Minister of Minerals, Angellah Kairuki, speaking at the same function, said the government was determined to  plug all loopholes in the mining sector, including the smuggling of minerals.  ",1
16760,Putin-Trump meeting not yet planned for Asia summit: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin s diary does not at the moment feature a bilateral meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump at an APEC summit in Vietnam next month, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Monday. However, Putin s timetable of bilateral meetings at the summit is still being finalised, Peskov told a regular conference call with reporters.  ",1
16761,"In Liberian slum, residents demand change from next president","MONROVIA (Reuters) - Crammed into tumble-down shacks on a sandspit that the Atlantic Ocean is steadily devouring, the residents of Liberia s most notorious slum have one common desire: an end to their daily struggle with dire poverty. Next month, when the 75,000 inhabitants of the capital Monrovia s West Point neighborhood decide who should be the next leader of Africa s oldest republic, an ex-soccer star or the current vice president, they will not be nostalgic.  The last president didn t give any help to the common people - no improvement, no development,  said Ishmael Campbell, a 26-year-old fisherman born and raised in the shantytown.  We need a president who will be there for us.   While the world has feted President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, a Nobel Peace Prize winner, for keeping the peace after a prolonged civil war, those living in West Point take a dimmer view of her 12-year tenure. Like most in West Point, Campbell lives in a shack along one of the labyrinthine back alleys where houses are packed so close that residents must squeeze through shoulder-wide paths choked by rotting fish and sewage. On Johnson Sirleaf s watch, an Ebola epidemic saw them placed under quarantine, hemmed in by barbed wire and soldiers who opened fire on protesters challenging the order. Then a global commodities crash dashed the country s hopes of mining riches. The economy quadrupled in size, thanks in large part to the fact that peace prevailed, but Johnson Sirleaf was criticized for failing to curb corruption. The two candidates through to the Nov. 7 runoff election, George Weah, a former FIFA world player of the year, and Vice President Joseph Boakai, must persuade struggling voters across the West African nation that they can make a difference. Though representing the ruling party, Boakai has presented himself as the candidate for change, playing up his humble beginnings in a bid to distance himself from the tinted-windows government elite despised by the poor. Neither he nor Johnson Sirleaf are seen as corrupt, but Boakai has been nicknamed  sleepy Joe  for falling asleep at public functions and few are buying his message in West Point.  He doesn t care about us, he just cares about himself, Campbell said. West Point, where jobs are few and many residents spend the hot afternoons playing checkers or fixing fishing lines in the shade, is a Weah stronghold.  The youth are on the streets, but they want to work,  said Eugene Nyuti, 35.  George Weah is going to empower the youth.  Weah is a senator and has been goodwill ambassador for UNICEF; many Liberians call him  the ambassador . His policies are vague, although he says he wants to improve the country s roads, and critics say he lacks political experience, but he won a clear lead in the first round of the election, with 38 percent of the vote to Boakai s 28 percent. West Point s problems are echoed to varying degrees across Liberia, which has relied heavily on international donor support since the end of the war in 2003.  The state-run Liberia Electricity Corporation struggles to generate enough revenue to erect more power lines. Thousands across Monrovia illegally connect to the grid with crude wires.  Still, West Point stands out. Asked about their most desperate need, residents point to the rubbish-strewn ocean that laps at their homes. Old sand bags and tires have not stopped the problem. Houses regularly slide into the sea. Towards evening as Joseph Myame, 25, watched fishermen roll their wooden canoes onto the beach, he too is praying for a Weah victory.   Maybe he can make a bit of a difference. But whoever wins, the problems are too big.  ",1
16762,"Typhoon leaves flooding, four dead in Japan before moving out to sea","TOKYO (Reuters) - A rapidly weakening typhoon Lan made landfall in Japan on Monday, setting off landslides and flooding that prompted evacuation orders for tens of thousands of people, but then headed out to sea after largely sparing the capital, Tokyo. Four people were reported killed, hundreds of plane flights  canceled, and train services disrupted in the wake of Lan, which had maintained intense strength until virtually the time it made landfall west of Tokyo in the early hours of Monday.  At least four people were killed, including a man who was hit by falling scaffolding, a fisherman tending to his boat, and  a young woman whose car had been washed away by floodwaters. Another casualty was left comatose by injuries and a man was missing, NHK public television said. Around 130 others suffered minor injuries. Rivers burst their banks in several parts of Japan and fishing boats were tossed up on land. A container ship was stranded after being swept onto a harbor wall but all 19 crew members escaped injury. Some 80,000 people in Koriyama, a city 200 km (124 miles) north of Tokyo, were ordered to evacuate as a river neared the top of its banks, NHK said, but by afternoon water levels were starting to fall. Several hundred houses in western Japan were flooded.  My grandchild lives over there. The house is fine, but the area is flooded, and they can t get out,  one man told NHK. Lan had weakened to a category 2 storm when it made landfall early on Monday, sideswiping Tokyo, after powering north for days as an intense category 4 storm, according to the Tropical Storm Risk monitoring site. Lan is the Marshall islands word for  storm . By Monday afternoon the storm had been downgraded to a tropical depression and it was in the Pacific, east of the northernmost main island of Hokkaido, the Japan Meteorological Agency said.  Around 350 flights were canceled and train services disrupted over a wide area of Japan, although most commuter trains were running smoothly in Tokyo.  Toyota Motor Corp canceled the first shift at all of its assembly plants but said it would operate the second shift as normal. ",1
16763,Catalan leader to lose all powers once Senate approves direct rule,"MADRID (Reuters) - Regional leader of Catalonia Carles Puigdemont will lose all powers and will stop receiving a salary once the Senate approves article 155 which imposes direct central government rule on the region, the Deputy Prime Minister said on Monday.  A single representative may be temporarily instated by Madrid to govern the region after the Senate approves direct rule, Soraya Saenz de Santamaria said in a radio interview. The Senate is expected to approve the measures on Friday.   ",1
16764,Catalan parliament to meet on Thursday to decide response to Madrid,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s parliament will hold a plenary session on Thursday morning, spokesman for the regional Junts pel Si party said on Monday, in which it will lay out its response to Madrid after the central government said it would impose direct rule. The spokesman said the party plans to launch a legal appeal against the application of article 155, which rests power from the regional government and lays the groundwork for new elections. The Spanish senate is expected to pass article 155 on Friday. ",1
16765,Russia's Lavrov says Russia committed to Iraq territorial integrity: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a meeting with his Iraqi counterpart that Moscow is committed to Iraq s territorial integrity, RIA news agency reported on Monday. Russia has economic ties with the Iraqi Kurds, who voted for independence from Iraq in late September. ",1
16766,"Six police wounded, one killed in shootings near Indonesia's Freeport mine","JAKARTA (Reuters) - Six police were wounded and one killed in shootings that police alleged on Monday were carried out by a separatist group that aims to disrupt operations at the Grasberg copper and gold mine in Indonesia s eastern-most province of Papua.  Four of the shootings took place on Monday, while police were already investigating incidents that occurred over the weekend, including the fatal shooting of an officer in Timika on Sunday afternoon.  The armed group police say is behind the shootings has up to 30  separatist  members led by a man named Sabinus Waker.  The group has carried out earlier shootings in the mine area as well, Papua Police spokesman Suryadi Diaz told Reuters.       It s clear they want to disrupt operations at Freeport,  Diaz said.  Diaz said the group is  demanding justice  from the local unit of Freeport-McMoRan Inc, which operates the Grasberg mine, although it was not clear what that might entail.   Freeport is rich (and) has a big company. The population are poor,  Diaz said. It was not immediately possible to contact Waker, and it is not known if the group that police say is led by him has a spokesman or other representative.  A spokesman for Freeport s Indonesian unit said the recent shootings have had no impact on output from Grasberg, the world s second-biggest copper mine, but he declined to comment further.  Pro-independence rebels in Papua have waged a low-level conflict for decades, raising major concerns over security at Grasberg. Between 2009 and 2015, shootings within the mine project area killed 20 people and wounded 59.  To protect workers and infrastructure, Freeport contributed $21 million toward government-provided security in 2015.  Freeport has been grappling with labor problems at Grasberg and a lengthy dispute with Indonesia over rights to the giant mine that has cost both sides hundreds of millions of dollars.  ",1
16767,EU will lose credibility if it tolerates direct rule of Catalonia by Madrid: regional official,"LONDON (Reuters) - The European Union will lose credibility if it lets Madrid impose direct rule on Catalonia, and only the Catalan people have the right to change the regional institutions, Catalonia s foreign affairs spokesman said on Monday.  How can the European Union live with that situation if it appears?  Raul Romeva told BBC radio, when asked how the Catalan regional government would prevent the Spanish government from re-imposing direct rule.   How can they be credible if they allow this to happen? Because what I can tell you is that the people and the institutions in Catalonia would not let this ... happen.  ",1
16768,Cambodian PM says main opposition party will be dissolved,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said on Monday it was  a fact  that the main opposition party would be dissolved as he spoke on the anniversary of the peace agreement that established multiparty democracy. More than 50 rights groups called on the countries that signed the Paris Peace Agreements in 1991 to reconvene urgently because of the threat to democracy in the Southeast Asian country. Hun Sen s government has asked the supreme court to dissolve the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) after its leader, Kem Sokha, was arrested on Sept. 3 and charged with treason. The court has yet to rule on whether the CNRP will be dissolved.  Because they didn t respect the Paris Peace Agreement, the political party will be dissolved in the future, this is a fact,  Hun Sen said at a ceremony marking the construction of a new bridge in Phnom Penh. Dissolving the party would eliminate the challenge to him prolonging more than 32 years in power in next year s election, but Western donors have criticized the move and called for the release of Kem Sokha. Hun Sen accused the United Nations of failing to bring peace despite organizing the first election in 1993 and said guerrilla fighting had only ended because of his own negotiations with leaders of the genocidal Khmer Rouge. Hun Sen s critics accuse him of trying to turn the country into a one-party state for the ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP). On Sunday, he said any elected officials who defect from the CNRP to his party would be allowed to keep their positions once the opposition party is dissolved. In a joint open letter on Monday, more than 50 rights groups called for the Paris Conference on Cambodia to be reconvened.  There is an urgent need for decisive action from the international community, to ensure that the democratic vision for Cambodia outlined in the Paris Peace Agreements is not completely forsaken,  said the letter. Hun Sen said calls for the original signatories to be reconvened were  out of date and impossible . He noted that one of the signatories, the Soviet Union, no longer exists. In the face of the Western criticism since the arrest of Kem Sokha, China has given verbal support to Hun Sen s government. China is by far the biggest donor to Cambodia and its biggest investor. China s influential Global Times tabloid said in an editorial on Sunday that Cambodia s  growth trend should not be interrupted by the country s rising political tension .  As an important economic partner of Cambodia, China will pay close attention to the situation in the Southeast Asian country and willingly provide the necessary help,  it said. ",1
16769,'Nowhere to hide': North Korean missiles spur anxiety in Japan fishing town,"ERIMO, Japan (Reuters) - Ever since North Korea lobbed two missiles far above this windswept fishing town on Japan s northern island of Hokkaido, seaweed farmer Mitsuyo Kawamura says she s been on edge.  Now when I hear a loud sound, I look outside, I look out at the ocean,  68-year-old Kawamura said from her seaside cottage in Erimo, where she lays out long dark strands of kombu seaweed on stones to dry in the sun.  I feel anxious, like I never know when it will come again.  As Japan prepares to vote in Sunday s national election,   Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has called North Korea s escalating threats   it also conducted a sixth nuclear test last month   a  national crisis  that only he can lead Japan through. Yet the missiles that flew over Erimo on Aug. 29 and Sept. 15 created an eerie threat: No one saw or heard them. They streaked by several hundred kilometers above land, too high to see with the naked eye, before splashing into the Pacific more than 1,000 kilometers (600 miles) to the east.  Warnings of the missiles spread through sirens and government-issued  J-alerts  on millions of cell phones throughout Japan, jolting some out of sleep. Kawamura has since stocked up on extra food and keeps the radio on to listen for more warnings. Like many residents here   and across Japan   she feels helpless, unsure of how to protect herself.  When it s launched, it could land here just moments later,  she said.  There s nowhere to hide.  Abe s rhetoric has grown harsher as North Korea has threatened to  sink  Japan and seems intent on developing nuclear warheads that can reach the U.S. mainland. He has repeatedly backed U.S. President Donald Trump s  all-options-on-the-table  stance and says now is not the time for dialogue.  They promised in 1994 and again in 2005 that they would abandon their nuclear program. But they have broken their word and developed nuclear devices and missiles,  Abe said at a campaign rally last week.  We re not going to be deceived anymore.  To protect itself, Japan has deployed 34 Patriot PAC-3 anti-missile batteries around the country, including one in Hokkaido, and Aegis defense systems on several destroyers. U.S. forces in Japan also have ballistic missile defense equipment that can   if all goes well   take out a missile in mid-flight. The rockets thrust tiny Erimo, population 4,850, into the global spotlight. Maps on TV broadcasts showed the missiles  flight paths over nearby Cape Erimo, a jagged point that juts into the Pacific where seals frolic. At the town s docks, where fishermen sorted through the morning s haul of salmon, tossing them into vats of ice water, strong support for Abe was mixed with worries that he s too strident, putting Japan at risk.  Right now, no one s better than Abe,  said Satoru Narita, a 72-year-old fisherman. If anything, Japan has been too passive, said 23-year-old Ryosuke Kinoshita, who supports Abe s ruling Liberal Democratic Party.  Next time they launch one, I d almost like to see us fire one back,  he said.  We can t live in peace and safety.  But Haruki Suminoya, head of Erimo s fishing union, cautioned that being overly aggressive could provoke North Korea  into lashing out.  Abe s approach is too strong, too hardline,  he said.  A more restrained approach is better.  The recent war of words between Trump and North Korea unsettled many residents, who pointed out they were a much closer target than the United States. While pressure was needed toward North Korea, being too tough could be disastrous, said Mayor Masaki Ohnishi.  If North Korea does something serious, Japan is within shooting range.  So far, it seems that Abe is winning over voters. Nationwide polls show the LDP is headed for a big win this weekend. Erimo residents were divided on Abe s signature policy of  revising Japan s war-renouncing constitution to clarify the status of the country s military. Critics worry that it could lead to an expanded role for the armed forces overseas and entangle it in U.S.-led conflicts. But Shinto priest Hirotaka Tezuka, 39, said the constitution had grown outdated.  We need a constitution that s better suited to the present era.  Yoshihiro Naito, 77, opposed the idea.  The commitment we ve made not to wage war has kept Japan safe.  He plans to vote for an opposition party because he thinks Abe and the LDP have become too powerful.  Town officials said they have not taken any particular precautionary steps following the recent missile launches, nor do they plan any  duck and cover  drills that have been held elsewhere. The town has loud speakers on 50 tall poles to broadcast warnings for tsunamis, typhoons   and now missiles. In recent months, they have installed wireless units in 1,500 of the 2,200 homes so people can hear them when they are indoors.  Erimo also has emergency stocks of food, water and other supplies, the mayor said. That s particularly important for Erimo because it is linked to the rest of Hokkaido by only one coast-hugging road, which gets closed several times a year due to heavy rains or massive waves. Local fishermen are nervous about North Korea s warning that it might conduct a hydrogen bomb test over the Pacific, which they worry would contaminate the water like the Fukushima nuclear disaster did in 2011.  The radiation would make all the fish inedible,  said Narita, the elderly fisherman.  Like in Fukushima, we couldn t do our jobs.  The town s dwindling fishing industry has already been hit hard by a plunge in the salmon catch as well as by a dearth of youngsters to take over the trade. When young people move away to cities such as Sapporo, Hokkaido s capital, sometimes their parents follow them, residents said. Erimo s population, which peaked above 9,000 in the 1960s, has fallen to nearly half that level.  We re a fishing town,  said Naito,  so if we can t catch fish any more, we re finished.  ",1
16770,U.S. carrier patrols off Korean peninsula in warning to Pyongyang,"ABOARD USS RONALD REAGAN, Sea of Japan (Reuters) - The USS Ronald Reagan, a 100,000-ton nuclear powered aircraft carrier, patrolled in waters east of the Korean peninsula on Thursday, in a show of sea and air power designed to warn off North Korea from any military action. The U.S. Navy s biggest warship in Asia, with a crew of 5,000 sailors, sailed around 100 miles (160.93 km), launching almost 90 F-18 Super Hornet sorties from its deck, in sight of South Korean islands. It is conducting drills with the South Korean navy involving 40 warships deployed in a line stretching from the Yellow Sea west of the peninsula into the Sea of Japan.  The dangerous and aggressive behavior by North Korea concerns everybody in the world,  Rear Admiral Marc Dalton, commander of the Reagan s strike group, said in the carrier s hangar as war planes taxied on the flight deck above.  We have made it clear with this exercise, and many others, that we are ready to defend the Republic of Korea.   The Reagan s presence in the region, coupled with recent military pressure by Washington on Pyongyang, including B1-B strategic bomber flights over the Korean peninsula, comes ahead of President Donald Trump s first official visit to Asia, set to start in Japan on Nov. 5, with South Korea to follow. North Korea has slammed the warship gathering as a  rehearsal for war . It comes as senior Japanese, South Korean and U.S. diplomats meet in Seoul to discuss a diplomatic way forward backed up by U.N. sanctions.     The U.N. Security Council has unanimously ratcheted up sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear and ballistic missile programmes since 2006. The most stringent include a ban on coal, iron ore and seafood exports that aim at halting a third of North Korea s $3 billion of annual exports. On Monday, Kim In Ryong, North Korea s deputy U.N. envoy, told a U.N. General Assembly committee the Korean peninsula situation had reached a touch-and-go point and a nuclear war could break out at any moment.  A series of weapons tests by Pyongyang, including its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3 and two missile launches over Japan, has stoked tension in East Asia. A Russian who returned from a visit to Pyongyang has said the regime is preparing to test a missile it believes can reach the U.S. west coast. On Sunday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said President Donald Trump had instructed him to continue diplomatic efforts to defuse tension with North Korea.  Washington has not ruled out the eventual possibility of direct talks with the North to resolve the stand-off, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John J. Sullivan said on Tuesday. ",1
16771,Now talk nice: EU script to help May settle Brexit bill,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Diplomatic theatrics at last week s Brussels summit revealed how European Union leaders will coax British Prime Minister Theresa May over the next two months into parting with tens of billions of euros in return for a post-Brexit trade deal. May gave away nothing hardliners in her Conservative cabinet can beat her with. She stuck to earlier vague concessions about honoring commitments and insisting a  Brexit bill , which the EU reckons at around 60 billion euros ($70 billion), must be part of a package deal on what Britain s relationship with the EU will be once it leaves in March 2019. Sticking to their own script, the other 27 states gave May until the next regular summit in eight weeks to improve an offer officials estimate at about 20 billion euros if she wants them to start discussing future trade ties. Miss that deadline and, the EU says, time will be running out for any deal. Yet between the lines of well-rehearsed arguments that have hit  deadlock  in the view of the EU negotiator, the outlines of a political fix are emerging. It may create leeway to get round an impasse that is in neither side s interest and which has left businesses fearing the legal limbo of a messy divorce. In essence, the 27 need to trust May that Britain will pay much more than is on the table but understand her difficulties in naming a figure by December, which could spark revolt at home and derail the process. In return, they seem likely to let slip more hints of what kind of future relationship she might secure. The EU position is  solid , Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni told reporters after the talks, but also  flexible . It was unrealistic, he said, to expect May to sell a precise demand for money in December. Equally, she could not expect the EU to negotiate a future trade deal without knowing roughly what outstanding items Britain would pay for. But defining those items could, Gentiloni said, be done  in the most politically manageable way possible for our British friends . Even the roughest of definitions will let commentators work out numbers. But as a senior diplomat from another major EU power put it:  We don t want to go public with a bald figure. If it s on the front page of The Sun, the whole process is dead.  Underlining a growing appreciation of May s limited room for maneuver, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker was quoted in a German newspaper on Sunday as telling aides he found May  despondent  when they met last Monday, beset by party coup plots and asking Europeans to help her out.  Aware of her troubles, EU leaders accentuated the positive.  Reports of the deadlock ... have been exaggerated,  summit chair Donald Tusk concluded, adding that discussions with May had finally succeeded in  establishing trust and goodwill .  Tusk, a former Polish premier, echoed the EU mantra of unity among the 27 and full backing for European Commission negotiator Michel Barnier, whose team of technical experts are handling the talks with London. But he also acknowledged a nuance in his role in steering the high-level political imperatives of the leaders. That, Tusk said, meant he would be a  positive motivator  in the coming weeks to create  a more positive narrative  than what some British politicians call EU  blackmail  demands. Anxious not to worsen May s troubles at home, fellow leaders made an effort to demonstrate goodwill. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron take a hard line on  sequencing  divorce talks before trade, but they huddled with May in amicable conversation for television cameras. The EU communique acknowledged progress on key issues, which also comprise expatriate rights and the Irish border, and instructed Barnier to begin internal EU preparations for the talks May wants on a two-year transition period after Brexit. Tusk said EU preparations would  take account of proposals presented  by  our British friends    an indication that, even without direct talks, May might be able to show her domestic audience an outline of how the EU sees future ties. Over dinner on Thursday, she appealed for help and stressed two concessions made in a speech at Florence on Sept. 22   that the 27 would not lose out financially in the current EU budget ending in 2020 and that Britain would  honor its commitments . Some were disappointed that she repeated Britain s rejection of the legal basis of much of the EU s demands, notably that it pay for EU commitments lasting beyond 2020. Macron, for one, said they were  not even half way  toward an agreement on money. But others detected a more positive tone. Luxembourg Prime Minister Xavier Bettel said May had indicated that Britain was at least  analyzing  what other parts of the bill it might pay. Merkel said she had  no doubt  a good agreement was possible. Yet there are few illusions that the Brexit plot will play out smoothly.  We ve always predicted a drama for autumn,  one EU diplomat said.  We haven t seen it yet. So maybe November.  ",1
16772,Malaysia asks Interpol to trace financier linked to 1MDB scandal,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia has asked Interpol to try to locate a Malaysian financier for questioning over his suspected involvement in a multi-billion dollar scandal at state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB), the deputy prime minister said on Monday. The U.S. Justice Department is seeking to seize $1.7 billion in assets that it said were bought with misappropriated funds from 1MDB, according to dozens of civil lawsuits filed by the department in the past two years.  The assets include a private jet, a hotel and real estate in New York, and a $107 million interest in EMI Music Publishing bought by Low Taek Jho, also known as Jho Low, the lawsuits said.  Low, whose whereabouts are unknown, has not been charged with any crime. But U.S. authorities have said they are pursuing a criminal probe into 1MDB-linked transactions.      We are confident Interpol will act professionally, but the police have yet to receive any detailed information (on Low s whereabouts),  Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said in parliament. A spokesman for Low could not be reached for comment. Low has previously denied any wrongdoing, saying that the U.S. Justice Department s actions were  a further example of global overreach in pursuit of a deeply flawed case . Interpol did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment.  1MDB, founded by Prime Minister Najib Razak, is facing money laundering probes in at least six countries including the United States, Switzerland and Singapore. A total of $4.5 billion was misappropriated from 1MDB by high-level officials of the fund and their associates, according to the U.S. lawsuits.  Low is accused in the lawsuits of using 1MDB-linked funds to buy Hollywood actor Leonardo DiCaprio a $3.2 million Picasso painting, and giving about $9 million in jewelry to Australian model Miranda Kerr. DiCaprio and Kerr have turned over the items to U.S. authorities and promised to cooperate in the 1MDB probe. The lawsuits also said $681 million from 1MDB was transferred to the account of  Malaysian Official 1 , which U.S. and Malaysian sources have previously identified as Najib. Najib has denied any wrongdoing and a Malaysian government investigation has also cleared him of any wrongdoing. A Malaysian police probe into 1MDB is under way. ",1
16773,Japan PM Abe says to discuss North Korea 'thoroughly' with Trump,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Monday he would discuss North Korea  thoroughly  with U.S. President Donald Trump when he visits next month, and reaffirm the two countries  commitment to working together in dealing with the country. Abe was speaking at a news conference after his ruling coalition scored a landslide victory in the lower house election on Sunday. ",1
16774,"Defense chief Mattis in Asia, will discuss North Korea crisis with allies","CLARK FREEPORT ZONE, Philippines (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said he would talk with Asian allies about North Korea and the crisis caused by Pyongyang s  reckless  provocations, as he kicked off a week-long trip to the region on Monday to meet defense chiefs in the Philippines.     Mattis  trip to Asia, which will also include stops in Thailand and South Korea, comes just weeks before President Donald Trump s first visit to Asia.     Trump has been locked in a war of words with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, calling him a  rocket man  on a suicide mission for openly pursuing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States.     Trump, in a speech last month at the United Nations, threatened to destroy North Korea if necessary to defend the United States and its allies. Kim has blasted Trump as  mentally deranged.      Mattis, who has emphasized diplomacy, was expected to meet both his Japanese and South Korean counterparts on Monday before meeting with all three of them together. He will attend a meeting from Monday to Wednesday of defense ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, known as ASEAN, in the Philippines. He will go to Seoul later in the week for more defense talks.     I will talk with my counterparts, discussing the regional security crisis caused by the reckless DPRK North Korea provocations but also discuss our respect for shared values like sovereignty of the states, their territorial integrity, freedom of navigation through historically international waters, and fair and reciprocal trade,  Mattis told reporters. A U.S. Navy destroyer sailed near islands claimed by China in the South China Sea last week, seeking to promote freedom of navigation. The maneuver prompted anger in Beijing. Trump s trip next month will include a visit to China, which he has been pressuring to do more to rein in North Korea s missile and nuclear programs. China is North Korea s neighbor and biggest trading partner.     Mattis, while in the Philippines, said he would commend the military for defeating insurgents in Marawi City on the island of Mindanao.     Some experts see the siege as a prelude to a more ambitious bid by Islamic State loyalists to exploit Mindanao s poverty and use its jungles and mountains as a base to train, recruit and launch attacks in the region.      It was a tough fight,  Mattis said, adding he thought the Philippines had sent  a very necessary message to the terrorists.      On Thursday, Mattis will lead the U.S. delegation in Thailand for the cremation rites for the late King Bhumibol Adulyadej. ",1
16775,Australia to spend up to $195 million housing refugees after PNG detention center closes,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia will spend up to A$250 million ($195 million) housing nearly 800 refugees and asylum seekers in Papua New Guinea for the next 12 months after its controversial detention center closes this month. But hundreds of detainees are refusing the leave the Australian-run and funded Manus Island detention center, which will close on Oct. 31, fearing for their safety in the general community on Manus Island off Papua New Guinea s north coast. Behrouz Boochani, a Kurdish-Iranian journalist held on Manus Island for four years, said detainees fear being assaulted if they moved to the new, Australian-funded Lorengau Refugee Transit Centre.  Refugees either move to Lorengau where they risk being attacked by angry local people, or be taken over by PNG defense forces who have already seriously threatened their safety,  Boochani told Reuters. Australia refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores, instead detaining them in offshore centers on Manus and the South Pacific island nation of Nauru. The United Nations and rights groups have for years cited human rights abuses among detainees in the centers.The Papua New Guinea Supreme Court ruled in 2016 that the Manus center was illegal and the government in the capital Port Moresby ordered its closure. Australia had hoped the detainees would be either resettled into Papua New Guinea society or the United States, under a controversial refugee swap, by the time the center closed. So far, only 54 refugees have moved to the United States. Deputy commissioner of Australian Border Force Mandy Newton said on Monday that Australia would fund the operation of three new transit centers on Manus for detainees.  Refugees will be provided funding to purchase their own food and other personal items, security will be provided at three facilities and health care will be provided at the East Lorengau Refugee Transit Centre,  Newton told a Senate hearing in Canberra.  I estimate it will cost between A$150-A$250 million.   The United Nations last week warned of a  humanitarian crisis  amid fears Australia would walk away completely from any involvement with refugees on the tiny Pacific Island. Refugee advocates said the new funding will not end a stand-off between asylum seekers and Australia, which they fear threatens to escalate into violence. ($1 = 1.2799 Australian dollars) ",1
16776,"Abe, Trump agree to raise pressure on North Korea: Japan government","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and U.S. President Donald Trump agreed to work together to raise pressure on North Korea, Yasutoshi Nishimura, a deputy chief cabinet secretary, said on Monday. Abe and Trump spoke by telephone after the Japanese premier s ruling coalition scored a big win in an election on Sunday. Nishimura told reporters that Abe and Trump were planning to play golf together on Nov. 5, when Trump makes his first visit to Japan. ",1
16777,Tillerson says Saudi Arabia not ready for talks with Qatar on Gulf crisis,"DOHA (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia is not yet ready to begin direct talks with Doha to resolve the nearly five-month diplomatic and trade cutoff affecting Qatar, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday.  There is not a strong indication that the parties are ready to talk yet,  Tillerson said of discussions he had earlier in the day in Riyadh with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman aimed at overcoming the row. ",1
16778,Macri ally leads Argentina Senate race against former president,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentine President Mauricio Macri s preferred candidate was leading former President Cristina Fernandez in an election for a Senate seat in Buenos Aires province, with 24.5 percent of polling booths counted. Esteban Bullrich, Macri s former education minister, had 42.9 percent of the vote counted compared with 35.9 percent for Fernandez in the province that is home to nearly 40 percent of voters.  ",1
16779,Suicide bomber kills 13 others in northeast Nigerian city: police official,"MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - A suicide bomber killed 13 other people in the northeast Nigerian city of Maiduguri on Sunday, a police official said, the deadliest attack in over a month as the conflict with Boko Haram stretches into its ninth year. The evening attack, which also injured five people, struck the city s Muna Garage area, Damian Chukwu, a police commissioner, told Reuters. The area is home to a camp for just some of the more than 2 million people who have fled fighting with the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency, which has left over 20,000 dead. That conflict, the epicenter of which is in northeastern Nigeria, is showing little sign of slowing, despite assurances by the government and military that Boko Haram is on the verge of defeat. On Friday, the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs warned that  attacks against civilians - including suicide bombings in and near IDP (internally displaced person) camps - continue to be a major concern.  Two suicide bombers also injured 13 other people in a separate attack, said Chukwu. ",1
16780,"'Despondent' May losing sleep on in-fighting, said Juncker: FAZ","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Theresa May looked  despondent , with deep rings under her eyes, EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker told aides after dining with the British prime minister last week, a German newspaper said on Sunday. The report by a Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung correspondent whose leaked account of a Juncker-May dinner in April caused upset in London, said Juncker thought her  marked  by battles over Brexit with her own Conservative ministers as she asked for EU help to create more room for maneuver at home. No immediate comment was available from Juncker s office, which has a policy of not commenting on reports of meetings. The FAZ said May, who flew in for a hastily announced dinner in Brussels with the European Commission president last Monday ahead of an EU summit, seemed to Juncker  anxious, despondent and disheartened ,  a woman who trusts hardly anyone but is also not ready for a clear-out to free herself . As she later did over dinner on Thursday with fellow EU leaders, May asked for help to overcome British divisions.  She indicated that back home friend and foe are at her back plotting to bring her down,  the paper said.  May said she had no room left to maneuver. The Europeans have to create it for her.   May s face and appearance spoke volumes, Juncker later told his colleagues,  the FAZ added.  She has deep rings under her eyes. She looks like someone who can t sleep a wink.  She smiles for the cameras, it went on,  but it looks forced , unlike in the past, when she could shake with laughter.  Now she needs all her strength not to lose her poise.  As with the April dinner at 10 Downing Street, when the FAZ reported that Juncker thought May  in another galaxy  in terms of Brexit expectations, both sides issued statements after last week s meeting saying talks were  constructive and friendly . They said they agreed negotiations should be  accelerated . May dismissed the dinner leak six months ago as  Brussels gossip , though officials on both sides said the report in the FAZ did little to foster an atmosphere of trust which they agree will be important to reach a deal. German Chancellor Angela Merkel was also reported to have been irritated by that leak. Although the summit on Thursday and Friday rejected May s call for an immediate start to talks on the future relationship, leaders made a gesture to speed up the process and voiced hopes of opening a new phase in December. Some said they understood May s difficulties in forging consensus in London. ",1
16781,Abe to push reform of Japan's pacifist constitution after election win,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling bloc scored a big win in Sunday s election, bolstering his chance of becoming the nation s longest-serving premier and re-energizing his push to revise the pacifist constitution. Abe s Liberal Democratic Party-led (LDP) coalition won a combined 312 seats, keeping its two-thirds  super majority  in the 465-member lower house, local media said. A hefty win raises the likelihood that Abe, who took office in December 2012, will secure a third three-year term as LDP leader next September and go on to become Japan s longest-serving premier. It also means his  Abenomics  growth strategy centered on the hyper-easy monetary policy will likely continue. Final official results from the election, which coincided with an approaching typhoon, are expected early on Monday. The U.S.-drafted constitution s Article 9, if taken literally, bans the maintenance of armed forces. But Japanese governments have interpreted it to allow a military exclusively for self-defense. Backers of Abe s proposal to clarify the military s ambiguous status say it would codify the status quo. Critics fear it would allow an expanded role overseas for the military. Abe said he would not stick to a target he had floated of making the changes by 2020.  First, I want to deepen debate and have as many people as possible agree,  he told a TV broadcaster.  We should put priority on that.  The LDP s junior partner, the Komeito, is cautious about changing the constitution, drawn up after Japan s defeat in World War Two. Several opposition parties favor changes, but do not necessarily agree on details. Amendments must be approved by two-thirds of each chamber of parliament and then by a majority in a public referendum.  Now that pro-constitutional change parties occupy more than two-thirds of the parliament, the constitution will be the most important political issue next year,  said Hidenori Suezawa, a financial market and fiscal analyst at SMBC Nikko Securities.   And as we saw in the U.K. ... a referendum could be tricky. So while Abe is likely to be prime minister for the time being, it is too early to say whether he can stay in power until 2021.  Abe declined to say if he would run for a third term. Abe had said he needed a new mandate to tackle a ""national crisis"" from North Korea's missile and nuclear threats and a fast-aging population, and to approve his idea of diverting revenue from a planned sales tax hike to education and child care from public debt repayment [reut.rs/2yC0pma]. He called the poll amid confusion in the opposition camp and an uptick in his ratings, dented earlier in the year by scandals over suspected cronyism and a perception he had grown arrogant after nearly five years in office. Abe has backed U.S. President Donald Trump s tough stance towards North Korea, which has test-fired missiles over Japan,  that all options, including military action, are on the table. Trump is to visit Japan Nov. 5-7 to reaffirm the leaders  tight ties. Abe s snap poll gamble had seemed risky - some early forecasts saw the LDP losing a significant chunk of seats - after Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, often floated as possibly Japan s first female premier, launched her conservative Party of Hope.  That party absorbed a big chunk of the failed main opposition Democratic Party, which abruptly decided to run no candidates of its own. But voter enthusiasm soon waned despite its calls for popular policies such as an exit from nuclear power and a freeze on the planned sales tax rise. Koike did not run for a lower house seat herself - she was  in Paris for a climate change event on Sunday - and failed to say whom her party would back for prime minister.  We had sought to put policies first. But we ended up with a very tough outcome, so I deeply apologize for that,  Koike told NHK. A new Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDPJ), formed by liberal former DP members, got 54 seats, beating the 49 seats of Koike s party to become the biggest opposition group, although both have just a fraction of the LDP s presence.  Day by day, we felt we were getting more voter support for our call to revive more decent politics, and not fret about whether it s right or left wing,  said CDPJ lawmaker Tetsuro Fukuyama. Several experts noted the ruling bloc s win was less a victory for the conservative, long-ruling LDP than a defeat for a divided opposition.  Simply put, this was the self-destruction of the opposition,  said Zentaro Kamei, a senior research fellow at think tank PHP Institute and former LDP lawmaker. Shinjiro Koizumi, the LDP lawmaker son of popular former Premier Junichiro Koizumi, warned against LDP complacency.  It s not just that our party has become arrogant and complacent. People are also getting increasingly fed up with us,  he told NHK. Abe, 63, has already led the LDP and its partner, the Komeito, to four landslide wins since he took the helm of the party. But turnout has been low and the LDP has typically won with about 25 percent of eligible votes. Others either stayed home or backed opposition parties.  Kyodo news agency estimated turnout on Sunday - when heavy rain from powerful Typhoon Lan lashed much of Japan - at 53.7 percent, 1 point above the record low in the last lower house election in 2014. ",1
16782,Two rich Italian regions vote for more autonomy - prelim results,"MILAN (Reuters) - Two wealthy regions of northern Italy, Lombardy and Veneto, voted overwhelmingly on Sunday for more autonomy from the central government, according to preliminary results. Millions of people in the regions, both run by the once openly secessionist Lega Nord party, voted more than 90 percent for  yes . Together, Lombardy and Veneto account for a third of the Italian economy. The party wants to use the results to persuade Rome to allow the regions to keep more of their taxes at home, though the referendums are not binding on the central government. ",1
16783,Spain urges Catalonia secessionists to obey Madrid,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - The Spanish government has urged Catalans to accept Madrid s decision to dismiss their secessionist leadership and to take control of the restive region, as the nation s biggest political crisis in decades enters a decisive week. Spain s foreign minister made the comment on Sunday, a day after Madrid vowed to take the unprecedented step of firing the Catalonia government, in a last resort to thwart the region s push for independence and to calm fears of unrest and economic turmoil in the heart of the euro zone. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont rejected Madrid s decision, to be implemented this week, and thousands of pro-independence protesters marched in Barcelona on Saturday. The regional parliament s speaker, Carme Forcadell, said she too would not accept Madrid s move and accused Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy of staging a  coup . Spanish Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis responded on Sunday with the call to obey Madrid.  All the government is trying to do, and reluctantly, is to reinstate the legal order, to restore the constitution but also the Catalan rules and proceed from there,  Dastis told BBC TV.  We are going to establish the authorities who are going to rule the day-to-day affairs of Catalonia according to the Catalan laws and norms ... I hope everyone will disregard whatever instructions they will be planning to give because they will not have the legal authority to do that.  However, Dastis sought to calm nerves in the region, saying Madrid would not conduct arrests among the pro-independence leadership, though two prominent secessionists were detained on court order this month on allegations of sedition.  We are not going to arrest anyone,  he said. Catalonia s leaders say they will not accept direct rule imposed by Madrid, raising the prospect that they and their supporters will seek to defy the Spanish government when the time comes to remove them from office. Rajoy s use of special constitutional powers still needs Senate approval in a session set for Friday. Once it gains the expected approval, Madrid can take full control of Catalonia s finances, police and public media and curb the powers of the regional parliament for up to six months, until fresh regional elections. Street protests for and against independence in Catalonia have involved hundreds of thousands of people. Though a violent crackdown by national police during Catalonia s Oct. 1 independence vote left hundreds injured, according to regional authorities, the protests have remained peaceful so far.  But Rajoy s unprecedented plan to use special constitutional powers has angered both sides and raised concern over the potential for unrest if Catalan leaders resist and call for civil disobedience. They have not done that, but investors are worried about the possible fallout from such moves in a region that makes up a fifth of Spain s economy. Hundreds of companies have shifted their headquarters outside the region and Madrid has made downward revisions to its economic forecasts. Mikel Lekue, a 24-year-old Spaniard studying in Barcelona, said he did not support Catalan independence but criticized Rajoy s tactics in invoking article 155 of the national constitution for the first time to take control of a region.  I don t agree with article 155. For all the errors the Catalan government has made, and they have made many, I don t think the solution is to remove Catalan autonomy,  he said as he walked in central Barcelona with a friend.  I think they need to sit down and talk.  Rajoy, who acted with backing from King Felipe and the main opposition party in Madrid, said the crisis was jeopardizing political and economic stability in the euro zone s fourth-largest economy. Puigdemont, who made a symbolic declaration of independence on Oct. 10 after the referendum, called Rajoy s move the  worst attacks against the people of Catalonia  since Spain s military dictatorship. He stopped short of saying he would make good his threat to push ahead with a parliamentary vote on independence before direct rule takes effect. But he has called the Catalan parliament to meet next week to agree on a response to Madrid, something many observers said could pave the way for a formal declaration of independence. The regional assembly is expected to decide on Monday when it will hold a session. Several influential Catalan newspapers called on Puidgemont on Sunday to resolve the crisis by calling a snap election before direct rule becomes effective. However, an opinion poll published by the El Periodico newspaper on Sunday showed a snap election would probably have results similar to the last ballot, in 2015, when a coalition of pro-independence parties formed a minority government. Catalan government spokesman Jordi Turull, however, told Catalan radio this was not an option and instead suggested that the parliament could move forward with secession.  Catalonia will be what decides the parliament, which is the legitimate representative of the citizens, and not what others decide,  Turull said. ",1
16784,U.S. senators seek answers on U.S. presence in Niger after ambush,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators said on Sunday the White House has not been forthcoming with details about the military s presence in Niger after the deaths of four soldiers there earlier this month and they want more answers on U.S. operations in the west African country. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham and Democratic Senate leader Chuck Schumer said in separate interviews that they support Republican Senator John McCain s effort to get answers from the Pentagon on the ambush and more broadly on the U.S. fight against ISIS in Niger. Graham and Schumer said they had been unaware of the large U.S. presence in the country and said Congress needs more information on what could become a long and open-ended involvement.  I didn t know there was 1,000 troops in Niger,  Graham said on NBC s Meet the Press.  This is an endless war without boundaries and no limitation on time and geography,  he added.  You ve got to tell us more and he [McCain] is right to say that.  Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told Graham and McCain, who serves as chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, on Friday that the military is shifting its counter-terrorism strategy to focus more on Africa and expanding the ability to use force against suspected terrorists. The attack earlier this month, which U.S. officials suspect was carried out by a local Islamic State affiliate, has thrown a spotlight on the U.S. counter-terrorism mission in Niger, which has about 800 U.S. troops. U.S. President Donald Trump drew attention to the ambush after sparring last week with Democratic Congresswoman Frederica Wilson, who criticized the president for what she said were insensitive remarks to the widow of one of the fallen soldiers. Democrat Schumer said on the same program on Sunday that he, like Graham, had also been unaware of the large presence of U.S. troops in Niger and is also awaiting more answers from the military this week. He said Congress may need to re-examine the current authorization for what he said could be a long, open-ended involvement in the country and region.  We need to look at this carefully. This is a brave new world. There are no set battle plans,  he said, adding that Congress currently authorizes action as part of the authorization of military use that has been in place for 16 years since the September 11 terror attacks on the United States.  I would be for re-examining this. There is no easy answer but we need to look at it. The answer we have now is not adequate,  he said. ",1
16785,"Slovenian President Pahor fails to win majority, faces runoff","LJUBLJANA (Reuters) - Slovenian President Borut Pahor will face a second-round election on Nov. 12 after he fell short of a majority in Sunday s first round, as he tries to win a second five-year mandate. With 99 percent of the vote counted, according to the State Election Commission, Pahor had 47.1 percent of the vote. In next month s runoff, he will face Marjan Sarec, the mayor of the city of Kamnik, who took 25 percent. Turnout reached 43.5 percent. The result contradicted exit polls by TV Slovenia that showed Pahor winning in the first round.  In the second round anything is possible, although Pahor is a big favorite,  Peter Jancic, the editor of political website Spletni Casopis told Reuters. Although the office is mostly ceremonial, the president leads the army and also nominates several top officials, including the central bank governor. Most of his nominations have to be confirmed by parliament. The vote amounted to a warning for Prime Minister Miro Cerar and his Party of Modern Centre (SMC) before the general election due next June or July. Its candidate, Education Minister Maja Makovec Brencic, took only 1.7 percent of the vote and came seventh out of nine candidates.  SMC will surely have a lot to show at parliamentary election,  Cerar told TV Slovenia.  We have a lot of ideas for the future.  Pahor, 53, who ran as an independent candidate, is a former long-time leader of the center-left Social Democrats. He told reporters he will focus on  connecting people, cooperation, political stability and security  if he wins in the second round. He was Slovenia s prime minister from 2008 to 2012, the years that led to the worst financial crisis in Slovenia s history. In 2013, the country only narrowly avoided an international bailout for its banks.  A former fashion model, he is also known as the  king of the Instagram , for posting photos on Instagram showing him in his official duties but also in various sports activities. Sarec, 39, is not affiliated with parliamentary parties but is running as a candidate of his own non-parliamentary, center-left party, Lista Marjana Sarca. He is a former actor.  I am happy about this result, which shows that us mayors do a lot for people at the local level and are working hard,  he said. ",1
16786,"Putin critic Navalny, freed from jail, resumes presidential campaign","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny held a political rally on Sunday, hours after being released from jail and pledged to continue his presidential campaign despite the authorities saying he is ineligible to stand.  Navalny, a fierce critic of President Vladimir Putin, was detained by police in late September and sentenced to 20 days in jail on charges of repeatedly violating laws by organizing public meeting and rallies. It was the third time he had been jailed this year, part of what he says is a pattern of Kremlin harassment designed to thwart his political ambitions. Russia s central election commission has declared him ineligible to run for president next year due to a suspended prison sentence, which he says was politically-motivated. Shrugging off that ban, the 41-year-old lawyer held a campaign rally in the provincial town of Astrakhan in southern Russia on Sunday evening, hours after walking free from jail.  He said after the rally he would continue to campaign and had the right to take part in next year s election.  We have more right to take part in the elections than all the other candidates combined,  Navalny wrote on his website.  Putin, 65, has for months declined to say whether he will run for what would be his fourth stint in the Kremlin, but is  widely expected to do so. Opinion polls suggest he would comfortably win.  One candidate who has declared her hand is TV personality Ksenia Sobchak who said last week she planned to run, offering liberal voters unhappy with Putin s rule someone to back, though she has little prospect of winning. Some opposition activists fret she is a Kremlin project designed to split the opposition, something she denies. Last month, commenting on rumors that Sobchak would run, Navalny complained she was being used by the Kremlin as a safe lightning conductor for voters  dissatisfaction. But he struck a more conciliatory note on Sunday with TV Rain citing him as saying that everyone, including Sobchak, had the right to take part in the March election.   ",1
16787,UK police end armed hostage-taking at English leisure complex: BBC,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police ended an armed hostage siege on Sunday, the BBC reported, saying there were no casualties after a gunman took two staff members hostage at a bowling alley in a leisure complex in central England. Earlier, Warwickshire police had ruled out an connection with  terrorist activity  after saying they were dealing with an  ongoing incident  at the leisure park in Nuneaton.  Mehdi Afshar, chief executive of MFA Bowl which owns the alley, was quoted by the BBC as saying the police had stormed the building and ended the siege. There were no casualties, the BBC added. Earlier, pictures on Twitter showed armed police at the complex, which is home to a cinema, gym and several restaurants, and local media reported that roads leading to it had been closed off. ",1
16788,Protesters call for justice after Maltese journalist's killing,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - Thousands of Maltese called for justice on Sunday in a protest held by a group of non-governmental organizations after a journalist was killed last Monday. The demonstrations in Malta s capital, Valletta, were organized by the group Civil Society Network after the car bombing  that killed anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia, 53, in a murder that shocked the Mediterranean island.  Some of those present at the protest carried placards or wore T-shirts with the last words written by Caruana Galizia, minutes before she was killed:  There are crooks everywhere you look now. The situation is desperate.   You remember, we gathered, almost three years ago, in Paris, after the Charlie Hebdo killing. We have gathered today in Valletta for Daphne and everybody can say  I am Daphne, je suis Daphne ,  Christophe Deloire, secretary-general of Reporters without Frontiers, told the crowd. Michael Briguglio, who heads the Civil Society Network, said the commissioner of police and the attorney general should be removed for not having acted following revelations in the so-called  Panama Papers .  Caruana Galizia reported in April that the wife of Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat was the beneficiary of a secret company in Panama, called Egrant, in which $1 million had been deposited from Azerbaijan. The claim was strenuously denied by the prime minister and by his wife.  A magisterial inquiry on the Egrant charges is still under way.  The Maltese government on Saturday announced a one million- euro reward and protection for anyone who comes forward with information leading to the identification of whoever was behind the journalist s murder.  This is a case of extraordinary importance which requires extraordinary measures,  the government said in a statement on the reward. Muscat, re-elected with a large majority for a second five-year term in June, did not attend the protest on Sunday, saying it would have been  inappropriate .  A delegation from his Labour Party and the Opposition Nationalist Party attended.   President Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca attended, walking at the back of the large crowd with her husband. She was later due to meet a delegation of the Civil Society Network.  Flowers were laid at the foot of the Malta Great Siege monument   commemorating the unsuccessful siege of Malta by Ottoman Turks in 1565 -  which has become a temporary shrine for Caruana Galizia.  It is us who are now under siege,  a participant said as he looked at the banks of flowers under a picture of Caruana Galizia.  ",1
16789,"Eleven killed in clashes in Ethiopia's Oromiya region, official says","ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - Ethnic clashes killed 11 people this week in Ethiopia s Oromiya region, a regional government official said on Sunday, the latest unrest in a province that was wracked by violence in 2015 and 2016. Nearly 700 people died last year during one period of the violence in Ethiopia s largest region and other areas, according to a parliament-mandated investigation. The unrest forced the government to impose a nine-month state of emergency that was finally lifted in August. Sporadic protests have taken place since then. Violence broke out this week in two districts in the province s west after protests led to clashes between ethnic Oromos and Amharas, the spokesman for the region s administration said on Sunday.  Eight Oromos and three Amharas died,  spokesman Addisu Arega Kitessa said in a statement.  The previous unrest was provoked by a development scheme for the capital, Addis Ababa, that dissidents said amounted to land grabs. Broader anti-government demonstrations followed, over politics and human rights abuses.  The violence included attacks on businesses, many of them foreign-owned, including farms growing flowers for export.  Separately, clashes along the border between the country s Oromiya and Somali regions last month also displaced hundreds of thousands of people. The area has been plagued by sporadic violence for decades. A referendum held in 2004 to determine the status of disputed settlements failed to ease tensions. Those clashes have  fueled fears about security in Ethiopia, the region s biggest economy and a staunch Western ally. ",1
16790,Iraqi Kurdish opposition party Gorran calls on Barzani to step down,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gorran, a main opposition party to Iraqi Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani, called on Sunday for his resignation, and for a  national salvation government  to be formed to deal with crisis pitting the Kurds and the central Iraqi authorities. Gorran, or the Change Movement, blamed Barzani for the  disaster  facing the Kurds after the loss on Oct. 16 of the oil-rich city of Kirkuk, captured by Iraqi forces in retaliation to a Kurdish independence referendum held last month despite warnings from Baghdad and neighboring Iran and Turkey.  The Kurdistan presidency must be dissolved and a national salvation government be formed to overcome the current situation,  said a statement published by the party leadership after meeting in the Kurdish city of Sulaimaniya. Gorran supports the right of Iraq s Kurds for self-determination but it opposed holding the referendum on Sept. 25, saying the timing was ill-chosen. ",1
16791,"Militants attack Egypt police, dozens killed: sources","CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s security forces suffered one of their heaviest attacks after militants firing rockets and detonating explosives hit a police operation on Friday in the western desert, authorities and security sources said on Saturday. Three security sources said at least 52 police officers and conscripts had been killed in gun battles that erupted in the remote desert, but Egyptian authorities said only 16 men had died when their patrol came under attack.  Egyptian authorities on Saturday said two police operations were moving in on a suspected militant hideout on Friday when one of the patrols came under fire from heavy weapons in a remote area around 135 km southwest of Cairo. The interior ministry said 16 police were killed in that part of the operation, and 13 more were wounded. At least 15 militants were also killed in the gun fight. The statement did not give details on any casualties in the other police patrol.  As soon as the first mission approached the location of the terrorist elements, they sensed the arrival of the forces and targeted them using heavy weapons from all directions,  the interior ministry said in a statement. One security source said the convoy was attacked from higher ground by militants firing rocket-propelled grenades and detonating explosive devices on the ground. Security has been a key point for President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, a former military commander who presents himself as a bulwark against terrorism after leading the ouster of president Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013. Sisi was elected on a landslide a year later. Though he has yet to declare his intentions, Sisi is widely expected to run for re-election in April next year with little opposition. But critics say his popularity has been dimmed because of security and economic austerity policies.   No group made any claim or statement about Friday s operation not far from the capital. But most of the fighting so far between militants and security forces has been in northern Sinai, where an Islamic State affiliate operates. Security sources earlier said the police had been hunting hideout of the Hasm Movement, an Islamist militant group blamed for attacks on judges and police around the capital. That group has in the past only carried out mostly small operations since it emerged last year. Egyptian authorities say it is the armed militant wing of the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group it outlawed in 2013. Most of its leadership has been jailed in a crackdown under Sisi. Since Sisi came to power, hundreds of troops and police have been killed in often sophisticated attacks by militants in the northern Sinai region, where Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis group pledged allegiance to Islamic State in 2014. Last Sunday, at least 24 militants and six soldiers were killed in attacks on military outposts in North Sinai, when more than 100 militants repeatedly attacked security outposts south of the border town of Sheikh Zuweid. Attacks have mostly hit police and armed forces, but militants have also extended their campaign outside the Sinai, targeting Egypt s Christians with bomb attacks on churches in Cairo and other cities. ",1
16792,Mugabe removed as WHO goodwill envoy after outrage,"GENEVA/LONDON (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has been removed as a goodwill ambassador, the World Health Organization said on Sunday, following outrage among Western donors and rights groups at his appointment. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus named Mugabe to the largely ceremonial post at a meeting on Wednesday in Uruguay on chronic diseases attended by both men.  At the time, Tedros praised Zimbabwe as  a country that places universal health coverage and health promotion at the center of its policies to provide healthcare to all . But Tedros said in a statement that he had listened to those expressing concerns and heard the  different issues  raised.  Over the last few days, I have reflected on my appointment of H.E. President Robert Mugabe as WHO Goodwill Ambassador for NCDs (non-communicable diseases) in Africa. As a result I have decided to rescind the appointment,  Tedros said. The decision had been taken after consultation with the Harare government and was  in the best interests of the World Health Organization , he said. Jeremy Farrar, a global health specialist and director of the Wellcome Trust charity and the NCD alliance, representing health groups combating chronic diseases, welcomed the reversal.  Dr Tedros deserves all our support to ensure he and WHO build a global health movement that is inclusive and works to improve health for everyone,  Farrar said in a statement.  Zimbabwean Foreign Minister Walter Muzembi accepted the move while insisting that WHO had  benefited tremendously  from having nominated Mugabe and the media buzz it brought to health issues.  So on the balance, it is wiser to let go, and help WHO focus on its mandate while we focus Zimbabwe on its membership obligations,  Muzembi said in a government statement. Several former and current WHO staff had said privately they were appalled at the  poor judgment  and  miscalculation  by Tedros, elected the first African head of WHO in May. Mugabe was head of the African Union when the bloc endorsed Tedros - a former health and foreign minister of Ethiopia - over other African candidates for the top post, without any real regional contest, they said.  Mugabe, 93, is blamed in the West for destroying Zimbabwe s economy and for numerous human rights abuses during his 37 years leading the country as either president or prime minister. Britain had said Mugabe s appointment as a goodwill ambassador was  surprising and disappointing  and that it risked overshadowing the WHO s global work. The United States, which has imposed sanctions on Mugabe for alleged human rights violations, also voiced disappointment.  He (Tedros) has to remember where his funding comes from,  said one health official who declined to be identified. The Trump administration, which is already questioning financial support for some United Nations agencies, is WHO s largest single donor. WHO is struggling to recover a reputation tarnished by its slowness in tackling the Ebola epidemic that killed more than 11,000 people in West Africa from 2014-2015 under Tedros  predecessor, Margaret Chan. The agency is now grappling with a massive cholera outbreak in Yemen that has infected some 800,000 people in the past year and a plague outbreak in Madagascar that has killed nearly 100 in two months.  ",1
16793,Czech tycoon Babis to be named prime minister but may struggle to find partners,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech President Milos Zeman said on Sunday he would name Andrej Babis prime minister, but the tycoon leader of the anti-establishment ANO party may struggle to find coalition partners despite his emphatic election win. ANO won 29.6 percent of the vote at the weekend s polls, nearly three times as much as its closest rival, but many parties expressed reluctance or rejected outright any coalition with it while Babis fights off fraud charges. Zeman said the charges were not an obstacle for Babis - the second richest Czech who has been compared to other tycoons-turned-political leaders Donald Trump and Silvio Berlusconi - to become prime minister.  My aim is that when I appoint the prime minister, and that will be Andrej Babis, that there is certainty or at least high probability that this prime minister will be successful in a parliamentary vote of confidence,  Zeman said in a live interview on news website www.blesk.cz. ANO will control 78 seats in the 200-seat lower house so still needs partners from the other eight factions to form a majority, but Babis s stance as an anti-establishment force has made it difficult to forge alliances. Opponents see Babis, worth an estimated $4 billion, as a danger to democracy because of his commanding leadership style and business and media power that they fear could pose conflicts of interest. Police allege Babis hid ownership of one of his firms a decade ago to receive a 2 million euro EU subsidy that was meant for small businesses. He denies wrongdoing.  He moved his chemicals, food and media firms to a trust earlier this year when he held the job of finance minister, to meet conflict of interest legislation. The center-right Civic Democrats, who came second in the election with 25 seats, said they would remain in opposition.  I have already ruled out talks with ANO on taking part in a government or supporting a government,  party chief Petr Fiala said on Seznam.cz news website. Two small center-right parties, STAN and TOP09, also said they would not work with Babis.   I can t legitimize him and create the appearance of normality,  said Jan Farsky, election leader for STAN.  Democratic forces got trounced but they will not regain strength by cooperation with Babis. That would finish them off,  he told Reuters. The center-left Social Democrats of outgoing Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka, who won just 7.3 percent of the vote, said they may enter talks with ANO, their current coalition partner, but only if Babis personally stays out of the cabinet. The centrist Christian Democrats, the third current coalition partner, also made any potential support conditional on Babis not being in the government. The liberal Pirate Party,  which came third in the election, also said Babis s charges were obstacle to any cooperation. Babis has promised to stay out of the euro zone and pressure the European Union to counter immigration, but also to keep the country firmly in the EU and NATO. But a refusal by mainstream parties to work with ANO could lead Babis to turn to the Communists and the anti-EU, anti-immigration Freedom and Direct Democracy party (SPD) for political support.  SPD chief Tomio Okamura said Babis should stay out of the cabinet if he were to consider support. His conditions for talks would be a tough stance against immigration, a ban on promoting Islam and a referendum on leaving the European Union, he said. The make-up of the cabinet will influence the country s tone in the EU, but unlike Poland s leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski or Hungary s Viktor Orban, Babis does not share the anti-liberal stance that has driven Warsaw and Budapest into deep spats with western partners. President Zeman said he would meet Babis on Monday to discuss the next steps but suggested the formal appointment would happen later.  He said he would call the first session of the new parliament after the maximum 30 days allowed by the constitution, to provide time for coalition talks. ",1
16794,"Czech election websites hacked, vote unaffected -Statistics Office","PRAGUE (Reuters) - The websites used for presentation of the Czech Republic s election results were hacked on Saturday afternoon, the Czech Statistical Office (CSU) said on Sunday, adding that the vote count was not affected. Czechs voted on Friday and Saturday in the parliamentary election, with the results then shown on two websites that CSU maintains with an outside provider.  During the processing (of the vote), there was a targeted DDoS attack aimed at the infrastructure of the O2 company used for elections,  CSU said on its website.      As a result, servers volby.cz and volbyhned.cz had been temporarily partly inaccessible. The attack did not in any way affect either the infrastructure used for the transmission of election results to the CSU headquarters or the independent data processing.  The anti-establishment ANO party won 29.6 percent of the vote but may struggle to find coalition partners. Many parties expressed reluctance or rejected outright any coalition with the ANO while its billionaire founder and leader Andrej Babis fights off fraud charges. Czech President Milos Zeman said on Sunday that he would name Andrej Babis prime minister.  In the last similar case, in January, the Czech Foreign Ministry said that hackers had breached dozens of its email accounts in an attack resembling one against the U.S. Democratic Party that the former Obama administration blamed on Russia. On the European Union level, the threat of cyber attacks has been taken more seriously in recent months after hacking attempts detected by some of the 28 member states. EU defense ministers tested their ability to respond to a potential hacking attack in their first cyber war games in September. The exercise was based on a simulated attack on one of the bloc s military missions abroad. ",1
16795,Japan's Abe says won't delay tax hike unless big shock hits economy,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Sunday the government will proceed with a scheduled sales tax increase in 2019 unless the economy suffers a shock as big as the 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers. He also defended the government s plan to divert some of the proceeds from the scheduled tax hike to 10 percent from 8 percent to child care and education, saying that investing in children will  undoubtedly lead to stronger economic growth .  Our administration has worked on fiscal reform more than any other administration,  Abe told a television program as his ruling bloc headed for a big win in Sunday s general election.  In order to pay back Japan s public debt, you need economic growth,  he said.  We d like to proceed with fiscal reform by spurring economic growth and investment,  Abe said, suggesting his administration will continue to focus on reflating growth rather than fiscal austerity. Abe s ruling bloc was set for a big win in Sunday s election, bolstering his chances of becoming the nation s longest-serving premier. Abe twice delayed the sales tax hike to 10 percent after an earlier increase to 8 percent tipped Japan into recession. Analysts say increasing the levy is crucial to rein in Japan s huge public debt which, at twice the size of its economy, is the biggest among major industrialized nations. ",1
16796,Fierce firefight as Philippines' toughest urban war down to last building,"MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - Philippine troops were locked in an intense urban firefight on Sunday with the last remnants of a pro-Islamic state alliance, as the army sought to declare an end to the country s biggest internal security crisis in years. An estimated 30 people, including militants and some of their family members, were battling to hold a fortified, two-storey building next to Marawi City s vast Lake Lanao, and appeared ready to fight to the death, according to the deputy commander of the operation.  There s just one building and they re inside,  Colonel Romeo Brawner told a news conference.  We believe these are ones who decided to fight it out, because they believe that if they die there they will go to Heaven.  Brawner said soldiers were using loudspeakers to urge them to surrender, and anticipated the gunfight could go on until midnight. They did not know how many people in the building were alive or dead, he said. The siege of Marawi has stunned the Philippines and stoked wider concerns that Islamic State loyalists have learned how to thrive in impoverished Muslim areas of the island of Mindanao and use its jungles and mountains as staging posts to launch attacks. Those fears are compounded by the Marawi rebels  ability to recruit young fighters, stockpile huge amounts of arms and endure five months of ground offensive and government air strikes that have devastated the city. The military made a significant gain with last week s killing of Isnilon Hapilon, Islamic State s  emir  in Southeast Asia and Omarkhayam Maute, a leader of the Maute militant group. Another leader and possible bankroller of the operation, Malaysian Mahmud Ahmad, was likely killed also, the military said. Brawner said the authorities believed foreign operatives were among those still fighting and it was clear there was now a leadership vacuum.  At this point we don t know who is really the leader,  he added.  Our government forces will try to do everything to finish the firefight today.  Troops have started a phased withdrawal and the authorities may soon allow some residents to return to homes not damaged by the fighting, which displaced at least 300,000 people. More than 1,000 have been killed, mostly militants. The government estimates the rebuilding of Marawi could cost at least 50 billion pesos ($971 million). ",1
16797,"Hamas deputy leader says to continue Iran ties, armed fight","DUBAI (Reuters) - The deputy head of the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas vowed to keep close ties with Israel s arch-enemy Iran and to maintain its weapons, Iranian media reported on Sunday, rejecting Israeli preconditions for any peace talks. Hamas, which is designated as a terrorist group by Western countries and Israel, signed a reconciliation deal this month with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas s Fatah faction.      Undoubtedly, the Palestinian resistance forces will never give up ... their arms,  the semi-official news agency Mehr quoted Saleh Arouri as saying at a meeting with the Iranian parliament s speaker Ali Larijani in Tehran.  Israel said on Tuesday it would not hold peace negotiations with a Palestinian government dependent on Hamas and demanded that Hamas recognize Israel, disarm, and sever its ties with Iran.  Our presence in Iran is the practical denial of the third pre-condition   cutting ties with Iran,  Arouri said earlier, quoted by Iran s Fars news agency. In August, a Hamas leader said that Iran was again its biggest provider of money and arms after years of tension over the civil war in Syria. Hamas had angered Tehran by refusing to support its ally, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, in the six-year-old civil war. Hamas seeks Israel s destruction. It has fought three wars with Israel since seizing the Gaza Strip from forces loyal to Western-backed President Abbas in 2007. ",1
16798,"Typhoon kills at least two in Japan, prompts call for thousands to evacuate","TOKYO (Reuters) - A typhoon roared towards Japan s main island on election day on Sunday, killing at least two people, prompting a warning for tens of thousands to evacuate and the cancellation of hundreds of flights. One man was killed under scaffolding that collapsed in high winds and a fisherman was killed as he tended to his boat, Kyodo news agency said. There were a handful of minor injuries.  Typhoon Lan, classified as an intense Category 4 storm by the Tropical Storm Risk monitoring site, was south of Japan and moving northeast at 50 kph on Sunday night, speeding up slightly, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) said. Lan appeared to have weakened slightly from its peak, but it was still a powerful storm that could pound parts of Japan with more than 80 mm (3 inches) of rain an hour, an agency official told reporters.  It is set to make landfall on Japan s main island of Honshu, possibly near Tokyo, early on Monday, at which time it is likely to have weakened to a Category 2 storm.  The wind and rain will grow stronger as the night goes on, so take measures as needed as early as possible, preferably before it gets dark,  the official said. The agency issued warnings for heavy rain and flooding on the Pacific side of Japan including the Tokyo metropolitan area, even though the typhoon is likely to be downgraded.  More than 70,000 households in various parts of Japan were advised to evacuate, with more than 5,000 ordered to do so, NHK public television said.  I live alone and at night it s scary, so I came here as early as I could,  one elderly woman told NHK at a evacuation center in western Japan. Wind gusts of up to 180 kph (111 mph) were possible across central and eastern Japan early on Monday, the JMA said, possibly hampering the morning rush hour even after the rain is expected to have largely dissipated. Several small landslides had occurred and rivers were rising close to the top of their banks. One part received more than 600 mm (23 inches) of rain in 48 hours, twice the usual amount of rain for the whole month of October. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told reporters he had called on the government to take steps to minimize any threats to life.  More than 300 flights were canceled and rail services were interrupted across the country, in one case due to a power outage.  Toyota Motor Corp said it was cancelling the first shift at all of its assembly plants and that it would decide on a later shift around Monday noon. Abe s ruling bloc was headed for a big win in the election, exit polls showed, potentially reenergizing a push towards his cherished goal of revising the post-war, pacifist constitution. It was not immediately clear how the storm and warnings to evacuate affected voting. ",1
16799,"For some Chinese dissidents, party congress means a paid 'vacation'","BEIJING (Reuters) - Hu Jia, a well-known Chinese dissident who lives in Beijing, says he had hoped to go to the southeastern city of Xiamen for his government-sponsored holiday, but state security officials said no.   They told me I had to go to a more isolated place this time,  he told Reuters by phone from Yunnan province in far southwestern China, a popular destination renowned for its scenery and the culture of its ethnic minority groups. Rights groups say that Hu is one dozens of activists and dissidents detained, placed under tighter monitoring or  vacationed  by authorities,  during the week-long congress of the ruling Communist Party which began on Wednesday in Beijing. President Xi Jinping is expected to tighten his grip on power at the gathering, which is only held once every five years. For his enforced holiday, Hu and his two government minders jointly decided on the destinations. Hu suggested the ancient town of Dali in Yunnan for the first stop, and the public security agents accompanying him chose the second and third stops in the southwest region, Guiyang   the capital of the mountainous province of Guizhou, and the coastal city of Beihai in Guangxi province.  Hu estimated the whole trip for the three of them will cost close to 10,000 yuan ($1,510), all paid for by the authorities. He said that his minders tried to save money by choosing basic hotels and traveling between the three cities by bus. He will fly back to Beijing on Oct 28, just after the congress ends.  You can go see the sights, but state security goes with you everywhere,  Hu said. Reuters was unable to independently verify the accounts of Hu and other dissidents interviewed for this story. China s public security ministry did not respond to a faxed request for comment on the detention of activists, and the use of  vacations.  China rarely explains its treatment of dissidents other than to say that those charged are criminals who harmed social stability and that all people in China are treated equally before the law. It is not unusual for Chinese authorities to heighten monitoring and detention of dissidents before important political events, especially people with high profiles who are  known to speak out against the party and state. In addition to the enforced vacations, some activists have also been detained, placed under supervision at home, or warned about posting critical messages online in the weeks ahead of congress, according to the Hong Kong-based group Chinese Human Rights Defenders.  The group also said it had documented 14 cases of detention of activists in recent weeks. In one case, Wu Kemu, a truck driver from Xuancheng city in the central province of Anhui, was called in by the police for a talk on October 11 and has not been released since, his wife Fang Liangxiang told Reuters by phone on Sunday.  They will not say when he will be released. They just told me to wait at home for him,  she said, adding that she expected the detention was related to critical things Wu had said about the government on the popular instant messaging platform WeChat. No one answered the phone on Saturday at the Xuancheng city detention center where Fang says Wu is being held. It is unclear if the total number of detentions, arrests or  vacations  this year is greater than at the time of previous major events or how many of the cases are directly related to the congress. Some activists say that the authorities prefer enforced vacations rather than detentions as they can make dissidents both inactive and inaccessible to foreign journalists over sensitive periods. Locking people up can attract more attention. Hu, a pro-democracy activist and campaigner for those with HIV/AIDS, was sentenced to three-and-a-half years in jail for subversion in 2008, and said he has been under regular state surveillance since his release.  The first thing I did was go for a run up in the mountains by Dali, because I knew the state security agents could not run with me,  he said, adding that the agents were  not the running type.   It felt like being briefly free from prison,  he said. Hu said that state security agents had shown him a list of people who would not be allowed to stay in Beijing over the 19th Party Congress, including Liu Xia, the widow of Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo.   Liu Xia has been under effective house arrest in Beijing since her husband won the Nobel Prize in 2010. After his death in July, even the sporadic communications she s had with friends have been nearly entirely severed, two of them told Reuters. The public security ministry did not respond to a request for comment on Liu Xia s situation. Some activists make their own travel plans to avoid the authorities. Wu Lihong, an activist from Wuxi city in Jiangsu province who for over a decade has been protesting pollution in Lake Tai in eastern China, told Reuters that Chinese state security had called him last week saying they were coming to take him for a forced vacation. Wu, though, had already gone to visit a friend in Zhejiang province, on the east coast and far away from Beijing, to avoid them.  At the 16th, 17th and 18th Congresses I was vacationed, imprisoned, held at home and forbidden to speak,  Wu said.   This time, I chose to go on holiday without them,  he said. He said that state security officials had asked him to return to Wuxi so they could take him on  vacation  themselves, but he declined saying he would stay with his friend till after the congress ends. He is now avoiding their calls. Reuters could not independently confirm Wu s comments. Chinese state security does not have a public phone number, fax number or website.     Xi has overseen a sweeping crackdown on rights lawyers and activists since coming to power in 2012, jailing dozens, in what rights groups say is a coordinated attempt to quash dissent in China. New internet measures include rules that hold users accountable for critical posts even in private group chats and a renewed crackdown on technologies to circumvent restrictions.  Kit Chan, director of the Hong Kong-based China Human Rights Lawyers Concern Group, said that some recent detentions of activists represent a new direction in the crackdown as it shows the authorities are targeting smaller groups that draw attention to specific rights issues as much as their traditional focus on pro-democracy activists. Zhen Jianghua, for example, the founder of Human Rights Campaign in China, a grassroots organization based in the southern province of Guangzhou, was detained on Sept 1 in Zhuhai, a source close to Zhen who declined to be named told Reuters. The ministry of public security did not respond to a faxed request for comment about the targeting of grassroots organizations. A person who answered the phone at the Zhuhai public security bureau said she was not aware of Zhen s case. ",1
16800,Indonesia demands answers after military chief denied U.S. entry,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia intends to send a diplomatic note to the U.S. secretary of state and summon Washington s deputy ambassador in Jakarta to explain why the head of its military was denied entry to the United States, Indonesian officials said on Sunday. Armed Forces Commander General Gatot Nurmantyo was about to board a flight on Saturday when the airline informed him that the U.S. Customs and Border Protection had denied him entry, military spokesman Wuryanto told a news conference in Jakarta. Nurmantyo was going to the United States at the invitation of General Joseph F. Dunford Jr., chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, to attend a Chiefs of Defense Conference on Countering Violent Extremism being held in Washington on Oct. 23-24, Wuryanto said. It was not clear why he was stopped from entering the United States, Wuryanto said, adding that the general did not have any problem during his visit to the United States in February 2016.  We ve asked for clarification to the U.S., to the Department of State as well as the embassy in Jakarta and until now we re still waiting for that clarification,  Indonesia s Foreign Affairs Minister Retno Marsudi told Reuters. The ministry s spokesman Arrmanatha Nasir earlier said Indonesia s embassy in Washington was to send a diplomatic note to the U.S. secretary of state demanding explanation for the incident.The ministry will also summon the U.S. deputy ambassador in Jakarta on Monday to seek explanation, Nasir said, adding that the ambassador is presently not in Indonesia. The U.S. embassy in Jakarta said in a statement it was in touch with Nurmantyo s staff to facilitate his travel, but did not explain further.  U.S. Ambassador Joseph Donovan has apologized to Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi for any inconvenience to General Gatot,  the embassy wrote.  We remain committed to our Strategic Partnership with Indonesia as a way to deliver security and prosperity to both our nations and peoples.  Nurmantyo has frequently courted controversy in Indonesia because of his actions and what analysts perceive as his political ambitions. The general promotes the notion that Indonesia is besieged by  proxy wars  involving foreign states and even a renewed communist threat. Indonesian President Joko Widodo said this month that the armed forces should stay out of politics and ensure their loyalty is only to the state and the government. Indonesia, the world s biggest Muslim-majority country, generally enjoys good ties with the United States although in the past ties between the two countries  armed forces have been strained by alleged rights abuses involving Indonesia s military. ",1
16801,Factbox: How will Spain's central government take control of Catalonia?,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government will dismiss Catalonia s secessionist leadership and force the region into a new election, it decided on Saturday, unprecedented steps it said were needed to prevent the region breaking away. Below are details of the powers the Spanish government plans to assume for a maximum six months before regional elections are held as set out in a proposal to the upper house Senate.  The measures were formulated under a constitutional provision never before invoked in Spain s 40 years of democracy. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is asking for authorization to sack the regional government including president Carles Puigdemont and his deputy Oriol Junqueras, high-profile figures in the independence drive who organized a popular vote on secession on Oct. 1 in defiance of Madrid.  Central government ministries will take over the regional administration until calling fresh elections within six months of direct rule coming into force. On Saturday, Rajoy said he wanted to convene a vote  as soon as we get back to institutional normality . The Catalan parliament will retain a representative role, but the government will operate under the supervision of bodies chosen or created for the purpose by Madrid. The new administrators will take control of the Mossos d Esquadra regional police force, which has become embroiled in the controversy over the independence bid after allegedly failing to act to stop the referendum or protect national police who were drafted in to provide extra security. The Mossos, whose chief is under investigation on suspicion of sedition, will have to act on direct orders from their new bosses. If deemed necessary, Mossos officers may be replaced by national police. The Economy Ministry has already increased its control over regional finances, to block the use of state funds to organize the secession bid, and started paying directly for essential services. Under the new proposal, Madrid keeps financial control. Widely-watched Catalan public television TV3 will come under central control. Madrid s proposal to the Senate says this will ensure the information transmitted is  true, objective and balanced, in line with political, social and cultural pluralism, and territorial balance . The Senate, where Rajoy s People s Party has a majority, will vote on the proposal on Oct. 27. The opposition Socialist and Ciudadanos parties are backing Rajoy. After the measures are approved, they can be activated immediately or put on hold to be implemented in the future. Puigdemont could call an election himself before the government s plan comes into action, in which case direct rule would likely not be implemented. ",1
16802,Catalonia's leaders fight off direct rule from Madrid,"MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia s leaders said on Saturday they would not accept direct rule imposed on the region by the Spanish government, as a political crisis that has rattled the economy and raised fears of prolonged unrest showed no signs of easing. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy announced earlier on Saturday he would invoke special constitutional powers to fire the regional government and force a new election to counter the region s move towards independence. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont, who made a symbolic declaration of independence on Oct. 10 after a referendum to secede, called Rajoy s moves the  worst attacks against the people of Catalonia  since Spain s military dictatorship. It is the first time since Spain s return to democracy that the central government has used its powers to seize control of a regional administration.  Rajoy said it was necessary to end a crisis that has fractured the country and prompted Spain to reduce growth forecasts for the euro zone s fourth-largest economy. After taking party in peaceful demonstration, Puigdemont expressed his rejection of Madrid s move, but stopped short of saying he would make good his threat to push ahead with the independence bid before direct rule takes effect.  I ask the (Catalan) parliament to meet in a plenary session during which we, the representatives of the citizens  sovereignty, will be able to decide over this attempt to liquidate our government and our democracy, and act in consequence,  Puigdemont said in a televised address. Rajoy, who acted with backing from the main opposition party in Madrid and King Felipe, needs the authorization of Spain s upper house of parliament to impose direct rule.  Our objective is to restore the law and a normal cohabitation among citizens, which has deteriorated a lot, continue with the economic recovery, which is under threat today in Catalonia, and celebrate elections in a situation of normality,  he said. The Senate vote that would give Madrid full control of Catalonia s finances, police and public media and curb the powers of the regional parliament for up to six months is scheduled for next Friday. That could give the independence movement room to maneuver. The regional parliament s speaker, Carme Forcadell, said she would not accept Madrid s move and accused Rajoy of a  coup.   Prime Minister Rajoy wants the parliament of Catalonia to stop being a democratic parliament, and we will not allow this to happen,  Forcadell said in a televised speech. The assembly is expected to decide on Monday whether to hold a session to formally proclaim the republic of Catalonia. Catalan media have said Puigdemont could dissolve the regional parliament and call elections by next Friday. Under Catalan law, those elections would take place within two months. That would enable Puigdemont to go the polls earlier than envisaged by Rajoy, who spoke of a six-month timetable, and to exploit the anti-Madrid sentiment running high in the region.     Pro-independence groups have previously mustered more than 1 million people onto the streets in protest at Madrid s refusal to negotiate a solution. Puigdemont and his cabinet colleagues joined a demonstration in Barcelona, wearing yellow ribbons in support of two senior independence campaigners who have been jailed on charges of sedition.  Freedom! Freedom!  tens of thousands of protesters chanted as they waived independence flags and signs reading  Defending our land is not a crime,  and  Let s proclaim the republic.   (Rajoy) triggering this article will not resolve anything,  said 38-year-old builder Abel Fernandez, attending the demonstration with a pro-independence flag tied around his neck.  They won t be able to keep quiet the half of Catalonia that is in favor of independence and those who favor the right to decide.      Catalan authorities said about 90 percent of those who took part in the referendum on Oct. 1 voted for independence. But only 43 percent of the electorate participated, with most opponents of secession staying at home. The independence push has met with strong opposition across the rest of Spain and divided Catalonia itself. It has also prompted hundreds of firms to move their headquarters out of the region. Rajoy on Saturday urged them to stay. His center-right People s Party (PP) government has insisted that Puigdemont has broken the law several times in pushing for independence. It received unequivocal backing from the opposition Socialist Party.  Differences with the PP on our territorial unity? None!  said Socialist leader Pedro Sanchez. Heavy-handed police tactics to shut down the referendum were condemned by human rights groups, and secessionists accused Madrid of taking  political prisoners . ",1
16803,Austria's likely next chancellor hopes to form govt. in 60 days: paper,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Austria s likely next chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, wants talks over a new government to last no more than two months, he said in a newspaper interview published in Sunday.  Austria s president on Friday gave the green light to conservative leader Kurz, whose People s Party (OVP) secured 31.5 percent of the vote in last week s parliamentary election, to form a government.  The Austrians expect that there is quickly a strong and stable government which takes up work,  Kurz was quoted as saying by Austria s Kronen Zeitung.  That means that negotiations should be concluded in less than 60 days.  Kurz campaigned on a platform that combined a hard line on immigration similar to that of the far-right Freedom Party (FPO) with traditional conservative principles like slimming down the state and cutting taxes. To form his coalition, only two of Austria s parliamentary parties, the Social Democrats (SPO) and FPO, have enough seats to give Kurz a majority if they go into coalition with the OVP. Kurz is currently holding an initial round of discussions with the leaders of all parties in parliament, the last of which is his meeting with outgoing Chancellor Christian Kern, the head of the Social Democrats, later on Sunday.  In a separate interview with tabloid Oesterreich, Kurz said his party has common ground with the FPO and that he had already held constructive talks with FPO leader Heinz-Christian Strache.  In the conversation with Heinz-Christian Strache, I also had the impression that he has a strong willingness to effect change and creative drive,  Kurz was quoted as saying by OE24.   But now I will conclude these talks on Sunday, and then take up coalition negotiations with a partner.  ",1
16804,U.S.-backed militias seize key oil field in east Syria: SDF,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias said they captured Syria s largest oil field on Sunday, pressing their assault against Islamic State in the east of the country. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) said they took al-Omar field on the eastern bank of the Euphrates river in the early hours.  Our forces managed to liberate the fields without notable damages,  said Lilwa al-Abdallah, spokeswoman for the offensive in Deir al-Zor province.  The jihadists holed up in buildings in a nearby district, where the SDF was trying to hunt them down, she said.  With U.S.-led jets and special forces, the SDF has been battling in Deir al-Zor bordering Iraq. The alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias has focused on territory east of the river, which bisects the oil-rich province.  The Syrian army, with Russian air power and Iran-backed militias, has been waging its own separate offensive against Islamic State, mostly to the west of the river.  The U.S.-led coalition and the Russian military have been holding deconfliction meetings - to prevent clashes between planes and troops - though the two offensives have sometimes come into conflict. Islamic State has lost vast territory across Syria, and has now come under attack in its last footholds in a strip of the Euphrates valley and the desert in Deir al-Zor. The SDF declared victory over the jihadists in their former headquarters in Raqqa city this week. SDF fighters would now move to the frontlines in Deir al-Zor, speeding up the battle in eastern Syria. Last month, the Kurdish-led militias captured a major natural gas field upstream of Sunday s advance. Al-Omar oil field lies some 10 km (6.21 miles) north of the town of al-Mayadin, which government troops and their allies took earlier this month. The town had turned into a major base for Islamic State militants after the U.S.-backed offensive drove them out of Raqqa. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Islamic State fighters who had withdrawn from the oil field mounted a counter-attack overnight against government forces. The militants made some gains around al-Mayadin, the Britain-based monitor said.  But a Syrian military source denied this, saying there was no significant attack and fighting raged on at the same pace.  Any attack by the Islamic State militants there was a  desperate attempt , the source said.  The Syrian Arab Army is attacking, hitting Daesh positions...and advancing,  the source said, using the Arabic acronym for Islamic State. ",1
16805,Russia accuses U.S.-led coalition of 'barbaric' bombing of Syria's Raqqa,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia accused the U.S.-led coalition in Syria on Sunday of wiping the city of Raqqa  off the face of the earth  with carpet bombing in the same way the United States and Britain had bombed Germany s Dresden in 1945. The Russian Defence Ministry, which has itself repeatedly been forced to deny accusations from activists and Western politicians of bombing Syrian civilians, said it looked like the West was now rushing to provide financial aid to Raqqa to cover up evidence of its own crimes. Major-General Igor Konashenkov, a spokesman for the Defence Ministry, said in a statement that around 200,000 people had lived in Raqqa before the conflict in Syria, but that not more than 45,000 people remained. U.S.-backed militias in Syria declared victory over Islamic State in Raqqa, the group s capital, last week, raising flags over the last jihadist footholds after a four-month battle.  Raqqa has inherited the fate of Dresden in 1945, wiped off the face of the earth by Anglo-American bombardments,  said Konashenkov. Most of the German city was destroyed in Allied bombing raids just before the end of World War Two. Though he said Russia welcomed Western promises of financial aid to rebuild Raqqa, Konashenkov complained that numerous Russian requests for the West to give humanitarian aid to Syrian civilians in other parts of the country had been rejected in previous years.   What is behind the rush by Western capitals to provide targeted financial help only to Raqqa?,  said Konashenkov.  There s only one explanation - the desire to cover up evidence of the barbaric bombardments by the U.S. air force and the coalition as fast as possible and to bury the thousands of civilians  liberated  from Islamic State in the ruins.  The U.S.-led coalition says it is careful to avoid civilian casualties in its bombing runs against Islamic State in both Syria and Iraq, and investigates any allegations. It has previously denied killing civilians in air strikes on Raqqa, saying its goal is  zero civilian casualties.  ",1
16806,Polls open as Slovenian president runs for his second mandate,"LJUBLJANA (Reuters) - Polls opened in the Slovenian presidential election on Sunday  with incumbent President Borut Pahor running for his second five-year mandate against eight other candidates. Opinion polls had shown that Pahor, who is running as an independent and says his main task is bringing people together, will win most votes but the question remains whether there will be a need for a second election round. If no candidate wins at least 50 percent of votes in the first round, the two candidates with the most votes will compete in a second round on Nov. 12.  Apart from Pahor, the most likely candidate to get into the second round is the mayor of Kamnik Marjan Sarec, who is backed by his own non-parliamentary center-left party Lista Marjana Sarca, opinion polls showed.     A lot will depend upon turnout, upon whether young people will come to vote. In this case Pahor would benefit as he is the king of the Instagram and is therefore more likely to get votes of the young,  Tanja Staric, an analyst at Radio Slovenia, told Reuters. Pahor, 53, who is a former fashion model, is famous for posting his photos on Instagram showing him in his official duties but also in various sports activities. His campaign included 25 days of walking totaling some 700 kilometers (435 miles) between Slovenian cities and villages to meet local people.  He is a former long-time leader of the center-left Social Democrats and had been Slovenian prime minister from 2008 to 2012, in the years which led to the worst financial crisis in Slovenia s history. The country managed to only narrowly avoid an international bailout for its banks in 2013. Although the role is mostly ceremonial, the president leads the army and also nominates several top officials, including the central bank governor. Most of his nominations have to be confirmed by parliament. The election is seen as a possible indication of parties  support before general elections due in June or July next year. Polls are due to close at 1700 GMT with preliminary results expected around 1900 GMT. ",1
16807,Roadside bomb kills seven outside Somali capital Mogadishu,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - A roadside bomb killed at least seven people on Sunday - mostly women farmers - in an area outside the Somali capital dominated by Islamist insurgents who have defied public protests to end years of violence, residents and the army said. A truck bombing in Mogadishu last weekend killed at least 358 people, with 56 people still missing. Almost all of the dead were civilians and the attack triggered angry demonstrations in the capital.  Sunday s bombing hit a minibus in Daniga village about 40 km (25 miles) to the northwest of Mogadishu.   We heard a huge crash today and we went to the scene, we saw a ruined minibus and at least seven dead bodies, mostly women. We could not identify some people, they were just pieces of human flesh,  farmer Nur Abdullahi told Reuters by phone. The area of the bombing is close to areas held by al Shabaab, the al Qaeda-linked insurgents who want to overthrow the weak U.N.-backed government and impose strict Islamic law.   We are scared,  Abdullahi said  Hundreds of masked militants are everywhere and we anticipate the government will attack here. They also planted mines everywhere and today we pack our clothes to flee.  An army officer said the death toll might be higher.  We know the minibus left Afgooye (town) this morning and it was carrying farmers, mostly women,  said Captain Isa Osman of the Somali National Army.   It was carrying more than 10 people. We cannot get many details because the area is not controlled by government.  After last Saturday s attack, the government promised new offensives against the insurgency.  Somalia has been riven by civil war since 1991, when clan warlords overthrew a dictator then turned on each other.  ",1
16808,"Exclusive: Returning Rohingya may lose land, crops under Myanmar plans","SITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Rohingya Muslims who return to Myanmar after fleeing to Bangladesh are unlikely to be able to reclaim their land, and may find their crops have been harvested and sold by the government, according to officials and plans seen by Reuters. Nearly 600,000 Rohingya have crossed the border since Aug. 25, when coordinated Rohingya insurgent attacks on security posts sparked a ferocious counteroffensive by the Myanmar army. The United Nations says killings, arson and rape carried out by troops and ethnic Rakhine Buddhist mobs since late August amount to a campaign of ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya. Civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi, who has no control over the military, has pledged that anyone sheltering in Bangladesh who can prove they were Myanmar residents can return. Reuters has interviewed six Myanmar officials involved with repatriation and resettlement plans. While the plans are not yet finalised, their comments reflect the government s thinking on how Suu Kyi s repatriation pledge will be implemented. Jamil Ahmed, who spoke to Reuters at a refugee camp in Bangladesh, is one of many Rohingya who hope to go back. Describing how he fled his home in northern Rakhine state in late August, Ahmed said one of the few things he grabbed was a stack of papers - land contracts and receipts - that might prove ownership of the fields and crops he was leaving behind.  I didn t carry any ornaments or jewels,  said the 35-year-old.  I ve only got these documents. In Myanmar, you need to present documents to prove everything.  The stack of papers, browning and torn at the edges, may not be enough, however, to regain the land in Kyauk Pan Du village, where he grew potatoes, chilli plants, almonds and rice.  It depends on them. There is no land ownership for those who don t have citizenship,  said Kyaw Lwin, agriculture minister in Rakhine state, when asked in an interview whether refugees who returned to Myanmar could reclaim land and crops. Despite his land holdings, Myanmar does not recognize Ahmed as a citizen. Nearly all the more than 1 million Rohingya who lived in Myanmar before the recent exodus are stateless, despite many tracing their families in the country for generations. Officials have made plans to harvest, and possibly sell, thousands of acres of crops left behind by the fleeing Rohingya, according to state government documents reviewed by Reuters. Myanmar also intends to settle most refugees who return to Rakhine state in new  model villages , rather than on the land they previously occupied, an approach criticized in the past by the United Nations as effectively creating permanent camps. The government has not asked for help from any international agencies, who are calling for any repatriation to be voluntary and to the refugees  place of origin. The exodus of 589,000 Rohingya - and about 30,000 non-Muslims - from the conflict zone in northern Rakhine has left some 71,500 acres of planted rice paddy abandoned and in need of harvesting by January, according to plans drawn up by state officials. Tables in the documents, reviewed by Reuters, divide the land into paddy sown by  national races  - meaning Myanmar citizens - or  Bengalis,  a term widely used in Myanmar to refer to the Rohingya, but which they reject as implying they are illegal migrants from Bangladesh. Kyaw Lwin, the state minister, confirmed the plans, and said there was a total of 45,000 acres of  ownerless Bengali land . Two dozen combine harvesters operated by officials from the agriculture ministry will begin cutting stalks this month in areas under military control. The machines will be able to harvest about 14,400 acres according to official calculations contained in the plans. It is unclear what will become of the remaining crop, but officials told Reuters they would try to harvest all the paddy, recruiting additional labor to harvest manually if necessary. An acre of paddy in Myanmar typically makes more than $300 at market, meaning the state will gain millions of dollars worth of rice. The harvested rice will be transported to government stores, where it would either be donated to those displaced by the conflict or sold, Rakhine state secretary Tin Maung Swe told Reuters by phone.  The land was abandoned. There is no one to reap that, so the government ordered to harvest it,  he said. Human Rights Watch (HRW) deputy Asia director Phil Robertson, said the government should at least guarantee that the rice would be used for humanitarian support and not for profit.  You can t call a rice crop  ownerless  just because you used violence and arson to drive the owners out of the country,  he said. Many refugees are fearful to return and are skeptical of Myanmar s guarantees. Those who do decide to cross back into Myanmar will first be received at one of two centers, according to government plans reviewed by Reuters, before mostly being relocated to model villages. International donors, who have fed and cared for more than 120,000 mostly Rohingya  internally displaced persons  (IDPs) in supposedly temporary camps in Rakhine since violence in 2012, have told Myanmar that they will not support more camps, according to aid workers and diplomats.  The establishment of new temporary camps or camp-like settlements carries many risks, including that the returnees and IDPs could end up being confined to these camps for a long time,  said U.N. spokesman Stanislav Saling in an emailed response. Satellite imagery shows 288 villages, mostly Rohingya settlements, have been fully or partially razed by fires since Aug. 25, according to HRW.  Refugees say the army and Buddhist mobs were responsible for most of the arson. The government says Rohingya militants and even residents themselves burned the homes for propaganda. The hamlets where Rohingya farmers lived were  not systematic , and so should be rebuilt in smaller settlements of 1,000 households set out in straight rows to enable development, said Soe Aung, permanent secretary at the Ministry of Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement.  In some villages there are three houses here, four houses over there. For example, there s no road for fire engines when fire burns the villages,  Soe Aung said. Those who decide to cross back into Myanmar will first be received at one of two centers, according to government plans reviewed by Reuters. At the centers, officials said, the returnees will fill out a 16-point form that will be cross-checked with local authorities  records. Immigration officials have for years visited Rohingya households at least annually for checks, photographing family members. For refugees who lost all their documents, the government would compare their photos to those that immigration authorities have on file, said Myint Kyaing, the permanent secretary at the Ministry of Labour, Immigration and Population. Officials will accept as evidence  national verification  cards handed out in an ongoing government effort to register Rohingya that falls short of offering them citizenship. The card has been widely rejected by Rohingya community leaders, who say they treat life-long residents like new immigrants.  We are not going to go back like this,  said Mushtaq Ahmed, 57, a farmer from Myin Hlut village now living in the Tenkhali refugee camp in Bangladesh, where Jamil Ahmed is also staying.  If I can go back to my house, and get my land back, only then I will go. We invested all our money into those paddy fields. They are killing so many of us with swords and bullets, and killing the rest of us like this.  ",1
16809,Thailand rehearses lavish $90 million funeral for late king,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Drums and a band played as officials in black tops and ancient costumes rehearsed on Saturday for the funeral procession of Thailand s late King Bhumibol Adulyadej, whose cremation next week is expected to be attended by a quarter of a million mourners. Some held a mock-up of a golden urn that had held the remains of dead kings in the past. In the present, the king s body is placed in a coffin but the urn is still used to represent the monarch s remains. The procession rehearsal, which was expected to take up to five hours, passed crowds of black-clad mourners in Bangkok s historic quarter.  Some were visibly moved by the proceedings. Others held gold-framed portraits of the late king. The military government has set 3 billion baht ($90 million) aside for the lavish funeral. Preparations took almost a year to complete, with thousands of artisans working to create an elaborate structure of gold-tipped Thai pavilions in a square in front of the glittering Grand Palace. King Bhumibol, who died on Oct. 13 last year at the age of 87, ruled Thailand for seven decades and is credited by some as having revived the prestige of the monarchy. A revival in the monarchy s popularity was helped by a formidable public relations machine  - the evening news in Thailand includes a daily segment dedicated to the royals and the late king was often featured in his younger days crisscrossing the country to meet the poor and disenfranchised. That public relations drive helped to enshrine the king s status as a demi-god among some of his 68 million subjects. The five-day funeral will be attended by dozens of heads of state including King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck of Bhutan and Japan s Prince Akishino and Princess Kiko, among others. The post-funeral period could be one of uncertainty for many Thais, say analysts, who point to the king s role over the years as a moral compass and arbiter during decades of political upheaval. His only son King Maha Vajiralongkorn formally ascended the throne last year but his coronation will not take place until after his father s funeral. The king s cremation will take place on Oct. 26.  The day has been a declared a national holiday and many businesses have announced they will shut all day or close at midday. More than 10,000 7-Eleven convenience stores across the country, a staple for many Thais, will be shut on the day. ",1
16810,Spain hopes Catalans disregard instruction from regional leaders: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Spanish Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis said on Sunday he hoped that people in Catalonia would disregard any instruction from the regional leadership if Spain moves to suspend the region s autonomy.  All the government is trying to do, and reluctantly, is to reinstate the legal order, to restore the constitution but also the Catalan rules and proceed from there,  he told the BBC s Andrew Marr Show.  We are going to establish the authorities who are going to rule the day-to-day affairs of Catalonia according to the Catalan laws and norms ... I hope everyone will disregard whatever instructions they will be planning to give because they will not have the legal authority to do that.  ",1
16811,Death toll from Malaysia construction site landslide at 11,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Eleven foreign workers were killed in a landslide at a construction site in northwest Malaysia on Saturday, authorities said. Earlier estimates had put the George Town death toll at 14, but three workers had managed to escape, said Ervin Galen Teruki, deputy operations head of the Fire and Rescue Department in Penang state.     A seventh body was found on Sunday morning. Fire officials earlier identified the victims as foreign workers from Indonesia, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Pakistan. The construction site supervisor, a Malaysian, remains missing. The landslide occured on Saturday morning at a site where two 49-storey condominium towers are being built. The cause has yet to be determined. A stop-work order had been issued for the development, pending investigations, according to the Penang Island city council mayor Maimunah Mohammad Sharif.  Several residential and commercial towers are still under construction in the area. Local media reported anger among residents and activists, some of who said they had previously protested against the increasing development of hillslopes around the area. ",1
16812,South Korea's president says will continue phasing out nuclear power,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s President Moon Jae-in said on Sunday the government will continue to phase out nuclear-generated electricity, following a public opinion survey that dealt a blow to his plans to do so.  We will completely stop all plans for the construction of new nuclear reactors like the government previously stated,  Moon said in a statement distributed to reporters by his office.  The government will also step up usage of natural gas and renewables in order to maintain its stance of phasing out nuclear-generated power.  Moon s statement came after a public opinion survey on Friday found a majority of almost 60 percent in favor of resuming the stalled construction of two reactors. The president asked his supporters on Sunday to respect the outcome of the survey, which he called a  wise and intelligent  response.   Completing the two reactors could mean a reversal of a strategy to slowly reduce nuclear energy s share of the power mix, and also significantly eat into the liquefied natural gas (LNG) demand of the world s second-largest consumer of the fuel. With the two reactors set to be completed in October 2021 and October 2022, according to state-run nuclear operator Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power, Moon said safety standards for nuclear plants would be ramped up. Moon also reiterated his plan to shut down the Wolsong No. 1 nuclear reactor, the nation s second-oldest, once the government confirms stability in energy supplies. The 697-megawatt reactor in southeastern South Korea was taken offline in 2012 after reaching its 30-year lifespan, but the regulator approved a restart a few years ago until 2022. South Korea has 24 nuclear reactors, supplying a third of its electricity. ",1
16813,Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter says would travel to North Korea: NYT,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter said he would be willing to travel to North Korea on behalf of the Trump administration to help diffuse rising tensions, The New York Times reported on its website on Sunday.  I would go, yes,  Carter, 93, told the Times when he was asked in an interview at his ranch house in Plains, Georgia whether it was time for another diplomatic mission and whether he would do so for President Trump. Carter, a Democrat who was president from 1977 to 1981, said he had spoken to Trump s National Security Adviser Lt.-Gen. H. R. McMaster, who is a friend, but so far has gotten a negative response.  I told him that I was available if they ever need me,  the Times quoted Carter as saying. Told that some in Washington were made nervous by Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s war of words, Carter said  I m afraid, too, of a situation.   They want to save their regime. And we greatly overestimate China s influence on North Korea. Particularly to Kim,  who, Carter added, has  never, so far as I know, been to China. And they have no relationship. Kim Jong-il did go to China and was very close to them.  Describing the North Korean leader as  unpredictable,  Carter worried that if Kim thinks Trump will act against him, he could do something pre-emptive, the Times reported.  I think he s now got advanced nuclear weaponry that can destroy the Korean Peninsula and Japan, and some of our outlying territories in the Pacific, maybe even our mainland,  Carter said. In the mid 1990s,  Carter traveled to Pyongyang over the objections of President Bill Clinton, the Times report said, and struck a deal with Kim Il Sung, grandfather of the current leader. ",1
16814,"Four dead from landslide at Malaysia construction site, victim search to continue","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Four foreign workers were killed and 10 others are missing after a landslide at a construction site in George Town, capital of the northwest Malaysian state of Penang, authorities said. The bodies of three Bangladeshis and one unidentified person were found in the debris, officials said late on Saturday. Two workers escaped with light injuries.  Now the problem we are facing is we need to excavate a 35-metre heap of earth. We have deployed a K9 (canine) unit with three dogs to search for victims,  Penang fire and rescue department director Saadon Mokhtar said earlier during the rescue operations. Those trapped were identified as foreign workers from Indonesia and Bangladesh, including one Rohingya and one Pakistani, fire officials said in an update of the search. One Malaysian, the construction site supervisor, was believed to be buried as well. The landslide occurred at a construction site, where two 49-storey condominium towers are being built. The cause has yet to be determined. Search for the other victims will continue on Sunday as night falls. ",1
16815,Australia to tighten airport security further after foiled attack,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia will introduce random searches of workers entering and inside its airports as it increases security after a recent foiled terrorism plot, officials said.  These measures strengthen existing controls to ensure airport workers are authorized, properly identified and appropriately trained before entering secure airside areas,   Minister for Infrastructure and Transport Darren Chester said in a statement Sunday.   They may also be subject to security screening in the course of their duties.  Airport security was tightened in July after police foiled  Islamic-inspired  plans for a bomb attack on an Emirates flight from Sydney.  Police said they arrested four men in city-wide raids on July 28 after one of them days earlier had allegedly tried to bring an improvised explosive device on to a flight. The device was not allowed aboard as it exceeded the baggage weight limit.   Extra screening of hand and checked luggage since the incident has led to some travel delays around the country.  Some of the measures will be obvious to the public, some will not be,  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said at the time.  The Council of Australian Governments earlier this month signed off on a facial biometric agreement to give state and federal police real-time access to passport, visa, citizenship and driver s license images for criminal investigations including those involving suspected terrorists. The prime minister denied the agreement was  Big Brother -style mass surveillance, but the  logical next step .  The alternative is to not use the data at all,  he told the ABC s AM program.   The infrastructure minister s office did not respond Sunday when asked when the latest measures would take effect, but said they would be rolled out to  provide flexibility for airports to ensure continue to function efficiently and effectively . ",1
16816,UK PM May readying concessions on welfare reform - Sunday Telegraph,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May is on the verge of making concessions around a key welfare reform that has angered opposition parties as well as members of her own Conservatives, the Sunday Telegraph reported. The government has signaled that it is looking at ways to reduce the waiting time for payments from its new Universal Credit benefits system from six weeks, the newspaper said on Saturday, without citing sources. Last week some lawmakers from May s own party vented their dismay over the government s handling of Universal Credit, which is designed to simplify payments to claimants by consolidating six different types of state benefits into one. The policy was first implemented for a small number of claimants in 2013 under May s predecessor David Cameron, but the expansion of the program has been beset by long delays and criticism that it risks harming vulnerable citizens. Last week the opposition Labour Party won a symbolic vote on a motion calling for the welfare plan to be paused, but May s party avoided a full-blown public rebellion by ordering its lawmakers to abstain, thereby masking the extent of internal unrest. May leads a minority government, propped up by a small Northern Irish party, faced with the task of delivering a smooth departure from the European Union - something which requires a deeply split parliament to approve large amounts of new legislation. Separately, the Independent reported that the government has told energy investors a proposal to cap energy bills could be ditched if it feels that major power companies are doing enough to limit high bills, citing civil servants. May s office was not immediately available for comment on either story. ",1
16817,"Czech vote winner Babis wants active EU role, not favoring government with extremists","PRAGUE (Reuters) - The Czech Republic must seek partners beyond the central European Visegrad Group to find common ground on issues including migration and food quality, Czech parliamentary election winner Andrej Babis told Reuters. He said the country needs to seek an active role in the European Union and look for allies for a common goal of halting illegal migration. The billionaire businessman, who won 29.6 percent of the vote in this weekend s election, is against deeper EU integration and adoption of the euro, and has raised concerns he may join Poland or Hungary on a collision course with the EU. But he insisted on Saturday that the ANO party which he leads was pro-European and ready to take on an active role in the EU.  We have to prepare topics, propose to the European Council (of EU leaders) what we want to change. Double food quality, solution to migration, the fight against migration and other issues,  Babis told Reuters in a brief interview at ANO headquarters after the election results were counted.  We certainly have an ally in Austria, Mr Kurz, who has the same view as we do on migration,  he said, referring to Austrian conservative election victor Sebastian Kurz.  The Visegrad group must find other allies, we need Austria and other countries, in the Balkans, or Slovenia, Croatia and perhaps others,  Babis added. ANO won 78 seats in the 200-seat lower house and will need partners to form a majority. Several parties have however rejected joining an ANO-led government because they say Babis poses a threat to democracy due to his accumulation of business and political power. Some said they could not join a cabinet led by Babis personally because he faces fraud charges over a 2-million-euro subsidy a decade ago. He denies wrongdoing.    This has led to the possibility that, failing other options, Babis may form a government which would depend on parliamentary support from the Communist Party or the far-right, anti-EU Freedom and Direct Democracy party. Babis said this was something he did not want to do.  I do not want to cooperate with them,  he told Reuters.  We have invited everyone for talks. We want to hear all arguments at a table; the arguments they have (mainstream parties against joining a coalition) ... they don t need to worry when they come with us.  ",1
16818,"Portuguese protest over deadly forest fires, government pledges aid","LISBON (Reuters) - As thousands of Portuguese protested on Saturday over the government s  handling of massive wildfires that have killed 108 people since June, government ministers pledged to spend over 400 million euros ($470 million) in aid. The decision, announced during a special cabinet meeting which continued into the night, came on the same day as a new interior minister took over after his predecessor resigned, and ahead of Tuesday s parliamentary vote on a motion of no-confidence launched by the opposition. Earlier thousands of protesters gathered on Lisbon s main Comercio square, in Porto and other cities to mourn the victims of the Portugal s worst tragedy in living memory and demand better fire prevention policies in the country, which despite its relatively small size has suffered the largest forest fires in Europe this year.  Enough! Too many deaths, too much destruction!  read many slogans. A few called for the government s resignation. The cabinet considered a detailed report by independent experts on the first wave of forest fires in June when 64 people died in central Portugal, and the first official accounts of the more widespread fires on Oct. 15-16, which killed 44. The main report pointed to failures on practically every level from fire prevention and monitoring during an unusually hot and dry summer to civil protection response, emergency communications and the alerting of the population. The government decided on Saturday to hire hundreds of forest sappers to maintain forests and to prevent fires, ordered a major clean-up of safety strips along motorways and railroads and promised to support the collection of forest waste for biorefineries. The state will also take a sizeable stake in the emergency communications network SIRESP, whose equipment failed on many occasions during the fires. Another likely measure would put the air force in charge of firefighting aircraft which are currently hired and managed by the civil protection service, local media said. The promised state aid for affected areas includes paying  compensation to the families who lost relatives and homes, funding for reconstruction works and support to save local jobs.   The minority Socialist government has been weakened by the public clamor, but the impact on its strong approval ratings achieved due to an improving economy has been limited so far. Also, the support of its left-wing allies in parliament means the no-confidence motion is not expected to be passed. An opinion poll by Aximage pollsters for Correio da Manha daily, which surveyed 603 people on Oct. 14-17, showed support for the Socialists had dropped by 1.1 percentage points to 41.9 percent, still far ahead of the closest rival, at 23.8 percent. ",1
16819,Gunmen kill 13 Niger gendarmes in attack near Mali border,"NIAMEY (Reuters) - Gunmen on pick-up trucks and motorcycles coming from Mali killed 13 gendarmes and wounded five more in an attack on their base in western Niger, security sources said on Saturday. The village is a few dozen kilometers (miles) from where militants killed four U.S. soldiers in an ambush on Oct. 4 that has thrown a spotlight on a U.S. counter-terrorism mission in Niger, a country that straddles an expanse of the Sahara. Niger s military officials confirmed the attack. The assailants crossed over the border from Mali and drove up to the village of Ayorou, about 40 km (25 miles) inside, before springing their attack, the security sources said.   They were heavily armed. They had rocket launchers and machine guns. They came in four vehicles each with about seven fighters,  said a security source on the scene. Reinforcements later arrived and stopped them as they tried to cross back over the border, another security source on the scene said, triggering a gun battle. They escaped into Mali and were being pursued, he added.   Land and air forces are pursuing the assailants with a view to neutralising them,  a statement from Niger s military said, confirming the death toll. In the initial attack one of the assailants was killed in an exchange of fire but others managed to make off with four Nigerien army vehicles, the first security source said. Since taking over swathes of northern Mali in 2012, and then being scattered by a French-led counter-offensive the following year, Islamist militants have established themselves in lawless spaces across the desert.  They have used these areas as a springboard for a wave of attacks that threaten to destabilize West Africa. Fighters have inflicted damage on military outposts, killed security officials and civilians, kidnapped Westerners and sometimes mounted high-profile attacks on hotels and resorts across the region, including in Burkina Faso and Ivory Coast. Several Islamist groups and well-armed ethnic militia operate in the area along the Mali-Niger border. There have been at least 46 attacks there since early last year. However, officials suspect many of them, including the ambush on the joint U.S.-Niger patrol, to be the work of the Islamic State in the Greater Sahara, led by Arabic-speaking north African militant Adnan Walid al-Sahrawi.  He has pledged allegiance to Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, although the extent of their ties are not known. No group has yet claimed responsibility for Saturday s attack, nor the one that killed the U.S. soldiers.     Responding to its ever growing militant threat, Mali on Saturday announced a year extension of a state of emergency.  I hope we won t need to continue extending the state of emergency,  Defence Minister Tiena Coulibaly told reporters.  We hope that before Oct. 31, 2018, order will be restored.    The increasingly fluid, cross-border nature of the militant threat forced the Sahel countries Mali, Niger, Chad, Mauritania and Burkina Faso to launch a joint force   known as  G5 Sahel    in July, to try better coordinate policing their deserts. But it has yet to receive a commitment to more than a fraction of the donor funding that it needs. A U.N. Security Council delegation was in Mali on Saturday to discuss the force.  This tragedy is one more element that ... underlines the urgency of a strong and determined response through the creation of the joint G5 Sahel force,  French permanent representative to the U.N. Francois Delattre told journalists during the meetings.  ",1
16820,U.N. ends month-long Libya talks in Tunisia without proposing new date,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Month-long U.N.-backed talks aimed at bridging differences between rival Libyan factions ended on Saturday with no discernable progress towards stabilizing the country and paving the way for elections.  A month ago U.N. envoy Ghassan Salame, the latest in a series of Libya envoys since a 2011 NATO-backed uprising ended Muammar Gaddafi s 42-year rule, announced a one-year action plan for a transition toward presidential and parliamentary elections. Since then the U.N. has hosted in Tunis delegations from rival parliaments from eastern Libya and Tripoli, which are meant to draw up amendments to a previous U.N.-mediated plan signed in December 2015. But at the end of a second round of talks Salame said only that discussions would continue, without giving a new date.  There are some area of consensus ... but there are parts which need discussions with the political leaderships inside Libya,  Salame told reporters, without giving details. Delegates will return to Libya on Sunday, the U.N. mission said in a statement. Salame will go to Tripoli next week to discuss how to move the talks forward, a U.N. source added. The North African country has been in turmoil since Gaddafi s downfall gave space to Islamist militants and smuggling networks that have sent hundreds of thousands of migrants to Europe. Political and military fractures have left the country mired in conflict and the OPEC member s economy in freefall. Rival parliaments and governments have vied for power. The U.N. tried a similar approach in 2015 of hosting Libyans in luxury hotels abroad but the deal never won support from the power-brokers and factions aligned with military commander Khalifa Haftar that control eastern Libya. Haftar is just one of many players in Libya controlled by armed groups divided among political, religious, regional and business lines. A U.N. source said a major obstacle at the Tunis talks had been how to integrate Haftar, who is opposed by many in western Libya, in any deal and whether he would control a future national army. Western states have tried to work with the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA) in Tripoli, but it has been hamstrung by internal splits and been unable to halt a slide in living standards or tame the power of armed groups. Under the new U.N. plan, once amendments have been agreed a national conference is meant to approve the members of a transitional government that would run the country until elections. ",1
16821,"Yemeni PM says fishermen have seized Iranian vessel, sailors","DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iranian vessel with 19 sailors on board has been seized near a Yemeni island by local fishermen, Yemen s prime minister said on Saturday. There was no immediate official Iranian reaction to the comments made by Ahmed Obeid bin Daghr on his Twitter account in which he said the ship was detained off the coast of Socotra, the largest island in an archipelago south of Yemen.  He thanked the fishermen of another island in the archipelago, Abd al-Kuri, which lies to the east of Somalia. Iran s semi-official Fars news agency said that the Yemeni government, which Tehran does not recognize, had  claimed  that an Iranian vessel with a crew of 19 had been seized on Friday. There were no further details on the ship or its cargo. Regional and Western sources have said that Iran is sending advanced weapons and military advisers to Yemen s rebel Houthi movement, stepping up support for its Shi ite ally in the country s civil war. Iran rejects accusations from Saudi Arabia that it is giving financial and military support to the Houthis, blaming the crisis on Riyadh. ",1
16822,"Billionaire Babis scores big Czech election win, seeks partners to rule","PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech billionaire Andrej Babis won a thumping victory in Saturday's election as voters shunned traditional parties and gave a mandate to the anti-establishment businessman pledging to fight political corruption while facing fraud charges himself.(For a graphic of the Czech election click tmsnrt.rs/2vO4hPW) Babis s ANO movement got 29.6 percent of the vote, nearly three times as much as anyone else in an election that saw a record nine parties secure seats in parliament s lower house. He now faces the tricky task of finding willing government partners ready to overlook his legal troubles and domineering manner. ANO is the first party to break a quarter century of dominance by two mainstream centre-right and centre-left parties, highlighting a shift in Europe where a refugee crisis has helped the rise of protest groups. Babis has promised to bring his business expertise to government. He pledges to resist deeper integration of the European Union and any efforts in Brussels to force the country of 10.6 million to take in refugees. The dramatic power shift comes as the Czech Republic has enjoyed rapid economic growth, a balanced budget and the lowest unemployment in the EU. Wages are growing at their fastest rate in a decade. But unlike ANO, the Social Democrats   who led a government with ANO and another partner since 2014   failed to capitalise on that, and had their worst showing, at 7.3 percent, since the country peacefully split from Slovakia in 1993. Two other protest movements   the Pirate party courting unhappy liberals and the far-right, anti-EU SPD    surged to almost 11 percent each, making them, respectively, the third and fourth largest parliamentary players. Babis faces tough negotiations after former partners the Social Democrats and centrist Christian Democrats both said on Saturday they could not be in a cabinet with anyone under police investigation. The runner-up centre-right Civic Democrats also ruled out a government with ANO as well as two other small factions.  Babis was undeterred and said he would talk to all parties.  I believe we will build a government that will be one team,  Babis told supporters and journalists at his party s headquarters.  We want to fulfil our programme for a better life in our country.    Drawing comparisons with U.S. President Donald Trump for his business background and anti-establishment message, Babis has maintained his popularity despite charges he illegally received a 2 million euro EU subsidy when he ran his food, agriculture and chemical empire, worth an estimated $4 billion, before entering politics. He has denied wrongdoing and has also fought back against rivals questioning his past business practices and accusations of conflicts of interest.  His holdings, including interests in national newspapers and a radio station, were placed in a trust earlier this year. Babis s tough EU line and refusal to adopt the euro until the currency zone reforms have played well with eurosceptic Czechs but raised the prospect he may join Hungary and Poland on a collision course with the bloc. But he also supports EU membership and does not share the relatively illiberal ideology of Budapest and Warsaw.   On Saturday, he said his party was pro-European despite reservations about talk of a two-speed Europe that could sideline countries like the Czech Republic which are not using the euro.  It is not true that we are any threat. We are pro-European!  Babis said.  I am ready to fight for our interests in Brussels.  At home, he has promised to use growth of over 3 percent to cut sales tax, lower income tax for most workers and ease the burden on companies. He pledges to build more highways in the next four years than what was completed in the past decade.  Whether he can find support for this programme is still a question. If coalition talks with mainstream parties fail, there is also the possibility ANO will form a cabinet with backing from the Communists or the far-right SPD.  President Milos Zeman has said he would allow a month for negotiations before calling a new parliament, the trigger for the current administration to depart.  He told online news website parlamentnilisty.cz he would not object to Babis forming a government even while facing police charges. He also said he would have no objections to talks involving SPD or the Communists. ",1
16823,Far-right scores surprise success in Czech election,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - A far-right party whose leader wants to quit the EU and urged Czechs to walk pigs near mosques and stop eating kebabs, performed surprisingly well in an election, potentially giving it a chance to influence how the next government is formed. The Freedom and Direct Democracy (SPD) party rode a wave of far-right sentiment in Europe in an election that ravaged the more established political parties and looked set to hand power to maverick tycoon Andrej Babis. The SPD was set up in 2015 by Tomio Okamura, a half-Japanese entrepreneur who made his name by creating an off-beat travel agency for cuddly toys before entering politics.  We want to stop any Islamisation of the Czech Republic, we push for zero tolerance of migration,  Okamura told reporters after his party won just under 10.7 percent of the vote, almost neck-and-neck with two other parties who were runners-up to Babis s ANO party. Okamura was first elected to the lower house for the Dawn party, which fought to install direct voting for most political posts and won 6.9 percent in the 2013 election, He was later ousted in a spat over irregularities in party finances. This time around, Okamura pounced on anti-foreigner feeling that has soared in the nation of 10.6 million, despite record-low unemployment, growing wages and relatively little immigration.   I voted for SPD because their opinions are close to mine, I am also against migrants arriving here,  said Pavel, an unemployed worker, leaving a polling station in Prague.  Okamura has also played on euroscepticism among many voters and attacked the Roma minority.  The European Union can t be reformed. It only dictates to us. We refuse the multicultural European superstate. Let s leave the EU,  Okamura said at a party leaders  debate just before polls opened on Friday. Born to a Czech mother and Japanese father, Okamura grew up in both the Czech Republic and Japan. He later sold popcorn at cinemas in Japan and ran a travel agency which took clients  plush toys around the sights of the Czech Republic. He was not always on the extreme right. Political analysts say he began courting voters with more hardline views after forming the SPD in 2015. In 2011, Okamura was on a jury at the Miss Expat beauty pageant, featuring immigrants to the country. Two years later he posted a picture of his Czech girlfriend wearing Islamic dress to enter a mosque in London as he praised the assistance she received there, calling it a  fine experience .   When he (Okamura) established his first party, he based it on direct democracy and punishment for bad politicians. Only after his ousting did he add the cheapest thing, the  virtual threat  of migration,  said Pavel Saradin, political science lecturer at the Palacky University in Olomouc. Saradin called the threat  virtual  as the Czech Republic was bypassed by the immigration wave seen elsewhere in Europe in the last two years and has only a tiny Muslim minority.  But the anti-immigrant message Okamura seized on has had wider backing in the Czech society, with all major political parties rejecting a quota system for redistributing migrants that have arrived in the European Union.  President Milos Zeman, formerly leader of the pro-European center-left Social Democrats, shared the podium with far-right anti-immigration activists during the 2015 celebrations of the country s democratic revolution. This weekend s election winner Babis, himself a rich businessman, will need partners to form a government.  Given that he faces fraud charges   which he says are trumped-up   several mainstream parties have already rejected being in government with him. This could potentially make an opening for the SPD which could supply its votes to back Babis s administration in return for policy concessions.  ",1
16824,"Catalonia cannot accept 'illegal' control from Madrid, says regional leader","MADRID (Reuters) - The people of Catalonia cannot accept the  illegal  measures taken by the Spanish government to rule the region directly from Madrid, Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont said on Saturday, as he called on the regional parliament to act against them. Puigdemont said the decision by Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to fire the regional government and force a new election, which will be effective next Friday, was  the worst attack against the institutions and the people of Catalonia since the military dictatorship of Francisco Franco.   I ask the parliament to meet in a plenary session during which we, the representatives of the citizens  sovereignty, will be able to decide over this attempt to liquidate our government and our democracy and act in consequence,  Puigdemont said in a televised speech. ",1
16825,Turkey bank regulator dismisses 'rumors' after Iran sanctions report,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s banking regulator urged the public on Saturday to ignore rumors about financial institutions, in an apparent dismissal of a report that some Turkish banks face billions of dollars of U.S. fines over alleged violations of Iran sanctions.  It has been brought to the public s attention that stories, that are rumors in nature, about our banks are not based on documents or facts, and should not be heeded,  the BDDK banking regulator said in a statement, adding that Turkey s banks were functioning well. The Haberturk newspaper on Saturday reported that six banks potentially face substantial fines, citing senior banking sources. It did not name the banks. One bank faces a penalty in excess of $5 billion, while the rest of the fines will be lower, it said. Asked to comment, a spokesman for the U.S. Treasury, which is responsible for U.S. sanctions regimes, said only:  Treasury doesn t telegraph intentions or prospective actions.   Two senior Turkish economy officials told Reuters Turkey has not received any notice from Washington about such penalties, adding that U.S. regulators would normally inform the finance ministry s financial crimes investigation board. U.S. authorities have hit global banks with billions of dollars in fines over violations of sanctions with Iran and other countries in recent years.  The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump last week adopted a harsh new approach to Iran by refusing to certify its compliance with a nuclear deal struck with the United States and five other powers including Britain, France and Germany under his predecessor Barack Obama. Trump argues the deal was too lenient and has effectively left its fate up to the U.S. Congress, which might try to modify it or bring back U.S. sanctions previously imposed on Iran. Last week, the U.S. Treasury Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence Sigal Mandelker said Trump s strategy involved placing additional sanctions on Tehran and that Washington had been  engaging our allies and partners  with the aim of denying funds to Iran s Revolutionary Guard Corps.  The Haberturk report comes as relations between Washington and Ankara, which are NATO allies, have been strained by a series of diplomatic rows, prompting both countries to cut back issuing visas to each other s citizens.  U.S. prosecutors last month charged a former Turkish economy minister and the ex-head of a state-owned bank with conspiring to violate Iran sanctions by illegally moving hundreds of millions of dollars through the U.S. financial system on Tehran s behalf. President Tayyip Erdogan has dismissed the charges as politically motivated, and tantamount to an attack on the Turkish Republic. The charges stem from the case against Reza Zarrab, a wealthy Turkish-Iranian gold trader who was arrested in the United States over sanctions evasion last year. Erdogan has said U.S. authorities had  ulterior motives  in charging Zarrab, who has pleaded not guilty. ",1
16826,"Trump: Raqqa fall 'critical breakthrough', end of Islamic State in sight","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday hailed the defeat of Islamic State fighters in their self-proclaimed capital of Raqqa  as  a critical breakthrough  in a worldwide campaign against the militants. On Friday, the Kurdish-dominated Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) formally announced Raqqa s liberation from Islamic State after four months of battles and said the city would be part of a decentralized federal Syria.  Together, our forces have liberated the entire city from ISIS control,  Trump said in a statement.    The defeat of ISIS in Raqqa represents a critical breakthrough in our worldwide campaign to defeat ISIS and its wicked ideology. With the liberation of ISIS s capital and the vast majority of its territory, the end of the ISIS caliphate is in sight.  Trump said the U.S. campaign against Islamic State, which was launched by his predecessor Barack Obama, would soon enter a new phase, in which the United States would  support local security forces, de-escalate violence across Syria, and advance the conditions for lasting peace, so that the terrorists cannot return to threaten our collective security again.   Together, with our allies and partners, we will support diplomatic negotiations that end the violence, allow refugees to return safely home, and yield a political transition that honors the will of the Syrian people,  he said. Trump s statement made no mention of the future of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. He also did not spell out how the United States would support local security forces. A White House spokesman said U.S. policy towards Assad  remains the same.  U.S. officials have said Assad has no future governing Syria and U.S. envoy to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, said last month a stable Syria was not possible while he remained in place. The fight against Islamic State has taken place amid a wider, multi-sided civil war between Assad s government, which is backed by Iran and Russia, and an array of rebel groups supported by other powers, including the United States. Experts believe the defeat of ISIS at Raqqa may only be the start of a wider struggle by the United States to contain any insurgency launched by the militant group and to stabilize the region, as Washington grapples with defining a comprehensive strategy in Syria. On Friday, French President Emmanuel Macron said France s military would continue its fight against Islamic State in Syria, but that the fall of the militant group s bastion in Raqqa needed to lead to an inclusive political system to restore stability. ",1
16827,Malta offers 1 million-euro reward to find journalist's killers,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - Malta s government said on Saturday it was offering a reward of 1 million euros ($1.2 million) for information leading to the conviction of those responsible for the death of prominent journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia.  This is a case of extraordinary importance which requires extraordinary measures,  the government said in a statement. Prime Minister Joseph Muscat had told parliament on Wednesday the government would offer a  substantial  reward to anyone with information about the crime but did not say how much would be paid. Caruana Galizia, who regularly criticized Muscat in her popular blogs, was killed on Monday by a bomb, which tore apart her car as she was driving away from her home on the southern Mediterranean island. The journalist ran a popular blog in which she relentlessly highlighted cases of alleged high-level corruption, targeting politicians from across party lines, including Muscat. On Thursday the Caruana Galizia family said they had been informed of the government s plans for a reward but they were refusing to endorse it.  We are not interested in justice without change,  Caruana Galizia s sons Matthew, Andrew and Paul said.   Justice, beyond criminal liability, will only be served when everything that our mother fought for   political accountability, integrity in public life and an open and free society   replaces the desperate situation we are in,  they said.  They also called on the prime minister to resign and said his last act before doing so should be to replace the Police Commissioner and the Attorney General for failing to act over their mother s claims of corruption.  A group of NGOs called the  Civil Society Network  is planning to hold a national protest against the killing on Sunday. ",1
16828,Spain conducting 'coup' in Catalonia: regional parliament speaker,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s decision to fire Catalonia s government and force a new election is a  coup  and an  attack against democracy , the speaker of the Catalan parliament said on Saturday.  Prime Minister Rajoy wants the parliament of Catalonia to stop being a democratic parliament, and we will not allow this to happen,  Carme Forcadell said in a televised speech.  This is why we want to send to the citizens of this country a message of firmness and hope. We commit today, after the most serious attack against the Catalan institutions since they were restored, to the defense of the sovereignty of the parliament of Catalonia,  she said.     ",1
16829,"Tillerson lands in Riyadh at start of Gulf, South Asia tour","RIYADH (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrived in Riyadh on Saturday to attend a landmark meeting between officials from Saudi Arabia and Iraq aimed at improving relations between the two countries and countering Iran s growing regional influence. The chief U.S. diplomat flew into King Salman Air Base a little more than a week after U.S. President Donald Trump unveiled a strategy to contain Iran and compel Tehran to agree to close what he charged are flaws in the multinational 2015 deal designed to prevent Iran developing nuclear weapons. Tillerson s only official meeting on Saturday was a working dinner with Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir. He was stopping in Saudi Arabia on the first leg of a six-day trip that will also take him to Qatar, Pakistan, India and Switzerland. His talks in Sunni Muslim-ruled Saudi Arabia and in Qatar were expected to be dominated by the topic of Shi ite-dominated Iran s growing regional influence. Iran-backed militias have helped turn the tide of Syria s civil war in the government s favor and they have played leading roles in Iraq s battle to recapture Islamic State s self-declared  caliphate.  This week they aided Iraqi security forces in seizing the oil-rich area of the northern city of Kirkuk as part of an effort to crush a bid for independence made by the Kurdish minority. Washington and Riyadh also allege that Iran is supporting Houthi rebels in Yemen against pro-government forces that are supported by a Saudi-led military coalition backed by the United States. Yemen s grinding civil war was expected to be high on Tillerson s agenda. On Sunday Tillerson is due to attend the inaugural session of the Saudi-Iraqi Coordination Council, a body whose creation was promoted by the Trump administration to improve relations between Saudi Arabia, Iran s main regional rival, and Iraq, whose majority Shi ite-dominated government has close ties with Tehran. During his visit Tillerson is also expected to explore the possibility of renewing a push to end a diplomatic and economic boycott of Qatar by Saudi Arabia and other U.S. Arab allies, although he has conceded he is not optimistic. In an interview on Thursday with Bloomberg, Tillerson blamed Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt for the lack of progress toward ending the four-month-old crisis. Saudi Arabia and its allies have accused Qatar of supporting hardline Islamist groups and cozying up to Iran at the region s expense. Doha denies the allegations.  It s up to the leadership of the quartet when they want to engage with Qatar because Qatar has been very clear - they are ready to engage,  said Tillerson, who forged close ties to the Gulf Arab countries in his former position as CEO of Exxon Mobil. A senior UAE official said on Saturday it was up to Qatar to end the crisis ahead of a summit of the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council in December.  The ball is in its court and it is aware of what is required of it,  Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash wrote on his Twitter account. ",1
16830,"Suicide bombers attack two Afghan mosques, at least 72 dead","KABUL (Reuters) - Suicide bombers attacked two mosques in Afghanistan on Friday, killing at least 72 people including children, officials and witnesses said. One bomber walked into a Shi ite Muslim mosque in the capital Kabul as people were praying on Friday night and detonated an explosive, one of the worshippers there, Mahmood Shah Husaini, said. At least 39 people died in the blast at the Imam Zaman mosque in the city s western Dasht-e-Barchi district, interior ministry spokesman Najib Danish said. Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the attack, but a statement from the group did not provide evidence to support its claim. Shi ite Muslims have suffered a series of attacks in Afghanistan in recent months, many of them claimed by the Sunni Muslim militants of IS. Separately, a suicide bombing killed at least 33 people at a mosque in central Ghor province, a police spokesman said. The attack appeared to target a local leader from the Jamiat political party, according to a statement from Balkh provincial governor Atta Mohammad Noor, a leading figure in Jamiat. No one immediately claimed responsibility. ",1
16831,"Ramping up rhetoric, Turkey's Erdogan chastises U.S. over democracy","ISTANBUL/ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan showed no retreat from a diplomatic row with the United States on Saturday, castigating Washington for what he said an  undemocratic  indictment against his security detail. His comments may further dash hopes of a quick resolution to an on-going diplomatic crisis between the NATO allies. Both Ankara and Washington have cut back issuing visas to each other s citizens as ties have worsened.  They say the United States is the cradle of democracy. This can t be true. This can t be democracy,  Erdogan said in a speech in Istanbul.   If arrest warrants are issued against my bodyguards in absentia ... in the United States, where I went upon invitation, excuse me but I will not say this is a civilized country.  A U.S. grand jury in August indicted 15 Turkish security officials over a brawl between protesters and Erdogan s security personnel during the Turkish president s visit to Washington in May. Erdogan has said the indictment was not binding for Ankara. The row deepened after Turkish authorities arrested two U.S. consular staff, both Turkish nationals. In May, a translator at the consulate in the southern province of Adana was arrested and two weeks ago a Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) worker was detained in Istanbul. Both are accused of links to last year  failed coup. The U.S. embassy has said the accusations are baseless. Turkish police want to question a third worker based in Istanbul. His wife and daughter were detained this month last week over alleged links to the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, blamed by Ankara for orchestrating the abortive putsch. They were later released. Turkey has been angered by what it sees as U.S. reluctance to hand over the cleric Gulen, who has lived in Pennsylvania since 1999. U.S. officials have said its courts require sufficient evidence to order his extradition. Turkey has also been enraged by Washington s support for the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia in the fight against Islamic State. Turkey regards the YPG as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK). On Saturday, the U.S. embassy issued statement reiterating its stance on the PKK and its jailed leader, Abdullah Ocalan, in an apparent response to criticism from Erdogan.  The U.S. government works together with Turkey in the fight against terrorism and maintenance of stability in the region,  it said on Twitter.  The PKK is listed among foreign terror organizations. Ocalan has been jailed in Turkey for his actions related to the PKK. He is not a person to be respected.  On Friday, Erdogan criticized the United States over a huge banner of jailed Kurdish militant leader Abdullah Ocalan unfurled in Syria s Raqqa by U.S.-backed Kurdish forces. The banner was raised at a ceremony to mark Raqqa s capture from Islamic State in a campaign spearheaded by the YPG.  How can the U.S. explain the poster of Ocalan in Raqqa? Is this the way they are cooperating with us in the struggle against terror?  Erdogan said.  You are not standing by us against terrorism.  Ocalan has been in jail in Turkey since 1999 on a treason conviction. More than 40,000 people, most of them Kurds, have died in the fighting since the PKK took up arms against the state in 1984.  The PKK is considered a terrorist organization by the United States, Turkey and the European Union. ",1
16832,Critics urge WHO to reverse choice of Mugabe as goodwill envoy,"GENEVA/LONDON (Reuters) - The World Health Organization (WHO) should overturn its decision to appoint Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe as a goodwill ambassador, global health leaders said on Saturday, describing the move as unjustifiable and wrong. Britain said Mugabe s appointment was  surprising and disappointing  and added that it risked overshadowing the WHO s global work. The United States, which has imposed sanctions on Mugabe for alleged human rights violations, said it was  disappointed.   This appointment clearly contradicts the United Nations  ideals of respect for human rights and human dignity,  a U.S. State Department spokesperson said.   This selection underscores why the United States continues to push for U.N. reform and leadership actions that uphold our shared U.N. ideals.  WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus announced the appointment at a high-level meeting on non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in Uruguay on Wednesday. The meeting was attended by Mugabe, 93. He is blamed in the West for destroying his country s economy and numerous human rights abuses during his 37 years leading the country as either president or prime minister. In a speech, Tedros praised Zimbabwe as  a country that places universal health coverage and health promotion at the center of its policies to provide health care to all . The former Ethiopian health and foreign minister, who was elected last May as WHO s first African director-general, added:  Today I am also honored to announce that President Mugabe has agreed to serve as a goodwill ambassador on NCDs for Africa to influence his peers in his region to prioritize NCDs.  But the NCD Alliance, which represents 28 international health groups seeking to combat chronic diseases, said it was  shocked and deeply concerned  to hear of the appointment, given Mugabe s  long track record of human rights violations . Jeremy Farrar, a leading global health specialist and director of the Wellcome Trust charity also said the decision was  deeply disappointing and wrong  and called on Tedros to be brave and reverse it.  Robert Mugabe fails in every way to represent the values WHO should stand for and those that Dr Tedros has stood for since becoming DG and has done over many years,  Farrar said.  Brave leaders are willing to listen, rethink and overturn bad decisions, this is one such case,  he said. WHO spokesman Christian Lindmeier said the WHO chief had made the move seeking broad support for the agency s work.   Tedros has frequently talked of his determination to build a global movement to promote high-level political leadership for health,  he said by e-mail.  Human rights activists also criticized the move.  Hillel Neuer, executive director of the Geneva-based group UN Watch described the choice by WHO, a United Nations agency as  sickening .  The government of Robert Mugabe has brutalized human rights activists, crushed democracy dissidents, and turned the breadbasket of Africa   and its health system   into a basket-case,  he said. He noted that Mugabe himself had traveled to Singapore for medical treatment three times this year rather than in his homeland. ",1
16833,Turkey bank regulator dismisses 'rumors' after Iran sanctions report,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s BDDK banking regulator urged the public on Saturday to ignore rumors about financial institutions, saying Turkey s banks were functioning well. The BDDK s statement appeared to be a response to a report by the Haberturk newspaper saying that six Turkish banks could face large fines from U.S. regulators over alleged violation of sanctions with Iran.  It has been brought to the public s attention that stories, that are rumors in nature, about our banks are not based on documents or facts, and should not heeded,  it said. ",1
16834,"Car bomb kills 15 Afghan cadets, trainers outside Kabul military school","KABUL (Reuters) - A suicide attacker rammed a car full of explosives into a bus leaving Afghanistan s top military training center in Kabul on Saturday, killing at least 15 soldiers, including cadets and their trainers, officials said. Taliban insurgents claimed responsibility for the attack, the latest in a particularly deadly week for Afghanistan s security forces. The bombing was also the second major attack in the capital Kabul in 24 hours after a suicide attack at a Shi ite mosque killed more than 50 worshippers on Friday night.  Army personnel were coming out of Marshal Fahim University when a suicide bomber in a car targeted them. Fifteen soldiers who were there for training were killed and four others were wounded,  Ministry of Defence spokesman Dawlat Wazari said. A statement from President Ashraf Ghani s office said the bus was carrying trainers and cadets from the defense university on the western outskirts of Kabul that is home to the Afghan military s officer training school and other military academies. Afghan security forces have been struggling against the Taliban since most foreign troops left at the end of 2014. U.S. President Donald Trump committed to an open-ended military training and support mission in Afghanistan in August,  despite criticism that it is no closer to peace despite billions of dollars in aid and nearly 16 years of U.S. and allied operations. Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid claimed responsibility for Saturday s car bomb in an email to reporters.  The Taliban have been waging an insurgency for a decade and a half in an attempt to overthrow the Western-backed government in Kabul and re-establish a fundamentalist Islamist regime. The insurgents now control or contest about 40 percent of Afghanistan.  Afghan security forces including police were being killed at a rate of about 600 per month in battles and targeted bombings earlier this year, according to a U.S. report. This week s toll looked to be particularly heavy for Afghan forces after attacks across the country, including Taliban fighters using captured U.S.-provided Humvee vehicles as vehicle bombs to ram into fortified compounds. On Thursday the Taliban stormed a military base in the southern province of Kandahar, killing at least 43 of the 60 soldiers manning the base, which was left in ruins. Two days earlier dozens of security personnel were killed and scores wounded in Taliban attacks on government compounds in Paktia and Ghazni provinces, with a senior provincial police commander among the dead. In addition to the Taliban, Afghanistan has in recent years seen a rise in violence claimed by fighters who have claimed loyalty to the Islamic State s Middle East-based leadership, although the movement controls little territory in Afghanistan. Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide attack in Kabul on Friday evening in which a bomber walked into a Shi ite Muslim mosque as people were praying and detonated his explosives. The toll in the attack on Imam Zaman mosque rose to 54 killed, including children, and 55 wounded, a deputy minister for religious affairs, Dai-ul Haq Abid told a news conference on Saturday. Another mosque attack on Friday killed at least 33 people in central Ghor province. ",1
16835,Israel says it will intensify response to Syrian fire,"JERUSALEM/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Five projectiles from Syria set off air raid sirens in Israeli towns on Saturday, prompting the Israeli military to say it would step up its response to stray fire from the Syrian war that has repeatedly spilled over the border. The projectiles crossed into the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights and the military said it targeted three Syrian artillery guns in response. No damage or injuries were reported in Israel. The Syrian military said it came under attack in Quneitra province, which sits near the Golan Heights territory that Israel captured from Syria in the 1967 Middle East War.   The Israeli enemy assaulted one of our military positions this morning, which led to material damages,  it said. During Syria s more than six-year-old conflict, Israel has returned fire across the border, including stray shells from fighting among Syrian combatants.  The Israeli military statement suggested it may start escalating such retaliations.  Whether errant fire or not, any future occurrences will force the Israel Defense Forces to intensify its response,  it said.  Israel  holds the Syrian regime responsible and won t tolerate any attempt to breach Israeli sovereignty,  it added. Syria s foreign ministry warned of  the grave consequences of such repeated aggressive acts  which it called a flagrant violation in a letter to the United Nations, state media said. The Syrian military said it held Israel responsible.  Israel has also carried out targeted air strikes in Syria during the war, alarmed by the expanding influence of Iran, the Syrian government s ally. The Israeli air force says it has struck arms convoys of the Syrian military and Lebanon s Iran-backed Hezbollah nearly 100 times in recent years. Iran s military chief warned Israel against breaching Syria s airspace and territory on a visit to Damascus this week. The general signed an agreement with his Syrian counterpart to further boost military cooperation, Iranian state news agency IRNA said on Saturday.  Rebel factions fighting the Damascus government in the multi-sided war hold swathes of Quneitra, while the army and allied militias control another part of the province.  Both warring Syrian sides accused each other of prompting the Israeli attack on Saturday.  The army said militants in nearby territory fired mortar rounds into the Golan Heights. A rebel official in Quneitra said pro-government fighters had been shelling insurgent-held parts of the province, when some of the shells fell on the Golan Heights. ",1
16836,Billionaire's ANO party holding big lead in Czech election: partial results,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech billionaire businessman Andrej Babis s ANO party held a 20-point lead in a parliamentary election on Saturday, with over half of all voting stations reporting results, giving his party an unassailable position in talks to form the next government. Partial results gave ANO 31.3 percent of the vote and also showed a surprise surge for the far-right, anti-EU Freedom and Direct Democracy party, which at 11.4 percent was fighting for second position with two other parties. ",1
16837,Czech billionaire' s ANO party leads election - results projection,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The ANO party of billionaire businessman Andrej Babis was seen winning a Czech parliamentary election with 29.1 percent of the vote, results projections based on 8.8 percent of voting stations reporting showed on Saturday. The projection by the Median agency showed eight parties crossing the 5 percent threshold to win parliamentary seats. The centre-right Civic Democrats were seen second with 11 percent, the projection showed.  Actual results from 10.6 percent of poling stations counted had ANO ahead at 31.8 percent. ",1
16838,German police rule out terrorism in Munich knife attack,"MUNICH (Reuters) - German police ruled out a political or religious motive behind a knife attack in the city of Munich on Saturday and said a detained man suspected of injuring eight people had mental health problems. The arrest of the suspect in his 30s brought calm back to the streets of the Bavarian capital after a tense morning. Police had asked residents to stay home until they find the attacker who had fled on a bicycle. Munich police chief Hubertus Andrae told a news conference that eight people have been lightly injured in the attack and that the suspect was known to police from previous offences, including burglary.  We have no indication of a terrorist, political, or religious motive,  Andrae said.  I assume it is to do with a psychological disorder of the perpetrator.  Police had earlier said they believe the man, who attacked people at several different locations, acted alone. His victims include a 12-year-old boy and a woman. ",1
16839,"U.N. torture watchdog ends trip to Rwanda, citing obstruction","KIGALI (Reuters) - The U.N. subcommittee on torture prevention has suspended a  visit to Rwanda, citing obstructions imposed by the government that compromised its fact-finding mission. Rwandan authorities barred the U.N. delegation from accessing some detention sites and made it impossible for them to conduct  private and confidential interviews , a statement from the U.N. body published on Friday said.  The body said it was only the third time in 10 years it had suspended a mission. It called on Rwanda to cooperate with the body and  abide by its international obligations . The incident further mars the human rights record of the government led by President Paul Kagame, which faces mounting criticism for what human rights groups say are widespread abuses, a muzzling of independent media, and suppression of political opposition. The U.N. body said the people the group interviewed before suspending its seven-day mission said they feared reprisals.  We must not place the persons that have cooperated with us in danger,  it said. The Rwandan authorities were not immediately available for a comment, but it has denied accusations of unlawful detention and torture documented most recently by Human Rights Watch in a report published this month. The report said the government routinely tortured detainees with beatings, asphyxiations, mock executions and electric shocks. A prominent critic of Rwandan president who was barred from running for presidency, Diane Shima Rwigara, was detained in Kigali in September and faces charges of forgery of electoral documents and inciting insurrection.  She said in court last week said that her family and supporters were subjected to torture. Judges have said they will rule on her bail request on Monday. ",1
16840,India cenbank says linking national ID number to bank accounts mandatory,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - India s central bank on Saturday dismissed media reports that it was not necessary to link national identity card numbers, known as Aadhar numbers, to bank accounts. It said in a statement the requirement remained in force under anti-money laundering rules.  The Reserve Bank clarifies that, in applicable cases, linkage of Aadhaar number to bank account is mandatory under the Prevention of Money-laundering (Maintenance of Records) Second Amendment Rules, 2017,  it said in a statement. The RBI also said that anti-money laundering rules announced in June 2017 have  statutory force  and banks have to implement them without awaiting further instructions. The Aadhar program, which is the world s largest biometric identity card program, has triggered some claims that it is an infringement of privacy of citizens. India s top court in August had said that privacy is a fundamental right and the verdict was expected to complicate efforts of Prime Minister Narendra Modi s government to make linking of the ID card numbers with bank accounts, telephone numbers, etc. ",1
16841,"Kremlin says Putin, Erdogan discuss Syria in phone call","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan discussed an upcoming meeting of the Astana process on the Syrian conflict in the Kazakh capital in late October, the Kremlin said on Saturday. During their phone conversation, Putin and Erdogan talked about joint efforts within the Astana process, including the  creation of  de-escalation zones  in Syria, and further coordination towards resolving the Syria situation, the Kremlin said in a statement. The Astana talks are brokered by Russia, Turkey and Iran. In mid-September, the three countries agreed to post observers on the edge of a de-escalation zone in northern Syria s Idlib region largely controlled by Islamist militants. Putin and Erdogan also said the agreements reached between Russia and Turkey in Ankara in late September were being successfully implemented, particularly in trade and economic relations.  Overall, the conversation was business-like and constructive, directed at strengthening bilateral cooperation and interaction on the regional agenda,  the Kremlin said. The Russian-Turkish trade relationship has been affected by their dispute over supplies of Turkish tomatoes to Russia which Moscow is yet to fully restore. This dispute has been adding risks to Russian grain trade with Turkey. Russia, once the largest market for Turkish tomato producers, said this week it will allow purchases of 50,000 tonnes of Turkish tomatoes from only four Turkish producers from Dec. 1. The announcement came several days after Turkey, the second largest buyer of Russian wheat, said it had imposed a requirement for additional approval of Russian agriculture supplies by the Turkish authorities. ",1
16842,China says no excuses for foreign officials meeting Dalai Lama,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Foreign leaders can t think they can get away with meeting exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama just because they are doing it in a personal capacity, as they still represent their government, a senior Chinese official said on Saturday. China considers the Dalai Lama, who fled into exile in India in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule, to be a dangerous separatist. The Nobel Peace Prize winning monk says he simply seeks genuine autonomy for his Himalayan homeland. Visits by the Dalai Lama to foreign countries infuriate China, and fewer and fewer national leaders are willing to meet him, fearing the consequences of Chinese anger, though some have tried to placate Beijing by saying they are meeting him in a personal not official capacity. Zhang Yijiong, who heads the Communist Party s Tibet working group, told reporters on the sidelines of a party congress that there could be no excuses to meeting the Dalai Lama.  Although some people say, the Dalai is a religious figure, our government didn t put in an appearance, it was just individual officials, this is incorrect,  said Zhang, who is also a vice minister at the United Front Work Department, which has led failed talks with the Dalai Lama s representatives.  Officials, in their capacity as officials, attending all foreign-related activities represent their governments. So I hope governments around the world speak and act with caution and give full consideration their friendship with China and their respect for China s sovereignty,  he added.  China took control of Tibet in 1950 in what it calls a  peaceful liberation  and has piled pressure on foreign governments to shun the Dalai Lama, using economic means to punish those who allow him in. China strongly denies accusations of rights abuses in Tibet, saying its rule has brought prosperity to what was a remote and backward region, and that it fully respects the religious and cultural rights of the Tibetan people. China also insists that Tibet in an integral part of its territory and has been for centuries. Zhang, who worked in Tibet from 2006-2010 as a deputy Communist Party boss, said that Tibetan Buddhism was a special religion  born in our ancient China .  It s a Chinese religion. It didn t come in from the outside,  he said. ",1
16843,Iraqi forces complete Kirkuk province takeover after clashes with Kurds,"BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi forces on Friday took control of the last district in the oil-rich province of Kirkuk still in the hands of Kurdish Peshmerga fighters following a three-hour battle, security sources said. The district of Altun Kupri, or Perde in Kurdish, lies on the road between the city of Kirkuk - which fell to Iraqi forces on Monday - and Erbil, capital of the semi-autonomous region of Kurdistan in northern Iraq that voted in a referendum last month to secede from Iraq against Baghdad s wishes. A force made up of U.S-trained Iraqi Counter-Terrorism Service units, Federal Police and Iranian-backed fighters known as Popular Mobilisation began their advance on Altun Kupri at 7:30 a.m. (0430 GMT), said an Iraqi military spokesman. Kurdish Peshmerga forces withdrew from the town, located on the Zab river, after battling the advancing Iraqi troops with machine guns, mortars and rocket-propelled grenades, Iraqi security sources said. Neither side gave information about casualties. The Iraqi central government forces have advanced into Kirkuk province largely unopposed as most Peshmerga forces withdrew without a fight. The government advance has transformed the balance of power in northern Iraq and is likely to scuttle the independence aspirations of the Kurds, who voted overwhelmingly on Sept. 25 to secede from Iraq and take the oil fields of Kirkuk with them.      The fighting at Altun Kupri marked only the second instance of significant violent resistance by the Kurds in Kirkuk province. Dozens were killed or wounded in the previous clash on Monday, the first night of the government advance. The U.S. State Department said it was concerned by reports of violent clashes around Altun Kupri.  In order to avoid any misunderstandings or further clashes, we urge the central government to calm the situation by limiting federal forces  movements in disputed areas to only those coordinated with the Kurdistan Regional Government,  it said in a statement. The State Department made clear that even though federal authority was reasserted over  disputed areas , that in no way changes their status -  they remain disputed until their status is resolved in accordance with the Iraqi resolution  in what appeared to be a nod to the Kurds and their assertion that they have a stake in these territories. Altun Kupri is the last town in Kirkuk province on the road to Erbil, lying just outside the border of the autonomous region established after the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003. Iraqi forces are seeking to reestablish Baghdad s authority over territory which the Kurdish forces occupied outside the official boundaries of their autonomous region, mostly seized since 2014 in the course of the war on Islamic State militants. Iraq s top Shi ite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, called on Friday for the state to protect Kurds in northern Iraq, a rare political intervention by a figure whose words have the force of law for most of Iraq s Shi ite majority. Sistani s call, issued at the Friday prayer in the holy Shi ite city of Kerbala by one of his representatives, came amid reports of abuses against Kurds in areas evacuated by the Kurdish Peshmerga including Kirkuk, Tuz Khormato and Khanaqin. Kurdish officials said tens of thousands of Kurds fled Kirkuk and Tuz to the two main cities of the Kurdish autonomous region, Erbil and Sulaimaniya. Iraq s post-Saddam constitution allows the Kurds self rule in three mountainous northern provinces and guarantees them a fixed percentage of Iraq s total oil income, an arrangement that saw them prosper while the rest of the country was at war. Although Kirkuk is outside the autonomous region, many Kurds consider it the heart of their historic homeland and its oil to be their birthright. Its loss makes their quest for independence appear remote, since it would leave them with only about half the oil revenue they had sought to claim for themselves. Kurdish Peshmerga moved into Kirkuk without a fight in 2014, taking over positions left by the Iraqi army as it fled in the face of Islamic State militants. Iraqi and Kurdish forces traded accusations of using weapons that Western powers had originally given them to fight Islamic State.  Iraqi forces use U.S. Humvees, tanks in latest offensive against Peshmerga,  tweeted Hemin Hawrami, KRG President Masud Barzani s assistant.  Today, Popular Mobilisation attacked us with American weaponry. What is this agreement between the Americans and the Iranians?  said Harem Shukur, a Peshmerga fighter outside Altun Kupri.  The Americans sold us to Iran,  he added, echoing  widespread bitterness among Kurds who think the United States did not honor friendly ties built over several decades. An Iraqi military spokesman accused the Peshmerga of using rockets supplied by Germany. Germany said it hoped to resume its mission training Kurdish Peshmerga fighters in northern Iraq on Sunday, provided the conflict did not worsen. Berlin suspended it last week as tensions mounted. ",1
16844,Iraq increases oil exports from south to make up for Kirkuk shortfall,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq said it was increasing oil exports on Saturday from the southern Basra region by 200,000 barrels per day to make up for a shortfall from the northern Kirkuk fields. The output from the northern Kirkuk region fell this week in the course of military operations to take it back from Kurdish  fighters who have been there since 2014. The increase in Basra exports keeps Iraq s total output within the quota agreed with the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries, the oil ministry said in a statement citing Oil Minister Jabar al-Luaibi. He said 200,000 barrels per day will be shipped from southern Basra export terminal on top of the usual volumes exported daily which exceed 3.2 million barrels.  These additional volumes will be produced until the northern oil output goes back to its previous level,  he said. Iraq won t be able to restore Kirkuk s oil output to last week s levels before Sunday because of missing equipment at two of the largest fields of the region, Avana and Bai Hasan, an oil ministry official told Reuters on Thursday. Until these shutdowns, the northern oil region exported about 530,000 barrels per day, of which about half came from the semi-autonomous Kurdistan region and the rest from the disputed Kirkuk province, claimed by both the Kurds and the Iraqi central authorities. Kurdish Peshmerga forces deployed in Kirkuk in 2014, when the Iraqi army fled its positions in the face of an advance by Islamic State militants. The Kurdish move prevented the militants from taking control of its oilfields. ",1
16845,Qantas flight to San Francisco turns back after 'technical issue',"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A Qantas jumbo jet bound for San Francisco was forced to return to Australia on Saturday after a  technical issue  90 minutes into its flight, the airline said. Engineers were inspecting the Boeing 747 after it landed at Sydney s Kingsford Smith airport, a Qantas spokeswoman said, declining to say how many people were aboard. No injuries were reported.  We understand delays can be frustrating for our passengers but we ll always put safety ahead of schedule and our teams are doing everything they can to get passengers back on their way,  she said. Passengers were told that flight QF 73, which departed at 2.10 pm local time, had been turned back because the autopilot wasn t working, a passenger told Australia s ABC News.  The flight got ridiculously bumpy, and the seatbelt sign never got switched off,  the passenger said.   ",1
16846,Thousands rally for gay marriage before Australian postal vote closes,"SYDNEY - (Reuters) - Thousands of people rallied around Australia on Saturday urging the legalization of same-sex marriage, one week before final ballots can be submitted in a contentious postal survey on the issue that has divided the country. The largest crowd was in Sydney, where organizers said between 5,000 and 10,000 people gathered in front of Central Station before marching along one of the city s biggest roads to Victoria Park.  It s a good reflection of the enthusiasm of people,  Australian Marriage Equality s Tiernan Brady said.  They are very determined, very positive and not complacent.  Other rallies in favor of same-sex marriage were held in the northern city of Brisbane and the central hub of Alice Springs. Rallies organized by the Coalition for Marriage, the lead campaigner against same-sex marriage, also were held across the country.  The coalition, which includes the Australian Christian Lobby and other religious groups, encouraged those who haven t returned their surveys to do so.  We re so pleased so many people have engaged with this process and we encourage those who haven t to tick  no  and put it in the post,  spokeswoman Monica Doumit said. Though the postal ballot is non-binding, a  yes  vote is expected to lead to the legalization of same-sex marriage which could further fracture the government of Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Ballots were mailed out from Sept. 12, with the Australian Bureau of Statistics recommending all votes be returned via the postal service by Oct. 27.  The latest update from the ABS, issued on Oct. 17, showed almost 11 million postal votes had been returned, about 68 per cent of the total distributed.  The result is expected on Nov. 15. ",1
16847,Strong typhoon nears southern Japan the day before election,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Heavy rain and powerful winds are expected to lash large areas of Japan on Sunday as a strong typhoon sweeps ashore, possibly hindering voter turnout in a national election. Typhoon Lan was classified as an intense Category 4 storm on Saturday, with winds of up to 250 km/h (156 mph), according to the Tropical Storm Risk web site. By midday, it was south of South Borodino Island, east of Okinawa, and moving northeast at 15 kph, the Japan Meteorological Agency said. It is expected to weaken to a Category 1 typhoon as it nears the Tokyo metropolitan area on Monday morning, Tropical Storm Risk said. Authorities in Okinawa and Hyogo prefectures have moved voting ahead a day for some remote islands as the storm neared, media said. Saturday marked the last day of campaigning for the parliament s lower house seats, and bad weather could deter some voters. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s Liberal Democratic Party-led (LDP) coalition is on track to roughly match the two-thirds  super majority  it held in parliament s lower house before dissolution, helped by divisions in the opposition camp and jitters over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, media forecasts have said. ",1
16848,Trump expected to pressure China's Xi to rein in North Korea: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to pressure China s president when they meet next month in Beijing to do more to rein in North Korea out of a belief that Xi Jinping s consolidation of power should give him more authority to do so. Trump leaves Nov. 3 on a trip that will take him to Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines. It will be his first tour of Asia since taking power in January and one with a major priority: Preventing the standoff with North Korea from spiraling out of control. Xi is immersed in a Communist Party Congress expected to culminate in him consolidating his control and potentially retaining power beyond 2022, when the next congress takes place. Trump believes that Xi should have even more leverage to work on the North Korea problem.  The president s view is you have even less of an excuse now,  said one official.  He s not going to step lightly.  Trump wants to gain some serious cooperation from China to persuade Pyongyang to either change its mind or help deprive it of so much resources that it has no choice but to alter its behavior, the official said. Trump has heaped praise on Xi in recent weeks in hopes of gaining Chinese cooperation and has held back from major punitive trade measures. In an interview with Fox Business Network s Maria Bartiromo, Trump said he wants to  keep things very, very low key  with Xi until the Chinese leader emerges from the party congress.  I believe he s got the power to do something very significant with respect to North Korea. We ll see what happens. Now with that being said, we re prepared for anything. We are so prepared, like you wouldn t believe,  Trump said in the interview, to air on Sunday. Trump has traded bitter insults with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, using his speech at the United Nations General Assembly last month to dismiss Kim as a  rocket man  on a suicide mission for his repeated nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches. He said if threatened, the United States would  totally destroy  North Korea. Kim in recent weeks said the United States would face an  unimaginable strike  from North Korea if provoked. CIA chief Mike Pompeo said on Thursday that North Korea could be only  months  away from gaining the ability to hit the United States with nuclear weapons. ",1
16849,China's Communist Party says still talking to North Korean counterpart,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party continues to hold talks and maintain contacts with its North Korean counterpart, a senior official said on Saturday, describing the two countries friendship as important for regional stability. While the United States and its allies, and many people in China, believe Beijing should do more to rein in Pyongyang, the acceleration of North Korea s nuclear and missile capabilities has coincided with a near-total breakdown of high-level diplomacy between the two. China, Pyongyang s sole major ally, has said it will strictly enforce U.N. Security Council sanctions banning imports of coal, textiles and seafood, while cutting off oil shipments to the North. China accounts for more than 90 percent of world trade with the isolated country.  Guo Yezhou, a deputy head of the Chinese Communist Party s international department, told reporters on the sidelines of a party congress that its exchanges, communication and dialogue with the North s ruling Workers  Party of Korea were continuing.  China and North Korea are neighbours and the two have a traditional friendly cooperative relationship,  Guo said. Maintaining, developing and consolidating those ties not only accord with both sides  interests, they also have  important meaning  for regional peace and stability, he added. Exchanges between the two parties play an important role in developing overall China-North Korea relations, Guo said.  Our party and the Workers  Party of Korea have traditional friendly exchanges. When and at what level these exchanges happen depend on both sides need and both sides  convenience,  he added, without elaborating. Guo did not directly answer a question on when the department s head, Song Tao, last met with any North Koreans. The department is in charge of the party s relations with foreign political parties, and has traditionally served as a conduit for Chinese diplomacy with North Korea. The Workers  Party of Korea on Wednesday congratulated China on its 19th Communist Party Congress despite the increasingly frayed relationships between the allies as China tightens sanctions over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons program. Though China has been angered by North Korea s repeated nuclear and missile tests and demanded they stop, Beijing also sees the United States and South Korea sharing responsibility for rising tensions with their military drills. North Korea is likely to be at high on the agenda when U.S. President Donald Trump visits China next month for talks with President Xi Jinping. ",1
16850,Fighting in southern Philippine city may end imminently - military,"MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - The Philippines is preparing to declare the end of fighting in a southern city seized for five months by pro-Islamic State rebels, a top military commander said on Saturday, as troops continued a phased withdrawal from the devastated lakeside city.   Only 20 insurgents remained in a small area in Marawi City, including five  significant  figures, and three battalions of troops were closing in on their positions, said Lieutenant-General Carlito Galvez.     Most probably tomorrow, we can do it,  Galvez told reporters when asked when the military can declare fighting is over.  We can declare it is totally complete.    Galvez said troops are zeroing in on three sons of Isnilon Hapilon, the slain  emir  of Islamic State in Southeast Asia, and two Malaysians, including Amin Baco, who has been central to facilitating the movement of foreign fighters in the region.   We cannot say our mission is totally accomplished or completed if the five persons are still there,  he said, adding the remaining militants are  struggling to survive  and to protect their shrinking position.   Another general told Reuters they were also looking for a prominent Indonesian militant. The military is concerned Hapilon s sons and these foreign fighters could succeed core leaders of the alliance killed this week.    Hapilon and Omarkhayam Maute were killed by commandoes on Monday. Malaysian Mahmud Ahmad, who experts say may have funded the Marawi siege, was also dead, according to a freed hostage, but his body has yet to be found. The defense ministry said on Saturday that forensic tests by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation had confirmed that the man killed was Hapilon. The United States has provided technical support to treaty ally the Philippines, including surveillance drones. The deaths of the leaders could slow down any effort by Islamic State to establish a presence in Mindanao, a vast island with a history of rebellion and home to the predominantly Roman Catholic nation s Muslim minority.  The organization and combat capability of the rebels has stunned the military. Some experts see the siege as a prelude to a more ambitious bid by Islamic State loyalists to exploit Mindanao s poverty and use its jungles and mountains as a base to train, recruit and launch attacks in the region. Galvez, head of the Western Mindanao Command, inspected troops in Marawi and sent off a battalion of marines central to  military operations . It was the second unit to leave the conflict area.   The military declined to divulge the number of troops remaining in Marawi. Elite commandoes were leading the assault, with army infantry battalions and police commandoes securing safe areas.   The military said eleven hostages were  processed  on Saturday to determine whether they were really captives or militant members and sympathizers trying to slip away.   Galvez said rehabilitation, including retrieval of the dead, would start after the end of hostilities is declared. The Philippines estimates the rebuilding of areas battered by months of government air strikes could cost at least 50 billion Philippine pesos ($971 million). ",1
16851,Missing Argentine protester's body identified days before election,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - The family of a young protester who went missing in Argentina nearly three months ago identified his body on Friday, said a brother of the dead man to journalists after leaving the morgue.  Investigators discovered a body on Tuesday in the Chubut River in Patagonia, near where Santiago Maldonado was last seen at an indigenous rights protest on Aug. 1.   We recognized Santiago s tattoos so we are convinced it is Santiago,  said Sergio Maldonado, the brother, after the family identified the body in Buenos Aires.  Some government opposition and rights groups have said state security forces took Maldonado, a 28-year-old craftsman, after police reportedly clashed with Mapuche Indians who claim territory throughout southern Argentina and Chile.  The groups allege President Mauricio Macri s government covered up Maldonado s whereabouts. Macri s government says there is no evidence showing security forces detained him.  The disappearance and death of Maldonado has overshadowed Sunday s midterm congressional election in a country where potential cases of abuse by security forces are particularly sensitive.  Argentina s 1976-83 military dictatorship secretly detained, tortured and killed people in clandestine prisons, and rights groups say up to 30,000 people  disappeared.   The judge overseeing the Maldonado case said an autopsy completed late on Friday showed no signs of injury on the body.   Now the cause of death needs to be determined,  Judge Gustavo Lleral told journalists.  Former leftist President Cristina Fernandez, who is seeking a Senate seat in Buenos Aires province, has criticized the government s handling of the case, and mass protests and social media campaigns have demanded to know what happened to Maldonado.  The president s office said on Friday that Macri had contacted Maldonado s mother to offer his condolences.  Mourners left candles, flowers and cards outside the morgue in Buenos Aires, while protesters gathered at the Plaza de Mayo.  ",1
16852,"Rockets strike downtown Kabul, no casualties reported","KABUL (Reuters) - As many as two rockets landed near the international military headquarters in downtown Kabul early on Saturday morning, Afghan security officials said. There were no reports of casualties. At around 6 a.m. (01:30 am GMT) alarms could be heard sounding at the headquarters of the NATO-led military mission, as well as at several foreign embassies in the area. The alarms were followed by several loud explosions. ",1
16853,Graft probe into Mexico president's ally poses tricky challenge ahead of elections,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - With a tight general election looming next year, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto faces a tough choice on whether to pursue a graft probe involving a prominent ally and Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht. Mexico s top prosecutor, acting Attorney General, Alberto Elias Beltran, on Friday fired the federal attorney general responsible for electoral crimes, adding fuel to a case that may complicate the president s efforts to shake off allegations of corruption in the run-up to the July 2018 presidential vote. The dismissal of top electoral prosecutor, Santiago Nieto, came two days after he accused Emilio Lozoya, the former boss of state oil firm Pemex, and a longtime ally of President Pena Nieto, in a newspaper interview of writing to him to ask to be declared innocent of funneling Odebrecht cash to political campaigns. In Brazil, Odebrecht has admitted to paying bribes in several countries in Latin America, including Mexico.  President Pena Nieto s party, the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), has been the dominant force of Mexican politics for the best part of a century, but has long been a byword for corruption. Mindful that the issue of corruption has become central to the 2018 election, the unpopular PRI has overseen the arrest of various former state governors, but Lozoya poses a more difficult challenge, given his proximity to the president.   If they investigate (Lozoya) deeply, I think it would be the end of the party in power. If they don t, they stir up more public anger,  said Paulo Diez, an anti-corruption lawyer who has taken on the government in high-profile graft scandals. Four days after becoming acting Attorney General, Alberto Elias Beltran dismissed Santiago Nieto on the grounds he had broken the office s code of conduct for public officials, his office said on Friday. The dismissal was attacked by the conservative National Action Party (PAN) and the leftist Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), opposition parties which questioned the impartiality of Pena Nieto s government.      Santiago Nieto told newspaper Reforma on Wednesday that Lozoya s letter was a bid to secure  impunity  and that Odebrecht money had entered political campaigns. Nieto s office confirmed the letter s existence, as well as the investigation into the former Pemex chief executive, when contacted by Reuters. Lozoya said in a press conference that he is innocent of all accusations and that he did not funnel cash to President Pena Nieto s campaign.  President Pena Nieto has also previously denied Odebrecht bribes made their way into his party s coffers.  Lozoya s lawyer, Javier Coello, denied his client had written seeking leniency interviews.  Coello also shared with Reuters a letter sent to Santiago Nieto, in which Lozoya asked to be informed of any criminal investigation into him, and to be called to testify if needed. That letter did not mention any appeals for clemency. Odebrecht has admitted to U.S. and Brazilian prosecutors that it paid $10.5 million in bribes in Mexico. Details of the payments have not been made public, though in August, Brazilian and Mexican media reported that Lozoya had asked Odebrecht executives for bribes in 2012 in return for contracts, citing testimony from Odebrecht employees.  On Monday this week, Attorney General Raul Cervantes stood down, telling Senators his office had concluded investigations into Odebrecht. However, the details have yet to be published.  ",1
16854,Researchers raise doubts over cause of Chilean poet Neruda's death,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - International researchers investigating the death of Chilean poet Pablo Neruda raised doubts on Friday as to whether he died of cancer 44 years ago as previously presumed, and did not rule out foul play. Neruda, known for his passionate love poems and staunch communist views, died days after a coup in September 1973 that ushered in the brutal dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet. Neruda s chauffeur claimed Pinochet s agents took advantage of the poet s illness to inject poison into his stomach as he lay in hospital. Neruda s body was exhumed in 2013 and previous tests have found no evidence of poison but are ongoing.  Spanish forensic specialist Aurelio Luna from the University of Murcia told journalists that his team discovered something that could possibly be a laboratory-cultivated bacteria. It will be analyzed, with results expected in six months to a year. Luna also said that tests indicated that death from prostrate cancer was not likely at the moment when Neruda died.  From analysis of the data we cannot accept that the poet had been in an imminent situation of death at the moment of entering the hospital,  he said.   We cannot confirm if the nature of Pablo Neruda s death was natural or violent,  he added. Pinochet died in 2006. Neruda s family and supporters have been divided over whether the case should be closed and his remains returned to his grave near his coastal home of Isla Negra, or whether researchers should continue carrying out tests. ",1
16855,Peru Congress passes bill to legalize medical marijuana,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru s conservative Congress passed a bill to legalize medical marijuana late on Thursday with a 68-5 vote in favor of allowing cannabis oil to be produced, imported and commercialized. President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski had proposed the measure after police cracked down on a group of mothers making cannabis oil in a makeshift laboratory to treat their epileptic children. Regulations for producing and commercializing cannabis oil will be written in 60 days, ruling party lawmaker Alberto Belaunde said.   Thousands of patients and their family members will have hope and a better quality of life,  said Belaunde. Peru s neighbors Chile and Colombia have already legalized marijuana for medical purposes. Uruguay has fully legalized growing and selling marijuana for any use. ",1
16856,Venezuela Maduro warns of repeat elections in states won by opposition,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan state elections may be repeated in the five states won by the opposition if the governors-elect continue to refuse to be sworn in by a controversial pro-government legislative superbody, President Nicolas Maduro warned on Friday. His warning came in a televised speech after the government on Sunday unexpectedly won 18 of 23 states in a vote which the opposition calls fraudulent. Authorities have mandated that all elected governors participate in a ceremony before the pro-government Constituent Assembly, but the five opposition winners did not take part.     Anyone who wants to be governor will have to recognize the Constituent National Assembly; otherwise elections will be repeated in states where the Assembly is not recognized,  Maduro said at the inauguration of one of the socialist candidates in western Lara state.     The opposition says that by law, the oath must be taken before regional parliaments and not before the Constituent Assembly, but so far none of their candidates have undergone that process and formally assumed their roles.     Venezuela s opposition leaders have said they would travel abroad to denounce what they call dirty tricks by the government and outright fraud in the minerals-rich state of Bolivar. Maduro says the opposition cries fraud whenever it loses elections and that Venezuela s electoral system is the most secure in the world. ",1
16857,Matchmaker Merkel seeks awkward three-way embrace,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel opened what promised to be marathon coalition talks on Friday, hoping to bring three opposing political camps into a stable government despite signs  there would be less money to paper over differences. Merkel said she was optimistic as she entered talks between her conservative bloc, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens, despite an assessment by her own party that the next government would have less fiscal room than expected. The outcome of the talks is keenly awaited both at home and across Europe, with many fretting that the European Union could be rudderless with the bloc s longest-serving leader too busy to grapple with crucial issues like euro zone governance reform. Highlighting the challenge, a report by Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) found that there would be only 30 billion euros free for new projects over the next four years if parties stuck to their commitment to taking on no new debts. The shortfall will make all the more difficult the tricky three-way pact, dubbed a  Jamaica  coalition because the three parties  colors - black, yellow and green - match those of the Jamaican flag, which is untried at national level. Higher EU contributions as a result of Brexit and lower central bank profits might reduce spending room by some 15 billion euros, according to calculations seen by Reuters, an obstacle to the FDP s demands for tax cuts or the Greens  hope for environmental and infrastructure spending. The talks between Merkel s conservative bloc, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens are styled as  exploratory , but negotiators aim to get down to details of tax and budget policy in their first full meeting together.  There will be many differences,  she said on her arrival at the Berlin talks, adding:  There is readiness on my side to think about this creatively.  Party delegations each made five-minute presentations before breaking ahead of further discussions due on Tuesday. FDP chief Christian Lindner had earlier said that no matter how good the  atmosphere and seriousness  the parties were far apart on 85 percent of the material to be discussed. After, FDP secretary-general Nicola Beer said she continued to believe there was a  50:50  chance of a Jamaica coalition resulting. Merkel, weakened by a surging far-right in last month s national election, needs to make the awkward alliance fly as her previous  grand coalition  partners - the center-left Social Democrats (SPD) - say they want to rebuild in opposition after  their worst election result in more than half a century. Merkel has been able to steer Europe through its euro zone and refugee crises in part due to her dominance at home. Now that dominance is waning - her conservatives last month had their weakest election showing since 1949.  Voters have given these parties the task of governing,  wrote newspaper Die Welt.  These possible partners should not be giving the impression that they are inching warily toward each other like strangers in a crammed lift.  An Infratest Dimap poll for ARD showed 83 percent of Germans wanted the parties to find a compromise deal. Merkel, 63, has suffered two further setbacks since the national election: the CDU was defeated in a regional election in Lower Saxony on Sunday, and the party s premier in the eastern state of Saxony resigned on Wednesday, saying younger, fresher leadership was needed to revitalize the conservatives. Should the three party groups fail to form a coalition, some in their ranks fear this could lead to public disenchantment and fuel further support for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), which entered parliament for the first time last month. If she cannot clinch a three-way coalition pact, Merkel could try to form a minority government, or else call fresh elections - an unprecedented scenario. Alternatively, she could try to team up again with the SPD. The Social Democrats reject that option, though senior party official Thomas Oppermann has indicated they could reconsider on one condition: Merkel steps aside. ",1
16858,Turkish hunger striker released for remainder of trial,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish teacher who has been on hunger strike for months to protest about losing his job in the government s purge since a failed coup attempt last year, has been released from jail pending her trial on terrorism-related charges. Defence lawyers said primary school teacher Semih Ozakca, 28, was released, but another detainee, literature professor Nuriye Gulmen, 35, who has also survived for seven months on water, herbal tea and sugar and salt solutions, was remanded in custody. The Ankara court released Ozakca on condition that he wears an ankle monitor. Gulmen, who has been hospitalized due to her worsening health, was ordered to remain in custody until the trial, which resumes on Nov. 17. The pair began their hunger strike before being jailed. A court ordered their detention pending trial after ruling that their protest was being conducted on behalf of an outlawed far-left group, DHKP-C. Both deny any links to the group. The teachers said their hunger strike aimed to highlight the plight of some 150,000 state employees - including academics, civil servants, judges and soldiers - suspended or sacked since the abortive coup in July 2016. Turkish authorities blame the coup attempt on U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen and his supporters. Gulen denies involvement. Human rights groups and the European Union have said President Tayyip Erdogan is using the crackdown to stifle dissent in Turkey, something he denies. (This version of the story was refiled to correct the gender of Ozakca throughout) ",1
16859,Canada's Liberals look to economy to guide them past ethics scandal,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s government has been badly shaken by a conflict-of-interest controversy about his finance minister, but the Liberal government s upcoming fiscal update offers an opportunity to reset the public focus on Canada s strong economy, political observers say. The government has been plagued all week about questions about the finance minister, Bill Morneau, the multimillionaire former chief executive officer of human resources management firm Morneau Shepell. Some have questioned whether Morneau would be forced to resign. The focus has been a rare stumble for Trudeau s government, which marked two years in office this month and has mostly maneuvered its way out of political trouble partly because of Trudeau s personal popularity and the youthful momentum of the Liberals after 10 years of Conservative rule.  They re politically very astute in a whole bunch of areas but in issues management and parliamentary management they seem to be ham-fisted,  said Andrew Graham, professor at the school of policy studies at Queen s University. With Trudeau s strong defense of Morneau, and the finance minister likely to unveil a smaller budget deficit in Tuesday s fall fiscal update, Liberals have a temporary chance to refocus on good news.  Economic conditions are a bedrock of whether people feel good or bad about how politicians are performing, and the economy is doing very well for most people,  said Abacus Data pollster Bruce Anderson.  Morneau said on Thursday he will put his assets in a blind trust and divest stock in a publicly traded family business. That comes after weeks of backlash over tax reform that has become a major obstacle for Trudeau s government. Opposition parties from both the political left and right have seized on the ethics scandal, trying to tie Trudeau s team to what they say is an entitled Liberal Party that has previously faced corruption charges.   The opposition has changed the focus from substance to ethics, and they won t let that go that easily,  said Genevieve Tellier, a political professor at the University of Ottawa. But Tellier said Trudeau s decision to fill his cabinet with political rookies - including Morneau - rather than turning to the old Liberal guard, could limit the ability of the opposition to land many ethical punches. Moreover, Morneau is respected by markets.  I think the prime minister would be very cautious about changing his finance minister. ... (Morneau) presents a reassuring image, he doesn t scare the markets,  Tellier said. Ipsos Public Affairs pollster Darrell Bricker put it more bluntly:  They really don t have a choice but to tough it out and hope some event will transpire to distract the hyenas.  The expected budget improvement in Tuesday s fall fiscal update could also give Morneau the leeway to woo voters with more spending or debt reduction.  The way the numbers are playing out, they are in a fairly favorable fiscal position,  said Paul Ferley, assistant chief economist at Royal Bank of Canada. Morneau spokesman Dan Lauzon said the finance minister has no plans to change his strategy, and would keep focus on fiscal stimulus matters:  He is in this for the long run, and he won t let distractions get in the way.  ",1
16860,Islamic State claims responsibility for attack on Shi'ite mosque in Kabul: statement,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State has claimed responsibility for an attack on the Imam Zaman mosque in the Kabul s western Dasht-e-Barchi district, which killed at least 39 people, the group said in a statement on Saturday. The group said in the statement that a suicide bomber had detonated a vest. It did not provide evidence to support its claim.  ",1
16861,U.S. must step up support for operation against West Africa militants: France,"PARIS/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States must step up its support for a planned African force to fight Islamist militants in West Africa or it could fail, leaving French troops to carry the burden alone, France s defense minister said on Friday. France intervened in Mali to ward off an offensive by Islamist militants that began in 2012, and 4,000 of its troops remain in the region as part of Operation Barkhane where they work alongside 10,000 U.N. peacekeepers in Mali. France and West African countries are pushing for the creation of a regional force known as the G5 Sahel.   Washington provides bilateral assistance, intelligence and training for regional security operations. But it is cool towards the African force and has pushed back against U.N. support for it. President Donald Trump s administration has also come under intense scrutiny over its existing operations in West Africa after an ambush in Niger in early October saw four U.S. soldiers killed by jihadists, in what experts say appears to have been an intelligence failure.  In the Sahel, France is deploying in a high-intensity environment, with tremendous support from the United States. We are immensely grateful for that support,  French Defence Minister Florence Parly said in a speech at a Washington think tank monitored in Paris.  But much more needs to be done. We can t be, and don t want to be, the praetorian (guards) of sovereign African countries. They must be made able to defeat terror on their own,  she said during a visit for meetings with her American counterpart James Mattis and White House National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster.  I would be happy if you could help spread the word in the Beltway,  she said in a reference to the U.S. government. Still, discussion in Washington was focused more on what went wrong with the Niger operation. The deadly incident has become a political football in Washington amid criticism of Trump s handling of condolence messages to the families of the dead soldiers.  The U.S. military is investigating the incident, and the FBI said it was assisting  as it has done in the past when American citizens are killed overseas.    Hours after Parly s visit to the Pentagon, Mattis visited Capitol Hill to meet Senator John McCain, who threatened to issue a subpoena to get information about the ambush in Niger after complaining about being kept in the dark.  After their talks, Mattis acknowledged that  we can always improve on communication,  remarks echoed by McCain, the powerful chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee.  We have had our problems and issues. But I m proud to work with him, and I m proud of the work that he is doing,  McCain said. From initial accounts, the 40-member patrol, which included a dozen U.S. troops, came under attack by militants riding in a dozen vehicles and on about 20 motorcycles. Under heavy fire, U.S. troops called in French fighter jets for air support, but the firefight was at such close quarters that the planes could not engage and were instead left circling overhead. French aircraft evacuated the wounded, but the body of one of the dead soldiers was recovered by Nigerien soldiers only after two days. The U.S. military s Africa Command issued a statement on Friday explaining that the 800 U.S. military personnel in Niger were on a mission supporting African forces.  The U.S. military does not have an active, direct combat mission in Niger,  it said.  LONG-TERM  EXIT STRATEGY? Parly said the G5 Sahel force was meant to bolster the security capacity of Chad, Niger, Burkina Faso, Mali and Mauritania, which are all former French colonies.  French officials see the success of the G5 Sahel as a long-term exit strategy for Paris. For decades, France has mounted military operations in its former African colonies but in recent years it has looked to spread the cost. Until now the G5 force has only received a quarter of its estimated 423 million euro budget, according to a report by the U.N. Secretary General, who said financing the operation would  remain a significant challenge  for several years.   It will start its first operations soon. It needs support. The U.N. wants to give support. I hope everyone can become convinced that a robust U.N. assistance is necessary,  Parly said. French defense officials say they expect the first G5 patrols to begin this month and hope that will provide momentum ahead of a donor conference in December. ",1
16862,At least 30 police die in clash in Egypt's Western desert: security sources,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Armed militants killed at least 30 policemen in a shootout during a raid on a suspected militant hideout in Egypt s Western desert, security sources said on Friday. A number of suspected militants were also killed and security forces are combing the area, a statement by the Interior Ministry said. Egypt is facing an Islamist insurgency concentrated in the Sinai peninsula from two main groups, including an Islamic State affiliate, that has killed hundreds of security forces since 2013. Islamist militants have launched several major attacks, most recently targeting churches in Cairo and other cities with the loss of dozens of lives. The security sources said authorities were following a lead to a hideout deep in the desert thought to house eight suspected members of Hasm, a group which has claimed several attacks around the capital targeting judges and police since last year. A convoy of four SUVs and one interior ministry vehicle was ambushed from higher ground by militants firing rocket-propelled grenades and detonating explosive devices, a senior source in the Giza Security Office said. The number of dead was expected to rise, two security sources said. Two security sources said eight security personnel were injured in the clashes, while another source said that four of the injured were police and four others suspected militants. Egypt accuses Hasm of being the militant wing of the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group it outlawed in 2013. The Muslim Brotherhood denies this. The Islamist insurgency in the Sinai peninsula has grown since the military overthrew President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in mid-2013 following mass protests against his rule. The militant group staging the insurgency pledged allegiance to Islamic State in 2014. It is blamed for the killing of hundreds of soldiers and policemen and has started to target other areas, including Egypt s Christian Copts. (This version of the story was refiled to say  policemen  in first paragraph from  police officers  as the rank of the dead was not immediately known) ",1
16863,"In Kirkuk, Kurds' joy turns to fear after Iraqi army takeover","KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - Turkmen and Arab shoppers stroll through an open-air food market in an ethnically mixed area of Kirkuk, haggling over the price of tomatoes and gossiping about their neighbors.  Ostensibly, it s a normal day in the city of 1 million in northern Iraq. But nearby stand Iraqi Army soldiers, sent by the central government in Baghdad this week to wrest control of the city from Kurds after their vote for independence on Sept. 25. The army s recapture of oil-producing Kirkuk province and other territory across northern Iraq has dismayed the city s Kurds but brought comfort to residents from other ethnic groups.  Of course things are better now that the Iraqis have taken back the city,  said Mohammad, a Turkmen butcher grinning over a large pile of ground meat.  We re all brothers, but at the end of the day, Kirkuk is not for the Kurds. It s for Iraq.   An Arab couple who have seen Kirkuk change hands several times before said they now feel safer and more comfortable.  This is our city after all,  said the elderly Hajji Ahmed. Across the street in a Kurdish-owned restaurant, the mood is different.  None of my Kurdish regulars want to come to eat here anymore, they don t feel safe,  said the owner, who asked not to be named for fear of retaliation.  We re all afraid because our fate in the city is unknown.  Thousands of people fled Kirkuk after rumors of looting and violence against Kurds spread on social media, though residents said many later returned. No one Reuters spoke to had witnessed or suffered any aggression.  The scenes now are a far cry from the Kurds  jubilation on the day of the independence referendum, when they danced and sang in the streets.  Though the referendum was opposed by international allies, Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) President Massoud Barzani was confident its outcome would give his government leverage to negotiate secession. Kirkuk is seen by many Kurds as the future capital of an independent Kurdish state. Including it in the referendum was widely seen as a unilateral move to consolidate Kurdish control. Peshmerga fighters seized Kirkuk in 2014 after Iraqi security forces fled, leaving the region s oilfields vulnerable to Islamic State militants who had swept across northern Iraq.  But any notion of consolidated Kurdish power was quashed on Monday when Kurdish forces quietly withdrew, allowing the Iraqis to retake the city and other disputed territories claimed by both the central government in Baghdad and the Kurds.  Kurdish flags used to hang from street lamps and buildings across the whole city but are now seen only in Kurdish areas. Roadside vendors now sell the flags of the Iraqi army and Shi ite paramilitary forces.  Kirkuk has been lost forever,  said a Kurdish resident of the Shorja district. Kurds in Kirkuk feel betrayed by their political leaders and humiliated by Baghdad, which forcibly displaced them from the city under late dictator Saddam Hussein. Some civilians are now deployed along the highway to the regional capital, Erbil, with Kurdish Peshmerga fighters.  We brought our guns to defend against the Iraqi invaders,  said one, a retired Peshmerga fighter.  We were betrayed, even by our own political leaders. So we had to come with our weapons to fight.  The men have built berms and road blocks to slow traffic into the small town of Altun Kupri, or Perde in Kurdish.  Now we only have orders to defend. But if they try and come to Erbil, we will attack them ferociously. We have to protect our people,  Bakr Razgai, a local commander, said before clashes in the area on Friday morning.  Such bravado was hard to find in Kirkuk. In the Kurdish neighborhood of Shorja, a poster hanging in front of the main market and showing late Kurdish leader Jalal Talabani s face next to a Kurdish flag has been scribbled over.  I ve been up every night since Monday, afraid for my life,  said Abdullah, a Kurdish clothes salesman. A friend said this was because of propaganda on social media and asked him if he had seen anything bad happen. Abdullah had not.  But I m still afraid,  he said. ",1
16864,U.S. urges Iraq to avoid clashes with Kurds near Kirkuk,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department on Friday urged the Baghdad government to avoid clashes in northern Iraq by limiting the movement of federal troops in disputed areas to those coordinated with the Kurdistan Regional Government. In a statement, it said Washington was concerned by reports of violent clashes around the town of Altun Kupri.  The reassertion of federal authority over disputed areas in no way changes their status   they remain disputed until their status is resolved in accordance with the Iraqi constitution,  it said. Iraqi forces on Friday took control of the last district in the oil-rich province of Kirkuk still in the hands of Kurdish Peshmerga fighters following a three-hour battle, security sources said. ",1
16865,Brazil government to rework controversial slavery decree,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s government will issue a new decree changing the country s definition of slavery following an earlier order that was widely criticized as a reversal in the fight against forced labor, a presidential aide said on Friday. In Brazil, forced labor has been defined as a form of modern-day slavery. This includes debt bondage, degrading work conditions, and long work hours that pose a risk to a worker s health or life, and violate their dignity. Human rights campaigners said a decree issued by the labor ministry on Monday changed the way slavery was defined, limiting it to a victim s freedom of movement but disregarding other abuses. The new decree, sought by Brazil s powerful farm lobby, would derail enforcement efforts that have freed 50,000 workers from slavery-like conditions since 1995, according to federal prosecutors and labor inspectors.  Responding to the criticism, President Michel Temer said on Friday the decree would be modified but not revoked.  In an interview with the Poder360 news website, Temer said the measure would be  perfected  with suggestions by prosecutors, among them the creation of a police department for slave labor crimes. A presidential aide later said the suggestions would be used to reissue a new decree.  The president instructed the labor minister to study them and see which can be incorporated in a new decree,  the spokesman said. Rights groups estimate hundreds of thousands of people work in slave-like conditions on farms, sugar cane plantations and cattle ranches across Brazil s remote and jungle areas, as well as in urban factories and construction sites. The government decree as issued would close 506 of 706 working conditions cases under investigation, which would no longer be considered slave labor, a spokesman for Brazil s federal prosecutors office said. Temer bowed to pressure from the farm lobby to modify the decree at a time when he is relying on the group s votes in Congress to block corruption charges next week. The farm lobby praised the decree for clarifying the definition of slave labor and eliminating  excesses  by inspectors. Temer told Poder360 the decree needed changing because it contained irrelevant details for defining slavery, such as the need for a soap bar holder or a ladder to a top bunk in workers  sleeping quarters. ",1
16866,Death toll from Somalia bombings rises to 358,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - The number killed in twin bombings in the Somali capital Mogadishu last weekend has risen to 358, the government said late on Friday.  As well as the confirmed death toll, 228 people were injured in what was the deadliest attack in the country s history, Somalia s news agency quoted the information and internal security ministers as saying. ",1
16867,At least two dead in bombing on Mogadishu outskirts,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - A car bomb exploded outside the Somali capital Mogadishu on Friday killing the driver, police said, and a witness said there were at least two bodies. The explosion happened around noon in the village of Markaz, just over 20 km (12 miles) northwest of Mogadishu, Police Major Nur Ali told Reuters, adding that police had not reached the scene which he called an area  inhabited by hardline Islamists . A witness in the village who gave his name as Ahmed told Reuters by telephone that he had seen two dead bodies.  The car was ruined and the dead bodies were cut in halves,  he said.  The number killed in twin bombings in the Somali capital Mogadishu last weekend has risen to 358, the government said late on Friday.      It was the deadliest attack in the country s history. The Islamist insurgency al Shabaab was blamed for Saturday s blasts, which happened when a car bomb and a truck bomb headed for the airport detonated prematurely.  ",1
16868,"Britain's May wins Brexit reprieve, faces tough weeks ahead","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May won a modest reprieve in stalled Brexit talks on Friday, with European Union leaders signaling their readiness to move the negotiations forward in the coming months. But despite a more positive tone, a weakened May now faces a delicate political balancing act as she tries to meet EU demands for more concrete pledges on Britain s divorce bill without stoking a backlash from Brexit campaigners at home, some of whom would prefer she walk away from the talks. EU leaders said at a summit in Brussels that they would begin preparations to move into  phase two  of the Brexit negotiations in December, a step forward that would allow London to discuss its future trade relationship with the bloc. Yet they also made clear that May would have to move between now and the end of the year on settling a financial bill that EU officials have estimated at around 60 billion euros.  I think it is very clear what additional steps need to be taken,  German Chancellor Angela Merkel told a news conference at the end of the summit, saying movement on the financial settlement was crucial for progress in December. French President Emmanuel Macron was tougher, saying the two sides had not yet completed even half of the work on the financial settlement and accusing Britain of  bluffing  by using the media to suggest there could be no deal.  A lot is in the hands of Theresa May,  he said. An EU official said it took just 90 seconds for the 27 other leaders to adopt their Brexit conclusions at the end of the meeting, underlining how united they are. May has said she cannot provide a specific financial pledge until she knows the shape of the future relationship. The EU is insisting that the two sides agree on an exit bill, the rights of EU citizens in a post-Brexit world and Irish border issues before delving into future ties. Asked whether she had improved an offer of about 20 billion euros, May said she had repeated commitments she made in a speech in Italy last month, when she said the bloc would not be out of pocket when it came to its budget which runs until 2020.  What I made clear to my EU counterparts in relation to financial contributions... is that nobody need be concerned for the current budget plans ... and that we will honor the commitments that we have made during our membership,  she told a news conference before returning to Britain.  Now there has to be detailed work on those commitments... we are going through them line by line and we will continue to go through them line by line.  The final text from the EU-27 read:  The European Union ... notes that, while the UK has stated that it will honor its financial obligations taken during its membership, this has not yet been translated into a firm and concrete commitment from the UK to settle all of these obligations.  Still, the leaders held open the hope of reaching a deal at the next regular summit in December. And in a move that could save weeks of delay, they ordered EU negotiators to start preparing for what Brussels will want in a transition period. Uncertainty over the final shape of a Brexit deal has unsettled businesses on both sides of the Channel. Terry Scuoler, CEO of the British manufacturers  association (EEF), welcomed the warmer words from EU leaders, but said industry needed  more than a hint of progress . All the EU leaders worked hard to strike a positive tone at the summit after May used a dinner late on Thursday to appeal to the other 27 leaders to help her silence critics at home by offering a signal that the talks would move on. Many were upbeat and May struck up an animated and friendly conversation at the beginning of the summit with Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron, who are both seen in Britain as hardliners in the talks. That might be enough for May to calm immediate concerns at home after Brexit campaigners urged the British prime minister to signal her readiness to leave the EU without a deal and to rely on World Trade Organization rules. But she faces a major dilemma as she gears up for the next EU summit in December.  The next eight weeks will be the most challenging for ... Theresa May and the most consequential for Brexit,  said Mujtaba Rahman, an analyst at Eurasia Group. The chair of the summit Donald Tusk said there would need to be a more positive narrative to reach a Brexit deal in December - a sentiment echoed by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.  We have some details but we don t have all the details we need,  he said.  It s not my working assumption that we ll have no deal.  ",1
16869,Canada granting asylum to U.S. border crossers at higher rates: data,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Asylum seekers who illegally crossed the U.S. border into Canada this year are obtaining refugee status at higher rates, new data shows, as authorities accept claims from people who say they feared being deported by U.S. President Donald Trump s administration. More than 15,000 people have crossed the U.S.-Canadian border illegally to claim refugee status in Canada this year. Many were in the United States legally and some interviewed by Reuters said they might have stayed were it not for an  immigration crackdown. The influx, mainly at the Quebec/New York border, prompted the military to set up a temporary tent encampment in Quebec and sparked a backlash from anti-migrant groups.   Lawyers who have handled dozens of cases said that members of refugee tribunals, who evaluate requests for asylum, have grown more sympathetic toward people who have spent time in the United States and who say they now fear immigration policies under Trump. Trump took office in January with a goal of sharply cutting refugee admissions, in line with the hard-line immigration policies that were a focal point of the Republican s 2016 election campaign.  Of the 592 claims from border crossers finalized between March and September, 69 percent - or 408 in total - were accepted, according to Immigration and Refugee Board figures. An additional 92 appeals of rejected claims are pending. That 69 percent acceptance rate is higher than the acceptance rate for all refugee claims from people who came to Canada through any method last year. In a January asylum hearing whose transcript was seen by Reuters, a tribunal member told a Syrian refugee claimant and her daughter who had crossed near Lacolle, Quebec, that their explanation for not staying in the United States was  reasonable,  citing the woman s worries about the new U.S. government.  Certainly, that seems to be playing out as you have feared, and today on the news I know that President Trump has suspended the Syrian refugee program,  the member is quoted as saying.  You have provided, in my view, a reasonable explanation of your failure to claim in the U.S.  A second refugee decision reviewed by Reuters, issued in May, cites an Iraqi woman s detention in a U.S. airport and subsequent racist incidents she said she experienced at school as credible reasons for her leaving the United States. ",1
16870,Iranian commander issued stark warning to Iraqi Kurds over Kirkuk,"SULAIMANIA/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A senior Iranian military commander repeatedly warned Kurdish leaders in northern Iraq to withdraw from the oil city of Kirkuk or face an onslaught by Iraqi forces and allied Iranian-backed fighters, Kurdish officials briefed on the meetings said. Major-General Qassem Soleimani, commander of foreign operations for Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards, traveled to Iraq s Kurdistan region to meet Kurdish leaders at least three times this month before the Baghdad government s lightning campaign to recapture territory across the north. The presence of Soleimani on the frontlines highlights Tehran s heavy sway over policy in Iraq, and comes as Shi ite Iran seeks to win a proxy war in the Middle East with its regional rival and U.S. ally, Sunni Saudi Arabia. Soleimani met leaders from the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), one of the two main Kurdish political parties in northern Iraq, in the city of Sulaimania the day before Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered his forces to advance on Kirkuk, according to a PUK lawmaker briefed on the meeting. His message was clear: withdraw or risk losing Tehran as a strategic ally.  Abadi has all the regional powers and the West behind him and nothing will stop him from forcing you to return back to the mountains if he decides so,  the lawmaker quoted Soleimani as telling the PUK leadership.  The Iranian general evoked late Iraqi president Saddam Hussein s massive attack on a Kurdish rebellion in 1991, when almost the entire Kurdish population fled northern Iraq to the mountains, the PUK lawmaker said.  Soleimani s visit ... was to give a last-minute chance for the decision-makers not to commit a fatal mistake,  said the lawmaker, who like others interviewed in this story declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue. Commanders of the Iraqi Kurdish forces, known as the Peshmerga, have accused Iran of orchestrating the Shi ite-led Iraqi central government s push into areas under their control, a charge senior Iranian officials have denied. But Iran has made no secret of its presence in Iraq.  Tehran s military help is not a secret anymore. You can find General Soleimani s pictures in Iraq everywhere,  said an official close to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani.  Now, beside political issues, Kirkuk s oil is a very key element for Iran, which is an OPEC member. Control of those oil fields by Iran s enemies would be disastrous for us. Why should we let them enter the oil market?.  Kirkuk fell to Iraqi government forces on Monday. Their offensive followed a referendum last month in which the semi-autonomous Kurdistan region voted to secede from Iraq against Baghdad s wishes. Kurds have sought an independent state for almost a century, after colonial powers divided up the Middle East after the fall of the Ottoman Empire and left Kurdish-populated territory split between Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria. But Iraq s two main Kurdish parties have been at odds over both the referendum and the approach to the crisis in Kirkuk, which the Kurds consider to be the heart of their homeland. The PUK, a close ally of Iran, accused its rival, the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP), of putting the Kurds at risk of military intervention and isolation by pushing hard for the vote, which won wide approval for independence. Soleimani has been allied to the PUK for years, but the referendum has drawn him even closer to Kurdish politics and expanded Iran s reach in Iraq beyond the Baghdad government. The Iranian general is no stranger to conflicts in Iraq, which fought an eight-year war with Iran in the 1980s. He has often been seen in footage from the frontlines, and Iran has long helped Baghdad to carry out its military strategy through paramilitary Shi ite militias which it funds and arms. Before the referendum, Soleimani suggested to Kurdish leaders that holding a vote on secession   which Iran feared would encourage its own Kurdish population to agitate for greater autonomy   would be risky.  The Iranians were very clear. They have been very clear that there will be conflict, that these territories will be lost,  said one prominent Iraqi Kurdish politician who met Soleimani ahead of the Sept. 25 referendum.  On Oct. 6, barely a week after the vote, Soleimani attended the funeral of PUK leader Jalal Talabani. Again, he wanted to make sure even his closest Kurdish allies understood the dangers of not withdrawing from Kirkuk, officials said. A senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq and an official in Iran close to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei s office said Soleimani met with Kurdish leaders after Talibani s funeral and urged them to withdraw from Kirkuk and in exchange Tehran would protect their interests.    Soleimani met with one of Talabani s sons, Bafel, a few days after his father was buried, one of the PUK officials said.  Soleimani said Abadi should be taken very seriously. You should understand this,  the official said. An Iranian source in Iraq said Soleimani was in Kirkuk two nights before the Iraqi government offensive for  a couple of hours to give military guidance.  Iraqi intelligence sources said Tehran sent a clear signal to the PUK.   We understand from our sources on the ground that neighboring Iran played a decisive role in making the PUK chose the right course with Baghdad,  one Iraqi intelligence official told Reuters. Tensions over the referendum and Kirkuk have deepened divisions between the two main political parties in northern Iraq. The KDP accused the PUK of betraying the Kurdish cause by capitulating to Iran and striking a deal to withdraw.  The Talabani clan were behind the offensive on Kirkuk. They asked Qassem (Soleimani) for help and his troops were there on the ground,  said a source close to Massoud Barzani, president of the Kurdistan Regional Government and head of the KDP.   It is becoming clear that Iran is directing the operations to destroy the KDP.  The PUK strongly denies this. Talabani s son Bafel accused the KDP of missing a zero-hour chance to avoid losing Kirkuk by failing to reach a deal over a military base which Iraqi government forces had demanded to take back.  Unfortunately we reacted too slowly. And we find ourselves where we are today,  Bafel told Reuters. Two other Kurdish political sources gave a similar account. Iran and Soleimani offered early assistance to northern Iraq s Kurds in the fight against Islamic State, a rallying point for the Kurdish community. But after the devastating loss of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurds have been left disillusioned.  They (both PUK and KDP leaders) just make decisions on their own and play with people s lives. In the end, we pay the price,  said pensioner Abdullah Ahmed in Sulaimania.   This is a disaster for everyone. Everyone was united against Daesh (Islamic State). Now they are back just looking out for themselves.  ",1
16871,Go-go going as Chinese women fuel Thai tourism boom,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - For decades since the Vietnam war, the scantily clad dancers in the go-go bars of Bangkok s Patpong red-light district have been the face of Thailand s tourism industry.  But last year for the first time, the country drew more women tourists than men as a surge in Chinese female visitors outweighed a longstanding distortion spurred by men drawn to the world s  sex capital . The shift is welcome news for Thai authorities, who have tried to promote the country s shopping, beaches and temples and to minimize the importance of sex tourism, which thrived after Thailand became an R&R hotspot for U.S. troops in the 1960s and 1970s. Tourism ministry figures reviewed by Reuters showed 52 percent of more than 32 million visitors last year were women. That compared to 48 percent in 2015 and only 42 percent in 2012. No earlier official data were available, but research from as far back as the 1980s shows a ratio of about 60 percent male to 40 percent female visitors.  Not as many women visited Thailand because they thought we were a cheap destination with too much vice, but now more are coming, which means our image accommodates them,  Tourism Minister Kobkarn Wattanavrangkul told Reuters. Tourism accounts for around 12 percent of Southeast Asia s second-biggest economy and is easily the fastest growing sector, particularly since a coup in 2014.  Hoping to attract more female tourists, the state s Tourism Authority of Thailand started a  Women s Journey  campaign last year, with a website and mobile application offering discounts for hotels, spas, malls, and restaurants. But the biggest factor has been tourism from China, which has reshaped the industry around the world. The number of Chinese visitors rose from nearly 12 percent of Thailand s visitors in 2012 to 27 percent last year. The number of Chinese women visiting Thailand nearly quadrupled over the same period to more than 5.3 million.   When Chinese men make a lot of money, they tend to take their wife, daughter, and mother to travel, making the ratio heavier on the female side,  said Virat Chatturaputpitak, vice president of the Association of Thai Travel Agents.  Major Chinese travel website Tuniu reported that 62 percent of its customers last year were women, Chinese media reported.  I chose to come to Thailand because it s close by, there are many flights, it s cheap to travel and easy to get a visa,  said Man Na Zhang, 24, at Bangkok s Erawan Shrine, a favorite  spot for Chinese tourists despite a deadly bombing in 2015.  Chinese female visitors, who get a tourist visa on arrival, also cited a simple tax rebate procedure on duty free goods as another drawcard as they snap up items such as cosmetics, bottled bird s nest soup, vitamins and supplements.  Many stores in Bangkok s shopping malls now accept Alipay, China s giant online payment service. A Big C supermarket near the Erawan shrine buzzes with Chinese tourists who fill their trolleys with bulk packets Tom Yum Goong flavored instant noodles, crispy seaweed and dried squid snacks.  Businesses in tourist towns have started printing menus in Chinese and getting workers to learn the language to cater to Chinese tourists, who last year made up more than those from Europe, the Americas, the Middle East and Africa combined. China s recent  Golden Week  holiday brought 70 percent more Chinese visitors than last year, the tourism ministry said. For nationalities that traditionally patronized Thailand s sex industry, tourist numbers are still dominated by men - 68 percent of Japanese visitors, 58 percent of British and nearly 56 percent of American, Australian and German tourists. But even for those countries, the balance has shifted more towards female tourists. Although the sex industry is far from dead, local businesses complain fewer tourists were visiting areas such as Patpong and nearby Silom neighborhood.  There are evidently fewer tourists, especially in the low season, when sales can go from tens of thousands of baht a day to nothing,  said Somkid Sangwong, a manager of a restaurant in a Silom alley next to Patpong, surrounded by neon-lit signs for bars blasting loud music and offering raunchy live shows.  Phadet Mesild, a board member of the Tourism Association of Koh Samui, another popular spot for sex tourism, told Reuters the decline in demand had forced many venues in the island to close down.  Since 2014, Thailand s military government has occasionally raided brothels, bars, and massage parlors in an effort to clean up the country s image, but they have usually bounced back quickly. ",1
16872,Spain plans new elections in Catalonia to end independence bid: opposition,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government has secured opposition support for dissolving Catalonia s parliament and holding new elections there in January in its bid to check the regional government s push for independence. The Socialists, the main opposition, said on Friday they would back special measures to impose central rule on the region to thwart the secessionist-minded Catalan government and end a crisis that has unsettled the euro and hurt confidence in the euro zone s fourth-largest economy. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, who wants opposition support to be able to present a united front in the crisis, has called an emergency cabinet meeting on Saturday to pave the way for Madrid establishing central control in the region. The government would not confirm whether January elections formed a part of the package, with Rajoy saying only that the measures would be announced on Saturday. However a government spokesman saw regional elections as likely.  The logical end to this process would be new elections established within the law,  said government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo at a weekly government press conference. It will be the first time in Spain s four decades of democracy that Madrid has invoked the constitution to effectively sack a regional government and call new elections. Head of state King Felipe used a prizegiving ceremony in the northwestern region of Asturias to indicate support for the government and affirm the unity of Spain, of which he said  Catalonia is and will remain an essential part.   Spain needs to face up to an unacceptable secession attempt on its national territory, which it will resolve through its legitimate democratic institutions,  said the monarch, a ceremonial figure who sharply criticized Catalan leaders earlier this month.  Rajoy wants as broad a consensus as possible before taking the step, which has raised the prospect of more large-scale protests in Catalonia, where pro-independence groups have been able to bring more than one million people out onto the streets. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, a former journalist who is spearheading the secession campaign, has refused to renounce independence, citing an overwhelming vote in favor of secession  at a referendum on Oct.1. Regional authorities said around 90 percent voted for independence though only 43 percent of voters participated. Opponents of secession mostly stayed home. Spanish courts have ruled the referendum unconstitutional, but Puigdemont says the result is binding and must be obeyed. The prolonged standoff has caused hundreds of companies to move their headquarters outside Catalonia and prompted the Spanish government to cut its economic growth forecast. The region accounts for a fifth of Spain s economy. In a test of investor appetite for Spanish stocks, housebuilder Aedas (AEDAS.MC) dropped over 6 percent in its debut on the Madrid stock exchange on Friday, although it later regained losses to trade close to its listing price. The uncertainty surrounding the future of the region has rattled the euro. On Thursday, European Union leaders including Germany s Angela Merkel and France s Emmanuel Macron offered their support for Rajoy at an EU leaders summit in Brussels. After Rajoy announces the direct control measures on Saturday, Spain s upper house will have to approve them in a session which could take place on Oct. 27, a Senate spokeswoman said. Actions could range from dismissing the Catalan parliament and government, to a softer approach of removing specific heads of department. Direct rule from Madrid would be temporary while regional elections are held to form a new government. ",1
16873,France gets serious over sexual harassment after Weinstein scandal: minister,"PARIS (Reuters) - The Harvey Weinstein scandal is forcing a rethink of attitudes toward sexual harassment in France, a country that cherishes its self-image as the land of seduction and romance, said the minister tasked with cracking down on violence against women. Movie producer Weinstein has been accused by numerous women of having sexually harassed or assaulted them in incidents dating back to the 1980s, including three who said they were raped. Weinstein denies having non-consensual sex with anyone. More than 300,000 accounts of sexual harassment or abuse have been published under the French #balancetonporc or #squealonyourpig hashtag on Twitter in the past week, though some conservatives say the new trend amounts to an attack on the French way of life in the name of U.S.-style puritanism.  We are really at a turning point, with the Weinstein affair as a trigger,  Gender Equality Minister Marlene Schiappa told Reuters on Friday in an interview. France has often debated sexual harassment over the past decade following scandals involving French politicians. Six years ago, a sex scandal forced former French finance minister Dominique Strauss-Kahn to resign as head of the International Monetary Fund, provoking a round of soul-searching in France about sexual abuse that goes undeclared or undetected in the upper echelons of power. A deputy of Macron s year-old Republic on the Move party (LREM), Christophe Arend, was accused by his ex-assistant and campaign manager of sexual harassment, the Franceinfo media outlet reported on Friday. The party said in a statement that Arend benefitted from a presumption of innocence until proven otherwise and that he had filed a complaint of  slanderous denunciation  against his accuser.  Any form of violence and harassment is intolerable. It is up to the justice (process) and it alone to shed light,  LREM said. Gender Equality Minister Schiappa said the Weinstein scandal could have a more durable impact in France because it had prompted women from all walks of life to denounce harassment and assault at work and in public places, not only in the corridors of power.  When it s about politicians, most people just slam politicians rather than seeing it as a wider issue,  said Schiappa, a 34-year-old blogger-turned-minister in President Emmanuel Macron s new government.  But when it s to do with cinema it has a wider impact, because ... people identify with actors and actresses,  she added, describing the wave of testimonies on social media as a  liberation . This week Schiappa kicked off nationwide consultations over a law due to be completed early next year that will include steps to fight sexual harassment on the streets as well as extend the statute of limitation for rape of minors. Not all French people approve of her plans or of the  #squealonyourpig trend on Twitter.  France is a country of men who love women  wrote pundits Berenice Levet and Guillaume Bigot in Le Figaro daily on Thursday.  It is not a country of Platonic love,  they said, warning against the import of what French conservatives have long denigrated as a killjoy  Anglo-Saxon  view of relationships between men and women. Responding to such criticism, Schioppa said:  There is some reluctance, some say we will kill the culture of the  French lover ... if we punish street harassment.   But it s the opposite. We want to preserve seduction, chivalry and  l amour   la francaise  by saying what is key is consent. Between consenting adults everything is allowed, we can seduce, talk, but if someone says  no , it s  no  and it s final,  she said. Much of the French debate focuses on plans to slap fines on harassment in the street and whether that is really feasible. Schiappa acknowledged it was hard to define, adding details would be decided through wide consultations in coming months.  For instance it s following a woman through several blocks or asking for her phone number 15 straight times,  said Schiappa, adding that she personally did not believe wolf-whistles should be characterized as sexual harassment. ",1
16874,"Czechs vote for new parliament, wealthy businessman seen as likely next PM","PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czechs voted on Friday in an election expected to hand power to businessman Andrej Babis who has won popular support by pledging to sweep aside traditional parties, boost investment and keep out refugees, but faces a criminal probe for suspected fraud. The central European country has enjoyed rapid economic growth, a balanced budget and the lowest unemployment in the European Union, but opinion polls nevertheless show strong voter support for Babis's ANO movement and other protest parties. (Graphic: Czech legislative election - tmsnrt.rs/2vO4hPW) Founded and tightly controlled by the 63-year-old billionaire, ANO - which means  yes  in Czech - has won support from both right and left with promises to cut taxes, turf out corrupt politicians and bring business-style efficiency to government.  We want to form a government and show people that government can work differently to what they are used to. We would be (more) in touch with them,  Babis said after voting in the Prague suburb where he lives. Babis s support has weathered investigation into tax strategies at his empire of food, chemicals, farming and media   worth an estimated $4 billion   that he owned until moving it to a trust fund this year.  He has also been charged by police with fraud on suspicion that he hid ownership of a farm and a conference center so it could receive a 2 million euro subsidy in 2008. He denies any wrongdoing. ANO has maintained its rhetoric of opposition to the ruling system despite serving as a junior partner in the outgoing government along with Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka s center-left Social Democrats and the centrist Christian Democrats. Final surveys before a polling blackout began on Tuesday gave ANO about 25-27 percent support, at least twice that of the Social Democrats.    Previous governments kept saying what needs to be changed but did nothing,  said Jarmila, a 66-year old former teacher in Prague who refused to give her last name.  He is rational and can explain things.   Czech elections are spread over two days. Voting began on Friday at 2 p.m. (1200 GMT) and will end at 2 p.m. on Saturday.   Although immigration to the Czech Republic is virtually non-existent, fear of it has played a big part in the election campaign, with most parties pledging to fight any attempts by the European Union to force the Czechs to accept refugees distributed across the bloc. The anti-immigrant mood mirrors similar trends in neighbouring countries. Parties opposed to immigration did well in Germany s election in September and in Austria s last week, and have fed scepticism toward the EU across the 28-nation bloc. Babis s swipes at Brussels have raised concern that he might lead the country into a more confrontational relationship with the EU, emulating the right-wing governments in Poland and Hungary. Babis opposes more EU integration and euro adoption, but has also spoken of the benefits of EU membership and says the Czech Republic should play a bigger role in reforming the bloc.  Analysts say the election may lead to a similar coalition to the outgoing government but led by ANO, which would mean no big change in a foreign policy. A deal with ANO s current partners, or with center-right parties, may run up against their demands that Babis personally stays out of the cabinet because of the police charges. A number of voters in Prague expressed distrust of Babis, who has been fighting allegations he had cooperated with communist-era secret police.  For me this election is about our stance on the European Union, refugees and is mainly (a chance to vote) against Mr. Babis,  said Gabriela Kijova, 23, after voting for the small Pirate Party in central Prague. President Milos Zeman said on Friday he would ask the leader of the biggest party to lead talks on a new government. He said he would allow a month for negotiations before he calls a session of the new parliament, which is the trigger for the departure of the outgoing administration.  There is an outside chance that Babis may form a minority government supported by the Communists and the far-right, anti-EU Freedom and Direct Democracy Party (SPD), which saw its support jump in the final opinion polls. Such a tie-up would be negative for investors and pose questions over policies toward the EU.  ",1
16875,Brazil's Temer says pension reform might not pass this year,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - President Michel Temer said on Friday that a bill overhauling Brazil s costly pension system might not clear Congress this year as planned, the first time that he has indicated that such a delay might happen. In an interview with Poder360 news website, Temer said the government had to again consult lawmakers in the government coalition, many of whom have already said they are doubtful the legislation will pass this year. The pension reform is crucial to Temer s attempts to plug Brazil s budget deficit and reduce the bloated pension system. But its provisions to increase the retirement age have made it unpopular with Brazilians. Temer put the delay down to charges in a corruption case that put his legislative agenda on hold for six months. The government is considering a watered-down version of the bill, Temer said, confirming previous statements from officials that it would be ready to settle for a bill that included at least the introduction of a minimum retirement age of 65 years for men, up from the current average age of 55. A diluted pension bill would also need to include a gradual transition to the new rules and parity between the public and private pension systems, he said. His chief of staff Eliseu Padilha, who also took part in the interview, said the government hoped a less extensive reform would still achieve 75 percent of the planned fiscal savings, assuming it included cuts to benefits for public sector employees. Temer also said the government may issue a temporary decree to extend for a few weeks the Refis program that allows companies and individuals to renegotiate delinquent tax payments.  ",1
16876,Official candidate seen ahead in Buenos Aires Senate race: poll,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s ruling party candidate for Senate in the key  province of Buenos Aires is 4.8 percentage points ahead of the opposition candidate, according to a poll by consultancy Management & Fit sent exclusively to Reuters on Friday. The country s mid-term congressional election will be held this Sunday, and is seen as an early indicator of the electoral power that President Mauricio Macri will have going into his 2019 re-election campaign.  Esteban Bullrich, of Macri s  Cambiemos  or  Let s Change  party, is forecast to win 35.3 percent of votes in his bid for the Senate, according to the poll. Buenos Aires province is home to a third of Argentina s population. His opponent, former President Cristina Fernandez, has 30.5 percent of voter intentions, according to the Management & Fit survey of 2,000 voters. The poll had a margin of error of 3.3 to 3.5 percentage points.  Fernandez is loved by many low-income Argentines for her generous social spending. Macri, a proponent of free-markets,  and Cambiemos have been criticized for reducing popular home heating and transportation subsidies but lauded by investors who say the President s policies can return Argentina to sustained growth. ",1
16877,U.S. says 24 people harmed from recent 'attacks' in Cuba,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department confirmed on Friday that 24 people have suffered health effects from  attacks  in Cuba earlier this year against diplomatic personnel and that an investigation is ongoing.  We can t rule out additional new cases as medical professionals continue to evaluate members of the embassy community,  spokesperson Heather Nauert said in a statement. ",1
16878,Lebanese court issues death sentence over 1982 Gemayel assassination,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s top court on Friday sentenced Habib Shartouni to death for the 1982 assassination of president-elect Bashir Gemayel, an event that was a turning point in Lebanon s 15-year civil war.  Shartouni, a member of the Syrian Socialist Nationalist Party (SSNP), admitted his part in the bombing in the 1980s and was tried in absentia after escaping from prison in 1990 following eight years in detention.  He was quoted in an interview in Lebanon s al-Akhbar newspaper on Thursday saying the timing of the trial was political and that he had lived in Syria between 1994 and 2004. He did not reveal his present location.  Gemayel was killed less than a month after he was elected president and soon after he agreed to start discussing diplomatic ties with Israel. His assassination occurred during Israel s 1982 invasion of Lebanon, one of the bloodiest episodes in the civil war.  His death in a bombing that killed 32 other people on Sept. 14, 1982, still resonates among many Lebanese and triggered the massacre of Palestinians in Beirut s Sabra and Chatila refugee camps.  Supporters of both Shartouni and Gemayel have protested outside the court during the hearings.  Gemayel was head of the Lebanese Forces Christian militia, locked in conflict with leftist, Muslim and Palestinian factions, and his candidacy was backed by Israel.  Its invasion was aimed at driving from Lebanon the Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO), as well as the Syrian army, which had entered in 1976 as part of a peace deal.  After his assassination, Israel entered the capital Beirut and allowed Gemayel s militia, the Lebanese Forces, to access the Sabra and Chatila Palestinian refugee camps, where their  fighters killed hundreds of civilian refugees.  Gemayel s family is still one of the most important in Lebanese politics, heading the Kataeb party that was founded by his father. The Lebanese Forces militia later became a different political party headed by one of its commanders, Samir Geagea.  ",1
16879,Having nuclear weapons 'matter of life and death' for North Korea: agency,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Pyongyang does not plan to hold any talks with Washington about its nuclear program, a senior North Korean diplomat said on Friday, declaring that possessing nuclear weapons was a matter of life and death for North Korea, the RIA news agency reported. Tension has soared on the peninsula following a series of weapons tests by North Korea and a string of increasingly bellicose exchanges between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Trump, in a speech last month at the United Nations, threatened to  totally destroy  North Korea if necessary to defend itself and allies and called the North s leader a  rocket man  on a suicide mission. Choe Son-hui, director-general of the North American department of North Korea s foreign ministry, told a non-proliferation conference in Moscow Washington would  have to put up  with North Korea s nuclear status, RIA reported.  This is a matter of life and death for us. The current situation deepens our understanding that we need nuclear weapons to repel a potential attack.   We will respond to fire with fire.  Pyongyang would regard any attempts to strangle the country via U.N. Security Council sanctions as an attempt  to declare war . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, addressing the same conference earlier on Friday, urged world powers to get behind a joint Russian-Chinese roadmap for settling the crisis over North Korea s weapons program.  We are convinced that its implementation will promote the lessening of military activity and tension on the Korean peninsula and the forming in Northeastern Asia of a system of equal and indivisible security,  he said.  The plan proposes a moratorium on North Korea s missile and nuclear weapons tests, while South Korea and the United States suspend holding military exercises.  The main task at the current stage is to prevent a military conflict which will inevitably lead to a large-scale humanitarian, economic and ecological catastrophe,  Lavrov said.  All the sides involved should exercise restraint.     ",1
16880,North Korea says to continue nuclear tests: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A North Korean diplomat said on Friday that Pyongyang intended to continue its nuclear testing program in the interests of self-defense and accused U.S. President Donald Trump of playing  nuclear football,  the RIA news agency reported.  The diplomat, who RIA named as a member of the North Korean Foreign Ministry s U.S. Studies Department called Nam Hyok-Tsen, was cited as telling a non-proliferation conference in Moscow:  The Democratic People s Republic of Korea is constantly being convinced that developing nuclear weapons is the right choice. And we are strengthening our intention to conduct tests in order to offset the nuclear threat from the U.S.  RIA also quoted him as telling the same event that Trump had  thousands  of nuclear weapons at his disposal and that the U.S. leader was playing  nuclear football.   ",1
16881,Iran's Guards flex muscle in Middle East despite Trump warning,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A week after U.S. President Donald Trump delivered a blistering speech about Iran s Revolutionary Guards, the most powerful military and economic force in the Islamic Republic has shown it has no intention of curbing its activities in the Middle East. In defiance of other world powers, Trump chose in a speech last Friday not to certify that Tehran is complying with a pact to curb Iran s nuclear work and singled out the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), accusing Tehran of destabilizing the region. A senior IRGC commander said after the speech Trump was  acting crazy  and was following U.S. strategy of increasing  the shadow of war in the region . Iran s Shi ite militia proxies have made formidable military gains in recent months in Syria as well as Iraq, stretching from northern Iraq to a string of smaller cities and this week, after the Trump speech, re-captured the oil-rich city of Kirkuk.  In the short-run clearly Trump has increased the power and aggressiveness of the IRGC,  said Abbas Milani, the director of the Iranian Studies program at Stanford University.   The IRGC can t back down from a street fight. Their domestic and regional prestige is predicated on the fact that they fight a good fight and they don t back down.  The day after Trump spoke, the head of the Guards  al Quds overseas operations, Major General Qassem Soleimani, traveled to Iraq s Kurdistan region. He held talks about the escalating crisis between Kurdish authorities and the Iraqi government after a Kurdish independence referendum. The niece of the late Kurdish leader Jalal Talabani, Alaa Talabani, told the al Hadath TV channel that Soleimani met with members of her family on Saturday. He had come to pay respects to Jalal, a former Iraqi president and founder of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) party who died this month. Other Iraqi and Kurdish officials told Reuters Soleimani held meetings with Kurdish leaders to persuade them to retreat from Kirkuk ahead of the Iraqi army push into the city.  I don t deny that Mr. Qassem Soleimani gave us the advice to find a solution to Kirkuk,  she said.  He said Kirkuk should return to the (Iraqi) law and constitution and to have an agreement about Kirkuk and give up the intransigence about the referendum which was a decision not thought out.  Within days, Iran s mostly Shi ite allies in Baghdad launched a lightning assault, pushing Kurdish fighters out of disputed territories such as Kirkuk and consequently strengthening Iran s hand in Iraq. Commanders of the Kurdish forces, known as the Peshmerga, have accused Iran of orchestrating the Shi ite-led Iraqi central government s push into areas under their control, a charge senior Iranian officials have denied. A video posted by the Kurdish Rudaw channel online on Wednesday showed an Iraqi Shi ite militiaman loyal to Iran hanging a picture of Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei in the Kirkuk governorate office. Iran, which has a large Kurdish minority, has reason to be wary of Iraqi Kurdish independence. It fears it might encourage its own Kurds, who have also pushed for separatism. After the independence vote in Iraqi Kurdistan on September 25, videos posted online showed hundreds of people celebrating in the streets in the Kurdish areas of Iran. FRONT-LINE PLAYER Regional analysts say the emergence of Iran in Iraq, Syria, Kurdistan and Lebanon, where it wields influence through its allied Shi ite Lebanese Hezbollah militia, means Tehran has become a front-line player in the region which Washington could not afford to ignore.  Trump s stupidity should not distract us from America s deceitfulness ... If the U.S. tears up the (nuclear) deal, we will shred it,  said Khamenei.  Americans are angry because the Islamic Republic of Iran has managed to thwart their plots in Lebanon, Syria, Iraq and other countries in the region.    Speaking after Trump s speech, Amir Ali Hajizadeh, head of the Guards  aerospace division, said:  From the start of the Islamic revolution ... (presidents) have increased the shadow of war in the region ...  Dear brothers and sisters today Trump is acting crazy to gain concessions through this method.            The ramping up of tension could put the two countries on a collision course in the Gulf where clashes have only been narrowly avoided in recent months. Small boats from the Revolutionary Guards  navy veered close to U.S. naval vessels in the Gulf at least twice this year, prompting the U.S. military to fire warning shots and flares. In August, an unarmed Iranian drone came within 100 feet (31 meters) of a U.S. Navy warplane, risking a crash, according to a U.S. official. Some recent naval showdowns between Iran and the United States took place near the Strait of Hormuz, a waterway where up to 30 percent of global oil exports pass annually. During the presidential campaign last September, Trump vowed that any Iranian vessels that harassed the U.S. Navy in the Gulf would be  shot out of the water . The Guards could also target U.S. forces in Iraq and Syria through tens of thousands of loyal Shi ite militia fighters without directly acknowledging a role in any attacks.  The IRGC can claim ignorance of Shi ite militia attacks against the U.S. military,  said Ali Alfoneh, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council who has done extensive research on the Guards. In early October, an American soldier was killed in Iraq by an explosively formed penetrator, or EFP, a type of roadside bomb which was often used by Iran s Shi ite militia proxies in Iraq, according to the U.S. military.  This is the first time that we ve seen it used in this area,  U.S. Army Colonel Ryan Dillon, a coalition spokesman, said. Dillon said the U.S. military has not yet concluded who carried out the attack. Dozens of American soldiers in Iraq were killed and injured by EFPs used by militia groups linked to Iran after the 2003 invasion of Iraq by U.S. forces, according to the U.S. military. Asked about the threat posed by Shi ite militias allied with Iran in Iraq and Syria, particularly after Trump s speech, Dillon said:  We re always assessing the threats no matter where they come from. During certain announcements or certain dates or when certain events happen, we make proper adjustments.  Trump s new plan, observers say, will also weaken a group that had made progress in curbing the Guards  political and economic ambitions in recent years: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and the pragmatist politicians in his cabinet. Since becoming president in 2013, Rouhani and members of his cabinet repeatedly pushed back against the Guards  economic influence and involvement in political matters. Now, Rouhani s push against the Guards has been tempered because of the hardening in Trump s approach to Tehran, regional observers said.  What this has done is that even those who were critics are now defending the Revolutionary Guards,  said Nasser Hadian-Jazy, a political science professor at Tehran University.     ",1
16882,French defense minister: scrapping nuclear deal would be gift to Iran hardliners,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - France wants to take action to tackle Iran s missile program and  destabilizing  behavior but believes scrapping the 2015 nuclear deal would help hardliners and be a step towards future war, France s defense minister said on Friday.  We need the JCPOA. Scrapping it would be a gift to Iran s hardiners, and a first step towards future wars,  Florence Parly said in a speech at a Washington think tank, referring to the nuclear deal known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.  But we should also be very serious about the destabilizing ballistic and regional activities. We are working on it.  Parly is the first French minister to visit the United States since President Donald Trump s refusal to certify the 2015 Iran nuclear deal. She held talks with her American counterpart James Mattis and White House National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster. While Trump did not pull the United States out of the agreement, he gave the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to re-impose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the pact agreed between Iran and six world powers. That has alarmed its European allies, who fear the deal will slowly unravel.  The issue is now in Congress. France has no desire to be embroiled in U.S. domestic politics, but our position on the agreement is clear.    ",1
16883,U.S. House to vote on non-nuclear Iran sanctions next week,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives will vote next week on new sanctions on Iran s ballistic missile program and on Lebanon s Iran-backed Hezbollah militia, senior House Republicans said on Friday, seeking to take a tough line against Iran without immediately moving to undermine the international nuclear deal.  It is Congress  responsibility to work with the executive branch on a clear-eyed strategy to stop Iran s reckless behavior,  Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, the number two House Republican, and Representative Ed Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said in a joint statement emailed to Reuters.  Immediate action towards this goal will come from the House next week as we vote on legislation that furthers sanctions on Hezbollah and Iran s missile proliferation,  they said. President Donald Trump defied both allies and adversaries on Oct. 13 by refusing to certify that Iran is complying with an international agreement on its nuclear program, and threatened that he might ultimately terminate the accord. That threw the fate of the agreement between Iran, the United States and other world powers into the hands of Congress, by opening a 60-day window in which Congress could reimpose, or   snap back,  sanctions on Iran s nuclear program that were lifted under the agreement. However, many of Trump s fellow Republicans - who all opposed the deal reached under former Democratic President Barack Obama - have said they see no immediate need to do so. Congressional aides said that, for now, House lawmakers are focusing on clamping down on Iran in other ways such as the missile and Hezbollah sanctions. In the Senate, a separate effort is under way to amend existing U.S. law to set new conditions for the U.S. role in the pact, although critics said such a plan could violate terms of the deal, formally known as the JCPOA. Britain, France and Germany, European U.S. allies who signed the agreement, are particularly concerned about Trump s action and have lobbied Congress to preserve the nuclear pact. Among other things, the ballistic missiles bill would toughen existing sanctions by going after entities with assets outside the United States if they were found to support Iran s ballistic missile program. It has broad bipartisan support in the House, and also is expected to pass the Senate. The Hezbollah bill is directed at the Shi ite militia s allies in Lebanon s government and asks the Trump administration to estimate and distribute assessments of the net worth of Lebanese politicians. The Senate has already unanimously passed a different version of the Hezbollah sanctions bill. ",1
16884,Zuma spokesman dismisses reports South African deputy president may be sacked,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Jacob Zuma s spokesman said on Friday there was no basis for reports that the South African president would axe his deputy Cyril Ramaphosa, speculation about which has weighed on the currency and bonds. The ruling African National Congress (ANC) party, of which Zuma is leader and Ramaphosa deputy, has been riven by bitter infighting ahead of a party conference in December at which a new leader will be chosen.      It s rumors and gossip, and we don t comment on them at all,  Zuma s spokesman Bongani Ngqulunga told Reuters. Ramaphosa, a trade unionist-turned-business tycoon, is viewed as the most likely rival candidate to Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, the former chairwoman of the African Union, who is Zuma s pick for the leadership and is the president s ex-wife.  He has recently stepped up criticism of Zuma s scandal-plagued government. Asked in parliament on Thursday whether he might be sacked, Ramaphosa said only that he would accept the president s decision if he lost his job. On Friday, a spokesman for the deputy president said:  We are aware of the speculation, but it is just speculation.      Trade union federation Cosatu and the South African Communist Party (SACP), both partners in the ANC s ruling alliance, have endorsed Ramaphosa, 64, for the leadership. South Africa will elect a new president in 2019, and whoever the ANC picks in December is likely to take over from 75-year-old Zuma as the country s leader. Zuma is under pressure to step down before then, with a recent South African court ruling that nearly 800 corruption charges against him should be reinstated prompting more calls for the president to go. Zuma reshuffled his cabinet for the second time in seven months on Tuesday, irking some within the ruling alliance by sacking a minister belonging to the SACP and appointing a close ally to oversee an opaque nuclear deal.  Analysts say Zuma may make further changes before December to strengthen his hand going into the ANC s elective conference. Speculation that he might remove Ramaphosa, who was the ANC s chief negotiator during the 1990s transition from apartheid, weighed on the rand and bonds, which underperformed emerging market peers on Friday versus a firmer dollar.  Other emerging markets are weaker but not as much as the rand. That s because of lingering political uncertainty, especially these rumors about Zuma axing Ramaphosa,  said currency dealer at TreasuryOne Wichard Cilliers. Ramaphosa told parliament on Thursday that  if (Zuma s) decision is to remove me, I will accept that as a decision that will be taken by the president and I will continue serving the people of South Africa in one form, shape or another . Speaking on Friday, Ramaphosa returned to the subject of corruption within the government and state-owned companies, which is expected to be a main theme of his leadership campaign.   Our state has been captured by people who ... want to milk the state, who want to rob our country of the money that belongs to the people,  Ramaphosa told members of the National Education Health & Allied Workers  Union (Nehawu) in Cape Town.     Our state is now being talked about in the rest of the world in the most negative terms, captured by certain interests, by certain families, by certain individuals.  Wealthy friends of Zuma, the Guptas, have been accused by ANC and opposition politicians of using their close relationship with the president and his allies to influence the awarding of government contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars.  Zuma and the Guptas have denied any wrongdoing and the Indian-born South African businessmen and their companies have not been charged with any crime in South Africa.  Regulators in the United States and Britain are looking into links between the Gupta family, the South African government, and banks they may have used to move money as a corruption investigation escalates. In a statement on Friday, Dlamini-Zuma denied she had any links to the Gupta family. ",1
16885,Zuma given November 30 deadline ahead of South Africa decision on graft charges,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) has given President Jacob Zuma until Nov. 30 to make submissions before it  decides whether to reinstate 783 corruption charges filed against him before he became president, it said on Friday. The Supreme Court of Appeal last Friday upheld a High Court ruling to reinstate the charges against Zuma. They were set aside in April 2009 by the then-head of the NPA, paving the way for Zuma to run for president later that year. The ruling by the appeals court amplified calls for Zuma, 75, to step down before his term as president ends in 2019. A spokesman for Zuma was not immediately available.  Zuma has faced a series of corruption allegations, most recently over leaked emails that suggest his friends the influential Gupta family may have used their influence to secure state contracts for their companies. Zuma and the Guptas deny wrongdoing. Following last Friday s ruling, the NPA was required to make a decision on the charges, which relate to a 30 billion rand ($2 billion) government arms deal arranged in the 1990s. Zuma requested the NPA to give him a chance to make representations before deciding whether to proceed against him. On Friday, the NPA accepted that request but said any further submissions by Zuma should be on issues not previously considered by authorities. The NPA also asked anti-corruption officials to report on the availability of the witnesses in the case by Nov. 30. Mmusi Maimane, leader of the main opposition party, the Democratic Alliance, welcomed the NPA s action but said in a statement:  We are of the belief that Jacob Zuma is being afforded special treatment .... Any other person would be hauled before a court and charged. It was unclear how long the NPA would take to decide on whether to charge Zuma after receiving his submissions. It was also unclear what would happen to the charges if the NPA decides not to proceed.  ",1
16886,Malawi arrests 140 in clampdown after 'vampirism' killings,"LILONGWE (Reuters) - Police in Malawi said they arrested 140 suspected members of vigilante mobs that have targeted people accused of vampirism, clamping down after a wave of attacks in which at least nine have been lynched. The mob attacks began in mid-September in four districts in southern Malawi, where belief in witchcraft is widespread. This week they spread to Blantyre, the country s second-biggest city, where mobs torched one person and stoned another to death on Wednesday.  We have so far arrested 140 people we suspect are behind the mob killings in Blantyre and other districts and the investigations are still going on,  Lexon Kachama, inspector general of Malawi Police, told reporters. Police were doing everything possible to contain the situation and ensure the violence did not spread to other cities and townships, he said. Information minister Nicholaus Dausi told Reuters that the government will put soldiers on the streets to stem the vampire rumours that have resulted in nine deaths.  We are deploying the army in townships and districts affected to help police calm down the situation and save lives,  Dausi said. President Peter Mutharika has also been visiting parts of the country affected by the violence. The United Nations and U.S. embassy have blacklisted several districts in Malawi as dangerous zones for staffers and nationals. Earlier this month the UN pulled staff out of two areas in southern Malawi. ",1
16887,Death of a blogger casts shadow over murky Malta,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - Daphne Caruana Galizia posted two items last Monday on her popular blog, one ridiculing Malta s opposition leader for having rounded shoulders, the other denouncing a senior government official as a  crook .  A typical morning s work done, she set off in her white Peugeot 108 to run an errand, but barely made it past her front gate before a bomb tore through the car, throwing it into an adjacent field and killing her instantly. Her death shocked Malta, the smallest nation in the European Union, which has been engulfed by a wave of graft scandals, including accusations of money laundering and influence peddling in government   all of which have been denied. Caruana Galizia exposed many of these cases and was loved by her readers as a fearless, anti-corruption crusader. Critics saw her as a muck-raking fantasist. Prime Minister Joseph Muscat, her main target, promised everything would be done to find her killers, but friends and family have low expectations that anyone will be brought to justice, seeing murky powers behind a very professional hit.  She had to be done away with because she couldn t be bought off,  said Manuel Delia, a blogger who described the 53-year-old Caruana Galizia as his mentor.  She was a polemicist, a provocateur and a critic. She was unique in Malta.   A trail-blazing journalist, Caruana Galizia was one of Malta s first political columnists in the 1990s at a time when its newspapers were staid and male-dominated. The confines of established media frustrated her and in 2008 she set up her blog   Running Commentary   a one-woman operation which drew up to 400,000 page views a day, matching the volumes recorded on the websites of the largest dailies. She sometimes posted more than 30 items a day, mixing caustic commentary with tabloid gossip and detailed graft allegations, supplied by what she called her  network of spies .  The blog allowed her to express herself exactly as she wanted and expose abuse wherever she saw it,  said Petra Caruana Dingli, a friend of the slain writer. Much of the criticism was leveled against Muscat and his leftist Labour party, which won power in 2013 after a nearly quarter of a century of uninterrupted rule by the conservative Nationalist Party, itself tainted by corruption scandals. Malta, a rocky archipelago 100 km (60 miles) south of Sicily with a population of 430,000, has no major soccer clubs or religious divisions. Instead, people define themselves by their politics, and Caruana Galizia was seen in the Nationalist camp. She denied being in anyone s camp, but said Labour was turning Malta into a mafia state   something the party rejects.  She was a fierce Labour critic, but definitely not a fair critic,  said Glenn Bedingfield, a Labour parliamentarian.  She made very personal attacks over the way we looked, the way we dressed. She used to ridicule anyone associated with the Labour Party camp. She was not kind. She hurt a lot of people.  She could also shake the party to its core. Last year, in the so-called Panama Papers, she found Muscat s chief of staff and one of his ministers had Panama-registered companies. She said they created the firms to hide bribes. They denied wrongdoing. This year, she said she had proof Muscat s wife also owned a Panama-based company that allegedly received $1 million from Azerbaijan, which has growing commercial ties with Malta.  She denied the accusations, as did Muscat, who instigated an investigation. Magistrates heard evidence from Caruana Galizia, but have yet to release their findings. Muscat called snap elections for June, saying he wanted a fresh mandate to prevent political uncertainty from damaging the economy, the strongest performer in the European Union. Critics such as Caruana Galizia say the economic success is fueled by schemes such as selling Maltese passports to foreigners, or handing out licences that have turned Malta into the online gambling capital of Europe. The government says these initiatives are legitimate, and voters returned Muscat to office with a stable majority.  Stunned by his victory, Caruana Galizia halted work on her blog for a month to spend time with her three sons and take care of her much loved house and garden. She returned in the summer with a surprise new target   Adrian Delia who was looking to become leader of the Nationalist Party (NP). Some NP supporters saw it as a betrayal and vilified her in  social media.  People called her a hag, a slut, a witch,  said her friend Caruana Dingli.  It took its toll, but she carried on regardless.   Going where newspapers feared to tread, Caruana Galizia accused Delia of drawing money from a London-based prostitution racket. He denied this and filed five libel suits. Caruana Galizia received 36 libel suits in the past nine months alone, including 19 from a property developer, while the economy minister persuaded the courts to freeze her bank account to ensure she could pay up if she lost a case against him.  The libel suits were part of a wider strategy to shut her up,  said Corinne Vella, one of Caruana Galizia s three sisters.  They seemed to be designed to eat up her time and money.  Caruana Galizia came from a well-to-do family and her husband was a successful lawyer. Besides her blog, she also edited a glossy magazine and wrote newspaper columns. She was confident she would win the Malta libel suits, where, in any case, maximum damages total 11,647 euros ($13,728). Four days after her killing, police say they have made no arrests and predict it will take weeks to accumulate all the evidence.  I think people silence journalists not because of what they have written, but because of what they are planning to write,  Muscat told Reuters in his office in Valletta. Caruana Galizia s friends and family say they were not aware she had uncovered any explosive new stories.  I asked her if she had any more. She told me:  Isn t what I have got enough?  said blogger Manuel Delia. ",1
16888,"Three police officers killed, eight injured in shoot-out in Giza: security sources","CAIRO (Reuters) - Three police officers were killed and eight others injured in a shoot-out during a raid on a suspected militant hideout in Giza, southwest of the Egyptian capital, two security sources said on Friday. The sources said authorities were following a lead to an apartment thought to house eight suspected members of Hasm, a group which has claimed several attacks around the capital targeting judges and policemen since last year. The suspected militants fled after the exchange of fire there, the sources said. Egypt accuses Hasm of being a militant wing of the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group it outlawed in 2013. The Muslim Brotherhood denies this. An Islamist insurgency in the Sinai peninsula has grown since the military overthrew President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in mid-2013 following mass protests against his rule. The militant group staging the insurgency pledged allegiance to Islamic State in 2014. It is blamed for the killing of hundreds of soldiers and policemen and has started to target other areas, including Egypt s Christian Copts. ",1
16889,France to give 15 million euros in aid for Syrian areas freed from Islamic State,"PARIS (Reuters) - France will provide 15 million euros ($17.65 million) in aid for areas liberated by the U.S.-led coalition from Islamic State in Syria, its foreign minister said on Friday.  I have decided to allocate additional funds of 15 million euros up to the end of the year for food, de-mining, displaced people, water and health,  Jean-Yves Le Drian said in a statement, without saying who would manage the funds.  France also hopes that the governance of these territories will meet the needs and aspirations of the populations and facilitate reconciliation.  ",1
16890,'Unacceptably high' number of Afghans flee military training in U.S.: report,"KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan soldiers and police brought to the United States for training go  absent without leave  at far higher rates than those of any other country, potentially imperilling efforts to assist Afghan security forces, a U.S. watchdog said on Friday. Of the 320 foreign military trainees who left while on courses in the United States from 2005 to 2017, 152 - or more than 47 percent - were Afghans, said a report by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR). The State Department called that number  unacceptably high . SIGAR found that the rate of asylum seekers among Afghan military trainees rose in recent years as violence in the Islamist Taliban insurgency spread across Afghanistan and security forces sustained heavy casualties. In 2016, for example, the percentage of Afghan trainees who went AWOL (absent without leave) jumped from an historical average of about 6 or 7 percent to 13 percent, the report noted. That s compared to an average of about .07 percent of trainees from other countries, according to SIGAR.  The tendency of Afghan trainees in the United States to go AWOL may hinder the operational readiness of their home units, negatively impact the morale of fellow trainees and home units, and pose security risks to the United States,  it concluded. Only 27 of the Afghans who left their training have been arrested or removed by U.S. police, SIGAR said, with most of the other 83 either unaccounted for or having fled the United States.  Many of the Afghans who seek asylum in the United States say their lives would be in danger if they returned home. Although Afghan trainees are considered  high risk  because of their military training and  fighting age,  SIGAR said it was   not aware of any acts of terrorism or similarly serious acts  involving them. In response to the high number of Afghans who go AWOL, the U.S. government has reduced the number of training courses it offers, and Afghan commanders are also more reluctant to allow their troops to attend. That has disappointed some members of the Afghan security forces who told SIGAR they are paying a price because of their colleagues who run away.  If a student absconds, it affects his unit,  one Afghan officer told investigators. Between 2005 and 2017 the U.S. military brought more than 2,500 Afghan soldiers and police to the United States for training, including programs that trained pilots for the nascent Afghan Air Force and special forces, according to SIGAR.  ",1
16891,Eyes on Odinga as Kenya election board CEO takes leave before vote,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s opposition leader Raila Odinga, who says he will boycott a presidential election re-run due next week, said on Friday he would announce a  way forward  the day before the scheduled poll, raising the possibility he might participate after all. At a memorial in western Kenya for opposition supporters killed in protests against the vote set for Oct. 26, Odinga told his supporters not to attack  innocent people  including people who support his rival President Uhuru Kenyatta. He did not comment on an announcement by the electoral board chief executive Ezra Chiloba earlier on Friday that he would take three weeks  leave. Kenya is holding the re-run after the Supreme Court threw out the result of an Aug. 8 election won by the incumbent Kenyatta but disputed by the challenger Odinga. The opposition leader has refused to participate in the re-run, arguing that reforms were needed first to prevent fraud. The opposition has demanded Chiloba resign, and the announcement that he will not participate in running the vote suggests progress in behind-the-scenes negotiations involving Western diplomats and religious and civil society leaders. Uncertainty over whether Odinga will participate in the election and concerns that it may not proceed peacefully have left Kenya, a traditionally stable Western ally in an often chaotic region, mired in political crisis. The volatile build-up to the Oct. 26 vote has revived memories for Kenyans of ethnically charged violence that killed around 1,200 people after a disputed election in 2007, when Odinga also lost and disputed the result. Chiloba told Reuters that, in light of the opposition s demands, he was going on leave, and that all arrangements for next week s vote were in place. At least 45 people died nationwide in a police crackdown on opposition supporters after the August vote, including a six-month old baby struck on the head by a police baton. With Odinga yet to respond to Chiloba s decision to go on leave, diplomats said they were unsure what would happen next.  The crystal ball is very cloudy at the moment,  a senior western diplomat in Nairobi told Reuters.  The situation is changing by the hour.  The electoral board has said next week s election will go ahead. Odinga met its chairman Wafula Chebukati on Thursday and later told reporters that if there were serious consultations and serious reforms, the opposition could review its boycott. Chebukati had said a day earlier that he could not guarantee the election would be free and fair, citing interference from politicians and threats of violence against colleagues. A fellow board member resigned this week after fleeing to the United States, saying she feared for her life. The opposition has held near-daily protests demanding electoral reforms and the sacking of board officials. Police said on Friday four people were killed as a result of their interventions to stop demonstrations.  Kenyatta has meanwhile urged Kenyans to come out in large numbers to vote, insisting the ballot be held. On Thursday, he snubbed an invitation to meet Chebukati, saying he would instead spend the time campaigning. In a speech in Nairobi on Friday, Kenyatta said the election must not divide the nation or push it to the brink. Disruptions of the vote by  those who thrive in chaos and relish anarchy  would not be tolerated, and security forces  have been enhanced and appropriately deployed to maintain law and order , he said. ",1
16892,Britain wants Brexit accord but prepared for a 'no deal': Davis,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain wants to reach agreement over the terms of its departure from the European Union but is prepared for a  no deal  scenario, Brexit minister David Davis said on Friday.  We don t want a  no deal,  but if one comes, we ll be ready for it,  Davis told broadcasters. ",1
16893,"Raqqa to be part of 'federal Syria', U.S.-backed militia says","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Raqqa will be part of a decentralized federal Syria now the city has been freed from Islamic State, the U.S.-backed militias that captured it said on Friday, tying its political future to Kurdish-led autonomy plans for northern Syria. The Kurdish-dominated Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) said the people of the majority Arab city and surrounding province would decide their own future  within the framework of a decentralized, federal, democratic Syria . In a declaration formally announcing Raqqa s liberation from Islamic State after four months of battles, the SDF pledged  to protect the frontiers of the province against all external threats , and to hand control to a civil council from the city. The U.S.-backed SDF, which is led by Kurdish militia fighters and also includes Arabs, captured the Syrian de-facto capital of Islamic State s self-proclaimed caliphate this week in a decisive defeat for the group that had ruled over millions of people from central Syria to northern Iraq. In Syria, the fight against Islamic State has taken place amid a wider, multi-sided civil war between the government of President Bashar al-Assad, who is backed by Iran and Russia, and an array of rebel groups supported by other powers. Kurdish-led authorities in other parts of the north say they want a federal system that would allow regions to rule themselves without central control by the center. They have been moving ahead with plans set it up, despite discouragement from their U.S. allies and strong opposition from both Turkey and the Syrian government in Damascus.  Turkey views the rise of Kurdish power in Syria as a threat to its national security, viewing Kurdish groups in northern Syria as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK), which is fighting a three-decade insurgency in Turkey. Turkey said on Friday that a huge banner of jailed PKK founder Abdullah Ocalan unfurled in central Raqqa by the U.S.-backed Kurdish forces was proof that Washington had been working with terrorists. The Kurdish-led autonomy plans in Syria have advanced as diplomacy has failed to make any progress towards a political solution to the six-year-long war. Assad, who is fast regaining territory in Syria s most populous eastern regions with Iranian and Russian military support, has repeatedly said the state will recover all Syria. Asked about the SDF statement, Ali Haidar, the Syrian government minister responsible for national reconciliation, said Raqqa s future could only be discussed  as part of the final political structure of the Syrian state . The SDF, dominated by the Kurdish YPG militia, has established control over swathes of northern Syria in operations backed by the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State, mostly avoiding conflict with Russian-backed pro-government forces. Spokesman Talal Silo reaffirmed the SDF s plan to hand control of Raqqa to a civil council formed of people from the city, and to hand over internal security to a police force drawn from local recruits. He called Raqqa s liberation  the final chapter  of a struggle that began against Islamic State from the town of Kobani some three years ago, though the SDF is still fighting the jihadist group in Deir al-Zor province. The United States has said it will take the lead in helping to clear rubble and restore basic services to the city. With Islamic State s self-declared  caliphate  crumbling in its last remaining Syrian strongholds, Assad s Russian allies said on Thursday the fight with the jihadist group would soon be over. President Vladimir Putin expressed hope a new peace conference could be convened, though the Kremlin said on Friday it was too early to discuss the timing or venue for the proposed  congress of the peoples of Syria . ",1
16894,France's Macron says Raqqa fall not end of battle against Islamic State,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron said on Friday that France s military would continue its fight against lslamic State in Syria, but that the fall of the militant group s bastion in Raqqa needed to lead to an inclusive political system to restore stability.  The battle against Islamic State did not end with the fall of Raqqa and France will maintain its military effort as long as necessary,  Macron s office said in a statement.  The challenges of stabilization and reconstruction will not be less than those of the military campaign.  In a declaration formally announcing Raqqa s liberation from Islamic State after four months of battles, the Kurdish-dominated Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) said on Friday that Raqqa would be part of a decentralized federal Syria.  France has supplied weapons to the SDF, has special forces operating in the region and has been one of core countries bombing militants as part of the U.S.-led coalition. The statement also said it was vital that governance in Raqqa respected all communities.  This principle should apply first and foremost to the city of Raqqa, under conditions that will enable the restoration of normal living conditions, the return of the displaced and refugee populations, and the sustainable return of peace and stability,  the statement said.  The fight against Islamic State has taken place amid a wider, multi-sided civil war between the government of President Bashar al-Assad, who is backed by Iran and Russia, and an array of rebel groups supported by other powers.  Syria must finally find a way out of the civil war, which has fueled terrorism since the suppression of the democratic movement by the Bashar al-Assad regime. A negotiated political transition is more necessary than ever,  the statement said. ",1
16895,Turkey says Kurdish militant banner in Raqqa shows U.S. sided with terrorists,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey said on Friday that a huge banner of jailed Kurdish militant leader Abdullah Ocalan unfurled in central Raqqa by U.S.-backed Kurdish forces would further harm already fraught relations between Ankara and Washington. The banner of Ocalan was raised on Thursday at a ceremony to mark Raqqa s capture from Islamic State in a campaign spearheaded by Kurdish Syrian YPG fighters, with military support from the United States. Turkey considers the YPG to be an extension of Ocalan s Kurdistan Worker s Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade insurgency in Turkey s southeast and is designated a terrorist organization by the United States, European Union and Turkey. Ankara says that weapons supplied to fighters in Syria have ended up in PKK hands, threatening Turkish security.  I wonder what more evidence the U.S. needs to accept that the ... YPG is a terrorist organization,  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim told reporters as he left a mosque in Istanbul.  Displaying a photograph of the PKK terrorist leader damages U.S.-Turkey relations very seriously. With this move, the U.S. is not only cooperating with terrorists, but they are endangering the future of Syria.  The banner of Ocalan was raised on Thursday by an all-female Kurdish militia. Kurdish YPG commanders and fighters were also shown chanting  Long Live Apo! , as Ocalan is known by his followers, in a video of celebrations distributed by the YPG press office. President Tayyip Erdogan echoed Yildirim s condemnation.     How can the U.S. explain the poster of Ocalan in Raqqa? Is this the way they are cooperating with us in the struggle against terror?  he said.  You are not standing by us against terrorism. You wouldn t allow this if you were.  Ocalan has been in jail in Turkey since 1999 on a treason conviction. He negotiated a truce from his prison cell, but the ceasefire broke down two years ago and thousands have died in mainly Kurdish southeast Turkey in renewed violence since then. The banner incident comes amid a diplomatic spat between Ankara and Washington over the detention of a Turkish employee of the U.S. consulate in Istanbul that has seen the two countries suspend visa services for each other s citizens. ",1
16896,"Turkey to allow muftis to conduct weddings, sparking uproar on left","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s parliament approved a law to allow some state-employed religious officials to administer civil marriages, a move opposition parties view as another blow to secularism and women s rights under President Tayyip Erdogan. The law, passed late on Thursday, will allow muftis - officials employed by the state s Religious Affairs Directorate - to perform civil marriages that were previously administered only by municipal officials. The secularist main opposition Republican Peoples Party (CHP) has vowed to take the law to the Constitutional Court  as soon as possible , while the leftist pro-Kurdish Peoples  Democratic Party (HDP) has also opposed it. Critics fear the new law could lead to an increase in underage marriages, citing the religious ceremonies practiced in rural areas where brides are sometimes under 18.  This paves the way for child brides because according to Islam, there is no age limit, a girl who has reached puberty can get married,  CHP Deputy Chairman Ozgur Ozel told Reuters.  Ozel said the law included  constitutional breaches  and disregarded the founding values of the constitutionally secular Turkish republic. Civil marriage under the age of 18 is illegal in Turkey, although in rural parts of the Sunni Muslim nation of 80 million religious ceremonies are common. HDP lawmaker Huda Kaya said the law was a  slightly formalized  version of a previous controversial proposal that critics said could allow men accused of sexually abusing girls to avoid punishment if they marry their victims. The proposal was retracted from parliament last year after a public uproar.  They say this is against secularism. The church does this in the West,  Erdogan said last week. Erdogan, whose roots are in political Islam, and his ruling AK Party say the law is designed to speed up the officiating of weddings, normally carried out by mayors at municipal offices. But one CHP lawmaker, Ali Seker, said each state official had on average fewer than one wedding to conduct per day last year, citing official statistics during a debate in parliament. The law states that the offices of muftis will be given the right to carry out weddings, meaning the religious officials could also appoint Muslim clerics or imams to officiate civil weddings - an authority that has never been granted to non-state employees in modern Turkey.  This is the act of legalising a social event that is part of Turkey s traditions. The spirit of the laws must be in harmony with the spirit of social life,  Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gul said. Erdogan has spent his political career fighting to bring religion back into public life in Turkey and has cast himself as the liberator of millions of pious Turks whose rights and welfare were neglected under the secular elite. Liberal Turks see Erdogan as attempting to roll back the work of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the Western-facing founder of modern Turkey.  This is a clear alternative to secularism. Even bringing this bill on the agenda is igniting a spark against secularism,  said Canan Gullu, chairwoman of the Turkish Women s Associations Federation, told Reuters.  No matter what they do, women s fight will continue, and democracy and secularism will survive.  ",1
16897,Russian aerobatics team joins Serbian display of air power,"BELGRADE (Reuters) - Russia s elite aerobatic team zoomed over Serbia s military airport on Friday as Belgrade exhibited its newest fighter jets in a display demonstrating close ties between the fellow Slavic, Orthodox Christian countries. Serbia has sought to balance ambitions to join the European Union with continued warm relations to Russia, which backed Belgrade s ultimately failed effort to prevent its ex-province of Kosovo from seceding and declaring independence. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu attended Friday s air show, staged to commemorate the liberation of Belgrade from Nazi Germany by the Soviet Red Army and Yugoslav Communist partisans in 1944. Five of six MiG-29s donated to Serbia by Russia in 2016 - Serbia now has 10 MiGs in all, dating to 1987 - were painted in new grey camouflage and parked on the runway of Batajnica military base just outside Belgrade for the occasion.  Dear Mr Shoigu, thank you for these wonderful presents, thanks to the people of Russia and President (Vladimir) Putin,  Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic told Shoigu in Russian.  I hope our cooperation will be even better.  Russia s aerobatic team, the Swifts, demonstrated their flying skills while Serbian jets and air mobile infantry carried out a mock air security operation and assault on ground targets. Serbia has joined NATO s Partnership for Peace program but  is not pursuing membership of the alliance, which remains deeply unpopular among Serbs because of its 1999 air war to stop then-nationalist President Slobodan Milosevic s campaign to crush Kosovo s uprising by killing and expelling ethnic Albanians.  Last year, Belgrade signed a deal with Airbus  to buy nine H145M light helicopters with weapon pods to be used by both military and police. But Serbia, which in 2014 opened accession talks with the EU, remains attached to friendship with Russia, an ally that, for example, blocked independent Kosovo from becoming a member of the United Nations, at Belgrade s request. ",1
16898,Deadly Somalia blast reveals flaws in intelligence efforts,"NAIROBI/MOGADISHU (Reuters) - The size and methods of the latest truck bombing in Mogadishu show how international and Somali government efforts to stop the killings are failing, partly because intelligence gathering to counter such attacks is so disjointed, security sources say.   More than 300 people were killed in the bombing in the heart of the capital on Saturday, the deadliest attack in the history of the Horn of Africa nation. The Islamist insurgency al Shabaab was blamed for the blasts, which happened when a car bomb and a truck bomb headed for the airport detonated prematurely.   Somali security services and the donor nations working with them are both to blame for disorganization in the divisions that are supposed to be working to detect and stop such attacks, said Hussein Moalim Mohamud Sheikh Ali, a former national security adviser to the president.   The national security architecture is in tatters,  he told Reuters.  The Shabaab attacks are a symptom of the greater political dysfunction of the state.   The increasing frequency and growing size of the attacks threaten the fragile security gains made in Somalia ahead of the withdrawal of African Union peacekeepers at the end of the year. They also are a concern for other countries in the region where al Shabaab is active, such as Kenya and Uganda. In 2016, 723 people died in 395 attacks in Somalia, up from 46 dead in 36 attacks in 2010, according to a confidential report produced earlier this year by Nairobi-based thinktank Sahan Research.  Initial swab tests at the site of the attack showed traces of potassium nitrate, a fertilizer component, indicating al Shabaab is now manufacturing explosives as well as buying them or harvesting them from munitions, experts say. Competing programs funded by different donor nations and the lack of a centralized database are hurting efforts to analyze intelligence related to improvised explosive devices (IEDs), four Western and one Somali security source told Reuters.  A letter from Somalia s minister of internal security addressed to the United States, Britain and the United Nations in May complained of competition and secrecy among agencies gathering intelligence.    Multiple actors involved means this process is highly disorganized ... causing a severe problem for the governmental counter-terrorism efforts,  said the letter, seen by Reuters.  The pressure is building on President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, who must ensure Somalia s fledgling security forces are ready to step in when the 22,000-strong AU force leaves. His government is already stalling on releasing a report into a joint U.S.-Somali raid on Bariire in August that residents say killed 10 civilians. Political disagreements threaten co-operation between Somalia s federal and regional forces.  Last week the minister of defense and army chief resigned, without giving reasons. The interior ministry spokesman resigned this week.  Somali police did not respond to requests for comment. HIGH-GRADE EXPLOSIVES Obtaining high-grade military explosives - the material that makes a bomb explode - involves harvesting them from captured munitions, or buying them from someone else.  Making their own explosive allows the insurgents to build more and bigger bombs, according to the Sahan report and an upcoming report from a U.N. panel of experts that monitors an arms embargo on Somalia. According to the U.N. report which is due to be published next month, the U.S. Terrorist Explosive Device Analytical Center, which is funded by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, has confirmed the presence of potassium nitrate in six major vehicle-borne bomb incidents since 2016.   The potential use of HME (home-made explosive) by al Shabaab would allow the group to rely less on the process of harvesting explosives from munitions, which is slow and laborious   allow(ing) the militant group to increase the frequency and explosive weight of its IEDs,  said the report.  Al Shabaab, which wants to overthrow Somalia s U.N.-backed government and impose strict Islamic law, has not yet claimed responsibility for Saturday s attack, in keeping with previous incidents in which large numbers of civilians have been killed. Mass civilian deaths have caused deep divisions among fighters, a security source with knowledge of discussions within the group said.  A former top al Shabaab commander, Mukhtar Robow Abu Mansur,  condemned the attack and was photographed by local media donating blood. Robow defected to the government in August after the U.S. government removed a $5 million bounty for his capture. Two Mogadishu-based security sources outlined the events leading up to the latest attack to Reuters. They said a car bomb and a truck bomb were deployed to hit Mogadishu International Airport, a warren of buildings ringed by barbed wire and blast walls that house contractors, diplomats and a European Union military training mission.   One bomb would have breached a checkpoint, opening the way for a larger bomb,  one of the Western security contractors told Reuters.  They also had fighters nearby ready to come inside the base.   The driver of the car bomb had been driving through checkpoints for a week ahead of the attack, paying small bribes and getting security forces used to his presence, he said.  A larger truck entered the city and passed through one checkpoint, but was stopped at one known as Kilometer Five. Panicking, he tried to force his way through, but got snarled in traffic next to a fuel truck.  I could see the truck speeding. I also heard few gunshots behind it. Police must have been chasing it,  said Mohamed Ali, 21, who was injured in the blast.   As it advanced it came to many cars in the street, then the truck driver swerved abruptly to the left lane, but its tyres got stuck in the highway divider. What followed was the blast and smoke.   The fireball tore through the intersection, incinerating hundreds of civilians. Many were too badly burned to be identified and were buried in mass graves.  The driver of the car bomb was detained at another checkpoint by soldiers who had taken him out for questioning before its bomb also detonated.  Three security sources told Reuters he identified himself as al Shabaab. ",1
16899,Georgian president reluctantly signs new constitution into law,"TBILISI (Reuters) - Georgian President Giorgi Margvelashvili on Friday reluctantly signed into law a new constitution that will do away with direct election for president and switch to a system of proportional representation in parliament. Margvelashvili, who unsuccessfully tried to veto the draft bill, said it was personally difficult for him to sign the document, but he did so in the interests of stability in the country which straddles an energy supply route to Europe and is an arena of strategic rivalry between Russia and the West.  Considering the country s internal and external challenges and the fact that we should do everything to avoid possible causes of detribalization, I am signing this document,  Margvelashvili said in a statement. Margvelashvili had originally sent the draft back to parliament with his objections which included opposing a call for an end to direct elections for president. But parliament overturned his veto. Margvelashvili, who was elected in 2013 for a five-year term, criticized the ruling Georgian Dream party for adopting the constitution without a consensus with other political forces in the ex-Soviet country.  It has been obvious since the very first day (of the constitutional reform process) that the ruling party aimed to adopt a one-party constitution,  he said. The next presidential election in Georgia is to be held in 2018 and it is not clear whether Margvelashvili, who is at odds with the ruling party on several issues, will stand again. MPs from the Georgian Dream said the constitutional reform process set a new constitutional tradition and culture in Georgia.  The amendments were introduced not to strengthen the ruling party s political positions, but ... to strengthen democracy in Georgia,  Irakli Kobakhidze, a parliamentary speaker said. The new constitution will enter into force following the next presidential election next year. ",1
16900,At least 46 attacks in area of Niger where U.S. troops killed: U.N.,"NIAMEY (Reuters) - A part of southwestern Niger where four U.S. Green Berets were killed during a mission the U.S. military had considered low-risk has seen at least 46 attacks by armed groups since early last year, a U.N. agency said on Friday. The deaths of the four U.S. soldiers and ensuing confusion over what happened during the Oct. 4 ambush have thrown a spotlight on the U.S. counter-terrorism mission in the West African nation, where about 800 U.S. troops are deployed. Four Nigerien soldiers were also killed. U.S. forces do not have a direct combat role in Niger and instead provide assistance to its army, including intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance support. Several Islamist militant groups are known to operate in the area near the border with Mali where the ambush occurred, however, and U.S. officials later said a local Islamic State affiliate was suspected of carrying it out. Following the attack near the village of Tongotongo, the U.S. military s Africa Command said the soldiers  mission to meet with local leaders was considered low-risk so there was no armed air cover.  According to non-exhaustive information gathered in the (Tahoua and Tillabery) regions, 46 attacks perpetrated by armed groups have been recorded,  a note from the U.N. humanitarian coordination agency said on Friday. Seven districts in the Tahoua and Tillabery have been under a state of emergency since March, and the government renewed the measure for an additional three months on Sept. 18. Niger s army launched a military operation to reestablish security in Tillabery in June.  The deadly incident has become a political football in Washington amid criticism of U.S. President Donald Trump s handling of condolence messages to the families of the dead soldiers. Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said on Thursday he may consider issuing a subpoena because he said the White House has not been forthcoming with details of the ambush. From initial accounts, the 40-member patrol, which included a dozen U.S. troops, came under attack by militants riding in a dozen vehicles and on about 20 motorcycles. Under heavy fire, U.S. troops called in French fighter jets for air support, but the firefight was at such close quarters that the planes could not engage and were instead left circling overhead. French aircraft evacuated the wounded, but the body of one of the dead soldiers was recovered by Nigerien soldiers only after two days. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told reporters on Thursday that the incident was under investigation and defended the military s response, even as he acknowledged that it did not yet have all the accurate information on the incident. ",1
16901,Germany will await prosecution 'ok' before delivering Israeli subs: Spiegel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany will wait for Israeli prosecutors to conclude all investigations in a corruption scandal involving Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu before delivering three submarines in a $2 billion defense deal, German magazine Der Spiegel reported. The weekly magazine reported that the German government had signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Israel under which a declaration by the Israeli government would not be regarded as sufficient evidence that the affair was concluded. The 2016 deal has been under public scrutiny since it emerged that Netanyahu s personal lawyer also represented the local agent of the German conglomerate ThyssenKrupp Marine Systems set to build the vessels. ",1
16902,Thousands of Somalis gather to mourn bomb victims,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Thousands of Somalis prayed in Mogadishu on Friday at a symbolic funeral for more than 300 people killed by the country s deadliest truck bombing. The truck detonated next to a fuel tanker on Saturday, creating a huge fireball that incinerated multi-story buildings. Around half the dead were burned beyond recognition, said authorities. The government conducted mass burials soon after the blast, in keeping with the Muslim practice of interring the dead as quickly as possible. Religious leader Abdi Hayi said mourners had decided to conduct a symbolic funeral six days on, as it had not been possible to give so many of the victims a proper send-off with prayers at a mosque.  Since we have not seen many bodies we came to conduct the funeral at the spot of the blast,  he said. The bomb attack was the deadliest since Islamist militant group al Shabaab began an insurgency in 2007. Al Shabaab has not claimed responsibility, but the al Qaeda-linked organization has increasingly used truck bombs. Somalia has been mired in conflict since 1991, when clan warlords overthrew a dictator then turned on each other. One of the poorest countries in Africa relies on foreign donors to support its institutions and basic services. The battle-scarred coastal city is on edge after the bombing. A central road in the city emptied quickly after locals suspected a minivan loaded with vegetables was carrying a bomb. As police checked the van, shopkeepers and residents fled the scene.   I closed my shop and ran away,  said shopkeeper Abdullahi Omar.  We have much fear and still the shock ... persisting in our minds.  ",1
16903,Belgian-based businessman challenges Grace Mugabe's diamond ring claim,"HARARE (Reuters) - A Belgian-based businessman on Friday challenged Zimbabwean First Lady Grace Mugabe s accusation that he duped her of a $1.35 million diamond ring and asked her to provide the court with evidence to back her lawsuit. President Robert Mugabe s wife Grace this week sued Jamal Hamed in a Harare High Court, accusing him of failing to deliver the 100 carat jewel she said she had ordered from him for her wedding anniversary last year. Grace, 52, who is seen as a possible successor to her 93-year-old husband, said Hamed had instead provided an inferior ring worth $30,000 and when she had complained had refunded only $120,000. But Hamed filed his own court application disputing the claim and demanded that Grace should supply the court with details such as a copy of the sale agreement and proof of payment before he put in his defense. Hamed s lawyer Beatrice Mtetwa said she had deposed the court papers on behalf of her client on Friday. In the court papers seen by Reuters, Hamed, a British national, said Grace should also provide proof that he in fact owned Zimbabwean companies the first lady wished to be sold to recover the money  When, exactly, is it alleged the payment was done? Full dates are required. Full details of the account holder, the account number and a copy of the account statement are required,  Hamed said in the court application. Grace s lawyer Wilson Manase did not answer his phone when contacted for comment. The court case has lifted a veil on the wealthy lifestyle of Mugabe and his wife, nicknamed  Gucci Grace  for her reputed dedication to shopping, at a time Zimbabwe is in the grip of a severe U.S. dollar crunch and cash shortages. ",1
16904,Irish student Ibrahim Halawa freed after four years in Egypt jail,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian authorities have released high-profile Irish detainee Ibrahim Halawa following his acquittal last month of charges including murder, in a four-year mass trial criticized by human rights groups. Halawa, a student, and three of his sisters were charged along with nearly 500 others with a host of crimes including breaking into a mosque, killing 44 people, and illegal possession of firearms in violence that followed the military s overthrow of Egypt s Islamist president, Mohamed Mursi, in 2013. Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told Irish national broadcaster RTE on Friday that Halawa was likely to be able to fly home by Monday following his release late on Thursday.   This is a great moment for Ibrahim and his family   a moment for celebration, and a moment for savoring freedom, and I want to wish Ibrahim Halawa and his family all health and happiness for the future,  Coveney said in a separate statement. Egyptian rights activists say they have faced the worst crackdown in their history under President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who was elected president in 2014, a year after as armed forces commander he led the military s toppling of Mursi. Halawa was 17 when he was arrested in 2013 with hundreds of others as part of the crackdown on protests. Since then he had been held in pre-trial detention, where he said he was regularly tortured. The defendants in the case had all faced the death penalty but none received it, though hundreds were given sometimes hefty jail sentences. Rights groups welcomed Halawa s release.  After four years of unjust detention, today Ibrahim Halawa finally walks free. He should never have been jailed in the first place and it is utterly outrageous that he was forced to spend a single minute of his young life behind bars.  said Najia Bounaim, North Africa Campaigns Director at Amnesty International. Reuters was not immediately able to reach Halawa s family for comment on Friday, but his sister Fatima told RTE in a radio interview:  It s beyond description ... It s amazing to finally know that Ibrahim is out and he s released and he s safe.  ",1
16905,French businesses seek clarity on Iran nuclear deal,"PARIS (Reuters) - French businesses and foreign and finance ministry officials will meet next week as they work together to understand better the consequences of U.S. President Donald Trump s refusal to certify the 2015 Iran nuclear deal.   Multi-nationals Total and Peugeot are among the most high profile companies to have signed new deals since the accord that provided sanctions relief for Iran and dozens of smaller French firms have also moved in or are looking to tap the Iranian market. According to an invitation sent to companies by the Medef business group, officials from the foreign ministry, finance ministry and France s business office in Tehran will offer on Tuesday an  analysis of the consequences of the non-certification  by Trump of the accord. European capitals are determined to keep alive an accord that offered Iran an economic lifeline and the Paris government wants to know how its companies might react to the U.S. move.  We re still assessing how firms are reacting to the Trump decision, but we are trying to not be overly alarmist with them,  said a French diplomatic source.   While Trump did not pull the United States out of the agreement, he gave the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to re-impose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the pact agreed between Iran and six world powers. Despite a long history of commercial, political and social links with Iran that even saw Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomenei in exile near Paris in 1979, France took one of the hardest lines of the six powers negotiating the nuclear agreement with Iran.      Since the deal was agreed, however, France has manoeuvred to deepen economic ties with Tehran and has repeatedly said it believes Iran is fully implementing the nuclear accord.  According to a notice on the Medef website, the discussion points include an explanation on the next steps at the U.S. Congress, the position of the accord s other signatories - Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China and the European Union - and the immediate consequences on companies already operating in Iran.  ",1
16906,Doubts about smoking gun as Duterte lauds China role in rebel killing,"MANILA/MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte was eager to credit new ally Beijing in the death of militant leader Isnilon Hapilon, saying it was a Chinese rifle that fired the bullet that finished off Islamic State s  emir  in Southeast Asia. The smoking gun that took out the region s most feared insurgent on Monday was one of the 100 sniper rifles donated by China, Duterte said, although the ranger unit conducting the operation said the shot was fired from a heavier weapon mounted on an armored vehicle. Duterte is a huge fan of the Chinese rifles and took a pot-shot himself in the direction of militants in Marawi City recently. Addressing businessmen and diplomats, he singled out ambassador Zhao Jianhua for China s support that led to the crucial killing.  I would like to officially inform you, Ambassador Zhao, that the rifle that killed Hapilon was a sniper rifle made in China,  Duterte announced late on Thursday, to warm applause from the crowd. But the version of the final hours of the life of Hapilon and another rebel leader, Omarkhayam Maute, posted on the Facebook page of a member of the Army Scout Rangers, tells a different story. The blow-by-blow account on  Scout Ranger Books , posted the day Hapilon was killed, tells of how the 8th Scout Ranger Company was engaging militants and was not aware the rebel commanders were among those they killed, until fleeing hostages told them.  The soldiers operating at night used thermal imaging on an armored vehicle and the shot that killed Hapilon came from a gun mounted on top of it, according to the account. No mention was made of Chinese weapons or snipers. Prior to Duterte s remarks, two soldiers in that vehicle told CNN Philippines the fixed weapon was remote controlled. A general in Marawi in command of the armored assets told Reuters the fixed weapons are 50-calibre machine guns. Duterte has made a big effort to befriend China and has frequently praised its leadership while in contrast, chiding defense treaty ally the United States, its biggest source of weapons and expertise, for what he calls hypocrisy and for treating his country  like a dog . Asked which gun killed Hapilon, Colonel Romeo Brawner, deputy commander of the Marawi task force, said he could not say for sure, as troops had used guns made by the United States, China and others countries. ",1
16907,South Koreans' support for nuclear projects deals blow to government energy plan,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean public support for nuclear power on Friday sucker punched a government policy to steer the country away from nuclear-generated electricity as Seoul said it would bow to a demand to resume construction of two new reactors.  President Moon Jae-in came to power in May, after running  on a ticket that called for reducing South Korea s nuclear and coal-fired power generation in a push to use more natural gas and renewables.  Those plans were dealt an unlooked-for blow on Friday when a public opinion survey found a majority of almost 60 percent in favour of resuming the stalled construction of two reactors.  Building the two reactors could mean reversal of a strategy to slowly reduce nuclear energy s share of the power mix, and also significantly eat into the liquefied natural gas (LNG) demand of the world s second-largest consumer of the fuel.   Our recommendation to the government is restarting construction,  said Kim Ji-hyung, chairman of a government-organised committee to study the nuclear projects.   Our final public opinion survey showed 59.5 percent of (responding) South Koreans chose to resume the construction,  Kim told a news conference.  Stability of power supply was cited as a primary reason for the choice in survey responses, the committee said.  We respect the will of the committee,  said South Korea s presidential office spokesman Park Soo-hyun.  An expert at a government think tank said the size of the win in favour of the projects meant the government had no choice but to go with the committee s recommendation.   The outcome was very unexpected ... Many expected the difference would be a maximum 10 percentage points, but as it turned out, it stood nearly at 20,  said Roh Dong-seok, senior research fellow at the Korea Energy Economics Institute.  The two 1,400-megawatt (MW) reactors - Shin Kori No.5 and Shin Kori No.6 - were originally to be completed by March 2021 and March 2022, respectively, in the southeastern city of Ulsan. The government announced a suspension of the projects after coming to power, saying it would consult the public over their future.  The committee conducted four rounds of surveys, including phone interviews of 20,006 people and public discussions involving some 470 citizens, over the past three months. With the reactors now likely going ahead, completion dates are set for October 2021 and October 2022, according to state-run nuclear operator Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power [KRHYDR.UL]. (For a graphic on 'South Korea 2016 power generation mix' click reut.rs/2xTOZKB)      Shares of Korea Electric Power Corp rose 0.6 percent to 41,110 won ($36.32) on Friday, after jumping nearly 6 percent following the announcement of the survey results.      KEPCO Engineering & Construction, in charge of the reactors  design, lost 1.2 percent after surging as much as 20 percent. KEPCO Plant Service & Engineering gained 1.7 percent.  Building nuclear power plants takes years, so the decision in favour of the two new reactors will not change South Korea s immediate fuel demand patterns.  But the vote, which surprised many in the industry, does impact the long-term outlook for the country s fuel consumption, with the biggest impact likely falling on imports of LNG.   Full implementation of Moon s election promises could have resulted in around 10 million tonnes (a year) of extra LNG demand by 2030. This now seems unlikely,  said Kiah Wei Giam, principal analyst at energy consultancy Wood Mackenzie.  That compares to South Korea s LNG imports of 33.4 million tonnes last year, according to customs data. [LNG/KRTRD] Giam said, however, the survey did not totally derail the government s energy policies.   With the planned nuclear phase-out delayed, it will be interesting to see whether more aggressive anti-coal policies are enacted,  Giam said.  Park Won-joo, Deputy Minister for Energy & Resources, said later at a briefing the government will reach a final decision on the nuclear reactors next Tuesday and then tell the state-run nuclear operator when to resume project construction.  ",1
16908,U.S. will not interfere in EU trade with Iran: Tillerson,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States does not aim to impede European trade and business transactions with Iran despite President Donald Trump s decision last week to decertify the 2015 nuclear agreement, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told the Wall Street Journal. European Union leaders in Brussels on Thursday highlighted the need to protect their companies and investors dealing with Iran from any adverse effects should Washington reinstate sanctions against Iran, officials said.  The president s been pretty clear that it s not his intent to interfere with business deals that the Europeans may have under way with Iran,  Tillerson told the Journal in an interview Thursday.  He s said it clearly:  That s fine. You guys do what you want to do.  Trump last week adopted a harsh new approach to Iran by refusing to certify its compliance with the nuclear deal struck with the United States and five other powers including Britain, France and Germany. The Republican president gave Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Iran, lifted under the pact in exchange for scaling down a program the West fears was aimed at building a nuclear bomb, something Tehran denies.  Trump has criticized the nuclear accord as  the worst deal ever  and has vowed to withdraw if Congress and European allies do not address his problems with it. Tillerson s comments appeared aimed at reassuring the Europeans that Washington is not trying to pressure them into avoiding business with Iran.  We ve been working with the Europeans for six months,  Tillerson said.  They have been brought along with this same thought process. It doesn t mean that they necessarily agree entirely with it. ... Now we will start a more formalized process with them now that the policy s been adopted.  The Journal said Tillerson would not discuss the multibillion-dollar deals reached by Boeing Co (BA.N) under the 2015 accord. Boeing, which was the first major U.S. company to announce a major business venture with Iran, last year agreed to sell dozens of commercial planes to Tehran. ",1
16909,EU will cut some money for Turkey as ties sour,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union will cut some of the money earmarked for Turkey to join the bloc, reflecting increasingly sour ties with Ankara but stopping short of killing membership bid of the country it still sees as a strategic partner. The EU has been walking a tight rope for months on Turkey, angered by President Tayyip Erdogan s crackdown on critics after a failed coup in July, 2016, but dependant on Ankara to keep a lid on immigration to Europe and combat militants in Syria.  The EU leaders  chairman, Donald Tusk, said the bloc had agreed in two days of talks in Brussels to cut or reroute some of the 4.4 billion euros ($5.2 bln) Ankara was due to get as part of its accession talks in 2014-20.  It was a substantive discussion. We want to keep the door open to Ankara, but the current reality in Turkey is making this difficult,  Tusk told a news conference. Germany has seen its ties with Turkey particularly strained and Chancellor Angela Merkel called last month for a tougher stance on Ankara as she campaigned for re-election at home. ",1
16910,"South Sudan commander on trial for rape, murder of aid workers found dead","JUBA (Reuters) - A South Sudanese army commander on trial for his role in an attack on aid workers has been found dead in military custody, an army spokesman said on Friday. The attack by soldiers at the Terrain Hotel in the capital Juba was one of the worst on aid workers since South Sudan plunged into civil war in 2013.  The rape of five foreigners and murder of their local colleague occurred on July 11, 2016 as President Salva Kiir s troops won a three-day battle in Juba over opposition forces loyal to ex-Vice President Riek Machar.  Lt. Col. Luka Akechak was found dead last weekend, army spokesman Santo Domic Chol told Reuters on Friday. Chol said Akechak had fallen sick  some weeks ago  and received medical treatment in Juba but did not recover.  The military custody told us that the man was found dead in the morning.  Akechak was the unit commander at the hotel on the day of the attack and is one of more than a dozen South Sudanese soldiers standing trial in a military court.  The army spokesman said that in the last hearing, one of the rape survivors who testified said she witnessed Akechak directing the soldiers to raid property at the hotel.   The next hearing in the trial is scheduled for Wednesday.  Lawyer Philip Manyang, who is representing survivors of the attack in court, told Reuters that survivors would be testifying by video conference in a closed session. ",1
16911,"Baghdad must show restraint, respect Kurdish rights, France says","PARIS (Reuters) - France on Friday called on Iraq s central government to show restraint after taking control of the last district in the oil-rich province of Kirkuk and said Baghdad should take the rights of Kurds fully into account.  Iraqi forces are seeking to reestablish Baghdad s authority over territory which the Kurdish forces occupied outside the official boundaries of their autonomous region, mostly seized since 2014 in the course of the war on Islamic State militants. [L8N1MV1K2]  We ask the federal government to show restraint and fully respect the rights of the Kurds,  foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters.  Tens of thousands of Kurds have fled Kirkuk and Tuz to the two main cities of the Kurdish autonomous region, Erbil and Sulaimaniya, according to Kurdish officials. The United Nations expressed concern on Thursday at reports of forced displacement and destruction of Kurdish homes and businesses, mainly in Tuz. Romatet-Espagne said the Kurds also needed to accept a dialogue with Baghdad within the framework of the constitution.  ",1
16912,Merkel says Britain must move on Brexit bill to break deadlock,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday that the European Union could only agree to enter the next phase of Brexit negotiations in December if Britain provided specific assurances about its readiness to settle financial obligations to the bloc. Speaking to reporters at the end of a two-day EU summit in Brussels, Merkel said it was  very clear  what British Prime Minister Theresa May had to do to break a deadlock in the talks that has prevented a discussion about Britain s post-Brexit relationship with the bloc, known as  phase two .   We hope that by December we have moved along enough to allow phase two to begin but that depends on the extent to which Great Britain makes progress so that we can say that it is sufficient on the core themes of phase one,  Merkel told a news conference at the end of an EU summit. She said that the main obstacle was Britain s failure so far to signal a readiness to settle financial obligations to the bloc that EU officials estimate at around 60 billion euros. May, under severe domestic pressure after a botched election in June that saw her Conservatives lose their majority, has said that Britain will stand by its financial commitments to the EU without offering figures.  I think it is very clear what additional steps need to be taken,  Merkel said. Asked about suggestions from May that Britain could pursue a two-year transitional deal once it leaves the bloc in 2019 in order to buy time to clinch a more comprehensive agreement, Merkel said this was not the primary focus for now.       The two-year transition phase is an interesting idea, no question. But it is not part of phase one of the negotiations,  she said.  So it is there in the room and will be discussed at the proper time.  ",1
16913,France's Macron says work on Brexit bill not even halfway done,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Friday that work on settling Britain s financial obligations to the EU when it leaves was not even halfway done. He said more than half the work remained to be completed on the crucial issue of Britain s exit bill and that discussions could not move to the next phase on the future relationship until the three divorce issues of citizens  rights, the Irish border and financial settlement have been settled.  A lot is in the hands of Theresa May,  Macron said in a news conference at the end of an EU summit. ",1
16914,"Austrian coalition talks set to begin, far right likely partner","VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s president gave the green light to conservative leader Sebastian Kurz on Friday to form a government, but Kurz gave little away about his coalition plans, leaving a tie-up with the far right the most likely outcome. Kurz s People s Party (OVP) secured 31.5 percent of the vote in Sunday s parliamentary election, winning by a clear margin but falling well short of the majority needed to control parliament in the affluent Alpine republic.  I would like to build a government that has the courage and determination to bring real change to Austria,  Kurz, 31, told reporters after meeting President Alexander Van der Bellen, who will oversee the process. Kurz campaigned on a platform that combined a hard line on immigration similar to that of the far-right Freedom Party (FPO) with traditional conservative principles like slimming down the state and cutting taxes. He said he would start by holding talks with all parties in parliament although only two of them, the Social Democrats (SPO) and FPO, have enough seats to give him a majority if they go into coalition with the OVP.  I will now get straight to work and hold the first discussions, definitely in the coming days, and possibly even today,  Kurz said, adding that after those initial discussions he might launch formal coalition talks with one party. Kurz went to Brussels on Thursday to assure European Union leaders of his support, allaying concerns that Austria country would become a dissonant voice in the EU with the anti-immigrant far right likely to enter its government. It became clear after neighboring Germany s election last month that it was headed towards a three-way  Jamaica  coalition - so called because the parties  colors match that country s flag. Austria s political future could be colorful too.  Using the same principle and some creative licence, Austria s next government could be dubbed  Botswana  or  Islamic State . Two other options,  Haiti  and  Albania , appear to be off the table, at least for the time being. In Austria as in Germany, each party is traditionally associated with a color - black for Kurz s OVP, red for the centre-left SPO and blue for the far-right FPO.  Botswana (black and blue) remains the most likely option, given that Kurz and the head of the Social Democrats, outgoing Chancellor Christian Kern, have often clashed and Kurz called an end to their coalition, forcing Sunday s snap election. Kurz has said he would prefer to form a stable coalition but not ruled out a minority, monochrome government (Islamic State). He has accused his rivals of holding talks on an SPO-FPO,  red-blue  coalition (Haiti). But FPO leader Heinz-Christian Strache poured cold water on the idea of a  coalition of losers  in an interview with tabloid Oesterreich. Asked if Kern had been voted out as chancellor, Strache said:  In my opinion, yes.  He added that people had voted for change and Kurz had a mandate to try and form a government.   If he were to invite us (to hold coalition talks), we would accept the invitation,  he said, adding that in such a case the FPO would not hold parallel talks with the SPO. Strache hosted Kurz at his home for dinner this week, their first one-on-one meeting, he said.      The chances of a red-blue alliance are  a thousandth of a thousandth , Kern told reporters at an EU summit in Brussels, but he added that his party was still open to talks. A black-red coalition (Albania) has not been completely ruled out. Kurz has hinted at being prepared to consider it if Kern is replaced as leader by Defense Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. Strache also focused his criticism on Kern rather than the SPO as a whole. ",1
16915,"EU summit was positive, but nothing new on money: senior EU official","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May and the other 27 European Union leaders want to send a more positive signal on Brexit, but London has not offered any new opening on the financial settlement, a senior EU official said on Friday.  The official was speaking after a two-day EU summit in Brussels. ",1
16916,Spain to present measures to impose direct rule on October 21: PM Rajoy,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said on Friday he would announce on Saturday measures to impose direct rule on the wealthy region of Catalonia over its bid to secede. Speaking in Brussels, Rajoy added the measures, based on a never-before-used article of Spain s 1978 constitution, would have backing from the main opposition Socialist party, and centrist group Ciudadanos.  Rajoy has called an emergency cabinet meeting for Oct. 21. ",1
16917,India says ready for stronger U.S. ties after Tillerson endorsement,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India stood ready to further strengthen ties with the United States, the government said on Friday, after U.S. Secretary of State Tillerson vowed to dramatically expand cooperation as a way to counter China s influence in Asia.  Tillerson, who is visiting India next week as part of a tour to the region, said in a speech the United States had begun to discuss alternatives to Chinese infrastructure financing in Asia that critics say has spawned resentment and fears of a debt trap. He also called for expanding the scope of security cooperation between India, the United States and Japan to include other countries such as Australia, a plan that China has said in the past would be de-stabilising to the region. An Indian foreign ministry spokesman said Tillerson had made an important speech on the future of India-U.S. relations and India looked forward to detailed discussions next week.  We appreciate his positive evaluation of the relationship and share his optimism about its future directions,  the spokesman said. Tillerson did not say what he meant by creating an alternative to Chinese infrastructure financing, which India has also been increasingly concerned about as China seeks to build trade and transport links in Asia. India was the only major country in Asia not to send a representative to a  Belt and Road Initiative  summit in Beijing in May because an economic corridor that China was building in Pakistan ran through territory claimed by India.  India warned that China s plans for a modern-day  Silk Road   could create an  unsustainable debt burden  for countries. The ministry spokesman said India agreed with Tillerson s call for a  rules-based  international order that is seen as under risk from China s assertive posture in Asia. The United States has repeatedly criticized China for disregarding international law with the construction and militarization of artificial islands in the disputed South China Sea, where neighbors Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam have claims.  Tillerson has made a significant policy statement on India-U.S. relations and its future. He brought out its various strengths and highlighted our shared commitment to a rule-based international order,  the Indian spokesman said. India, though, has been wary of U.S. calls for a bigger Indian military role including joint patrols in the Indian Ocean and the Pacific, worried it would antagonise China further. ",1
16918,Germany says hopes to resume training of Kurdish fighters in Northern Iraq,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany hopes to resume its mission training Kurdish Peshmerga fighters in northern Iraq on Sunday, provided the conflict between the Kurds and the Iraqi government does not worsen, a German defense ministry spokesman said on Friday. Germany suspended its training assistance last week citing the increased tensions between Baghdad and the Kurds after the semi-autonomous Kurdistan region in northern Iraq voted in a non-binding referendum for independence. Germany, along with other Western nations, joined Baghdad and Iraq s neighbors in opposing the referendum, partly due to concerns that it would distract from the fight against Islamic State militants, in which the Kurds have played a key role.  If there is no serious changes on the ground, it s highly probable that the training will resume on Sunday,  the German defense ministry spokesman said. The spokesman said Germany took the decision to resume the training after consultations with the Kurdish and Iraqi parties and with the United States.  He was speaking on the day when Iraqi forces completed their push to take back control of the contested province of Kirkuk from the Kurds, who had moved into the area in 2014 to prevent Islamic State seizing the oilfields.       Germany has provided 32,000 assault rifle and machine guns, as well as other weapons valued at around 90 million euros since  2014. About 150 German soldiers are providing training to the Kurdish Peshmerga fighters for their combat against Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq. ",1
16919,"EU's Tusk notes Brexit progress, hopes for trade talks by December",BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU Chairman Donald Tusk said on Friday there had been progress in Brexit negotiations and he hoped that by December it would be sufficient to start talks with London on their relationship after Britain leaves. ,1
16920,"Romania says Britain more 'positive' on Brexit talks, so is EU","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Romanian President Klaus Iohannis said on Friday it was clear that British Prime Minister Theresa May was  more positive and result-oriented  after she addressed European Union leaders over a dinner in Brussels on Brexit.  If somebody says that the negotiations got stuck - they didn t get stuck,  he told reporters.  It s just that the negotiations have not fostered enough progress.   My hope is that, in the end, we will reach sufficient progress on all three chapters ... It s obvious that everybody is looking for a success story. Nobody tries to block the negotiations,  he said, adding that there was  absolutely no guarantee  both sides would arrive at a deal by December. ",1
16921,EU's Tusk says 27 leaders open internal work on Brexit phase two,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk said on Friday that 27 EU leaders meeting in Brussels had agreed to give the green light to internal preparations for the second phase of Brexit talks with London.  The 27 EU states want to be ready to move to talks with London about their post-Brexit relations after the chief divorce issues are settled in negotiations that are already taking place.  They have, however, stalled and British Prime Minister Theresa May failed to break the deadlock when she appealed to her EU counterparts during a Brussels dinner on Thursday night.  The 27 have said they hope they can announce enough progress in agreeing the exit terms with London in December to be able to start new talks with Britain on their ties after Brexit materializes, as is due in March, 2019. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday night talks with Britain were moving forward and were unlikely to break down. ",1
16922,May says will 'honor commitments' to EU,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday she had told fellow EU leaders that Britain would honor its commitments to the Union on Brexit and that other countries would not lose out in the current budget plan. Asked whether she had told leaders over dinner on Thursday that she was ready to increase Britain s financial offer, May told reporters that she had repeated points made in a speech at Florence last month. EU leaders said May had made no new pledges and repeated her view that many of the EU s demands had  no legal framework . ",1
16923,Pakistan militant group finds likely replacement after U.S. drone kills leader,"PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - Senior militant commander Asad Afridi has emerged as the favorite to become the new leader of a deadly Pakistani Taliban faction, militant sources said on Friday, days after a U.S. drone strike killed the group s chief. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar (JuA), a splinter faction of the Pakistani Taliban, has killed hundreds of people in bomb attacks and is considered one of the most dangerous militant groups in the nuclear-armed South Asian nation. The killing of JuA chief Omar Khalid Khorasani was a major boost for Pakistan s anti-militancy campaign and is likely to help ease tension with uneasy ally the United States days ahead of a visit by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Two JuA commanders told Reuters Afridi was nominated to take over during a meeting in Afghanistan by the group s shura, or leadership council.  Asad Afridi was close to Omar Khalid, who had declared him his deputy,  said one JuA commander. A second JuA militant, who is a member of the shura, confirmed Afridi was nominated as the new chief.  Khorasani was seen as ruling the group with an iron fist.  Our organization used to be a one-man show. All powers were in the hands of Omar Khalid Khorasani,  the second commander said. Khorasani was killed during a series of U.S. drone attacks this week in which at least 30 people were killed on the Afghan side of the border. His killing follows a slight thaw in relations between Islamabad and Washington, seemingly sparked by the Pakistan army last week freeing a U.S.-Canadian couple and their three children after five years in captivity. The family was held by the Haqqani network, an Afghan Taliban-allied militant group. Warmer words from Washington have been in stark contrast to threats by U.S. officials that it would cut military aid and impose targeted sanctions if Pakistan did not stop providing a safe havens to the Afghan Taliban and Haqqani network. Pakistan denies offering sanctuary to Afghan Taliban fighters and has asked the United States to target Pakistani Taliban militants who cross the porous border and hide in Afghanistan. Pakistan is investing more than $500 million to fence the 2,500-km frontier. But in a sign that relations between the United States and Pakistan are still difficult, the chief of the CIA said on Thursday the U.S.-Canadian couple had been held inside Pakistan for five years, contradicting Pakistan s assertion they were held in Afghanistan. It is not clear if Afridi would change tack if he were to be confirmed as JuA leader, but there are concerns within the group about his power base among the ethnic Pashtun tribes who live along the Afghan border. Afridi is from the Zakha Khel area of Pakistan s Khyber region but Khorasani, and most JuA fighters, are from the Mohmand region to the north.  The organization was basically formed in Mohmand and the majority of the fighters and commanders are from Mohmand therefore people would have wished someone from the same area,  said the first JuA commander. He said Afridi did not have a religious or formal school education but had a history of fighting and had at one point fought U.S. troops in Afghanistan as part of the Taliban. On Friday, a suspected U.S. drone strike killed 12 people in Afghanistan s Paktia province, according to a government official. It was the fourth day this week that drone strikes were reported on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region.  Twelve dead bodies have been pulled out of the area where the missiles struck,   Laik Khan, an Afghan government official, told Reuters. The JuA has emerged as the most deadly Pakistani Taliban faction over the past two years. At one point, it allied itself with Islamic State before apparently re-joining the Pakistani Taliban. The group bombed an Easter Sunday gathering at a park in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore last year, killing at least 70 people. In August 2016, it bombed a hospital in Quetta targeting the city s most prominent lawyers, killing 74 people. In June this year, JuA targeted the provincial police chief of the Pakistani province of Baluchistan, killing 13 people. The attack was also claimed by Islamic State. ",1
16924,"Germany to cut pension contributions, free up 1.3 billion euros: sources","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany plans to reduce the combined pension contributions it takes from employers and employees by a total of 1.3 billion euros in 2018 due to record-high employment and a rising level of reserves, government sources said on Friday. The contributions for 2018 that both employers and employees pay into the public pension system will be lowered by 0.1 percentage points to 18.6 percent of the total wage package, government officials told Reuters on condition of anonymity. That means employers and employees, who roughly share the contribution, will have about 1.3 billion euros more next year, the government officials said. The exact figures will be agreed after the government has published its updated tax revenue estimates due on Nov. 9, the officials said. The cabinet could then formally agree the reduction on Nov. 22. According to calculations thus far, pension contributions were meant to remain stable at 18.7 percent until 2021 and then rise to 18.9 percent in 2022 due to Germany s rapidly ageing society. Despite a recent rise in the birth rate and the arrival of more than a million migrants, experts estimate the working age population, whose pension contributions support the growing number of retirees, will shrink massively in the next decade. Employers in Europe s biggest economy often complain about the high level of pension contributions and regularly urge the government to lower the level. A survey of Germany s DIHK Chambers of Industry and Commerce showed on Thursday that companies view rising labor costs as one of the principle risks for future growth. ",1
16925,"Russia says continues dialogue with Washington on North Korea, Iran: RIA","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow and Washington are continuing a dialogue on North Korea and the future of the international deal on Iran s nuclear program, RIA news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Friday. ",1
16926,Toxic firecracker haze darkens Indian capital after festival of lights,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Air pollution in New Delhi hit 18 times the healthy limit on Friday under a thick, toxic haze after a night of fireworks to celebrate the Hindu festival of Diwali - despite a court-ordered ban on their sales. Residents of the sprawling Indian capital, which already ranks among the world s most polluted cities, complained of eyes watering and aggravated coughs as levels of PM 2.5, tiny particulate matter that reaches deep into the lungs, rose alarmingly. Air quality usually worsens in New Delhi ahead of Diwali, the festival of lights, and the Supreme Court temporarily banned the sale of firecrackers, aiming to lessen the risk to health. But many still lit fireworks across the capital late into the night, either using old stocks or buying them from neighboring states.  Some environment activists said the court order was poorly enforced and firecrackers were still available to celebrate one of north India s biggest festivals.  Breathe nitrate and ammonia, home grown, hand made!  said environmentalist Vimlendu Jha in a Twitter post calling for city authorities to declare a public emergency. An index of air quality had crossed the  hazardous  limit of 300 on Friday, the most severe level on a U.S. embassy scale of measurement which rates a reading of 50 as good and anything above that as a cause for concern.  Some parts of Delhi such as Mandir Marg showed an air quality reading of 941, close enough to the maximum level of 999 beyond which no readings are available. The index measures concentrations of PM 2.5, PM 10, ozone, nitrogen dioxide and sulfur dioxide among other indicators.  A hazardous level is an alert in which everyone may experience ill effects and are advised to stay indoors. Apart from the firecracker ban, the Supreme Court also ordered diesel generators and a power plant to be shut down to try to reduce the pollution. The Environment Pollution (Prevention and Control) Authority also ordered some brick kilns to close and a halt to the burning of rubbish. Dipankar Saha, a scientist at the government s Central Pollution Control Board, said the still weather had also played a part in the toxic haze hanging over the city. But pollution levels were better than at last year s Diwali when crop burning in nearby states and firecrackers combined.   It was going to be hard to beat last year s level in any case,  he said.    ",1
16927,Kremlin: Syria peoples' congress being 'actively discussed',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A proposal to convene a congress of all Syria s ethnic groups is a joint initiative which is being promoted by Russia and others and is now being actively discussed, the Kremlin said on Friday. It is premature, however, to discuss the time and venue for the congress, which is seen as a mechanism to assist Syria s post-war development, Putin s spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. Putin mentioned the idea of holding such a congress at a forum with foreign scholars on Thursday. ",1
16928,May sides with Madrid in Catalonia stand-off,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday  people should be abiding by the rule of law and uphold the Spanish constitution , clearly siding with Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy in the central government s standoff with Catalonia.  I have spoken to Mariano Rajoy this morning as I did earlier this week and made clear that the United Kingdom s position is very clear,  May told reporters after two days of talks between EU leaders in Brussels.   We believe that people should be abiding by the rule of law and uphold the Spanish constitution,  May said in Brussels, were EU leaders showed little political support for Catalonia.  ",1
16929,Netanyahu lobbies world powers to stem Iraqi Kurd setbacks,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is lobbying world powers to prevent further setbacks to Iraqi Kurds as they lose ground to Baghdad s army, Israeli officials say. Israel has been the only major power to endorse statehood for the Kurds, partly, say analysts, because it sees the ethnic group - whose population is split among Iraq, Turkey, Syria and Iran - as a buffer against shared adversaries. Iraqi armed forces retook the oil-rich Kirkuk region this week, following a Sept. 25 referendum on Kurdish independence that was rejected by Baghdad, delivering a blow to the Kurds  statehood quest.      Israeli officials said Netanyahu raised the Iraqi Kurds  plight in phone calls with German Chancellor Angela Merkel last week and with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday.  It has also come up in his contacts with France and the Israeli national security adviser, Meir Ben-Shabbat, has been discussing the matter with Trump administration officials in Washington this week, the officials said. A Netanyahu government official, who declined to be named, given the sensitivity of Israel-Kurdish ties, suggested Israel had security interests in Kurdistan, given its proximity to Israel s enemies in Tehran and Damascus.  This (territory) is a foothold. It s a strategic place,  the official said without providing further detail. He said Israel wanted to see Iraqi Kurds provided with the means to protect themselves, adding:   It would be best if someone gave them weaponry, and whatever else, which we cannot give, obviously.      Israel has maintained discreet military, intelligence and business ties with Kurds since the 1960s, in the absence of open ties between their autonomous region in northern Iraq and Israel.  Netanyahu s recent lobbying has focused on Kurdish ambitions in Iraq, where the central Baghdad government has grown closer to Israel s foe Iran.            The issue at present is ... to prevent an attack on the Kurds, extermination of the Kurds and any harm to them, their autonomy and region, something that Turkey and Iran and internal Shi ite and other powers in Iraq and part of the Iraqi government want,  Netanyahu s intelligence minister, Israel Katz, told Tel Aviv radio station 102 FM on Friday.   It was not clear to what extent Netanyahu s outreach may have been solicited by the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq, which shies away from public engagement with Israel, worried about further alienating Arab neighbours.    The United Nations has voiced concern at reports that civilians, mainly Kurds, were being driven out of parts of northern Iraq retaken by Iraqi forces and their houses and businesses looted and destroyed.  The prime minister is certainly engaging the United States, Russia, Germany and France to stop the Kurds from being harmed,  Katz said.   Another Israeli official, speaking to Reuters on condition of anonymity, framed Netanyahu s efforts as a moral imperative.   They (Kurds) are a deeply pro-Western people who deserve support,  he said.  ",1
16930,Ugandan opposition leader held on murder charge after protests,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Uganda s main opposition leader was arrested and charged with murder, police said on Friday, after they broke up a rally organized to protest moves to extend President Yoweri Museveni s rule. Kizza Besigye, who has contested and lost four elections against long-time leader Museveni, was detained on Thursday. Police blamed Besigye for the deaths of two protesters during Wednesday s rally, in which officers fired bullets and teargas during clashes with government opponents.  Besigye and his colleagues led these youths who stoned police and caused deaths,  police spokesman Denis Namuwoza told Reuters. Wednesday s clash in Rukungiri near the Rwandan border was one of several violent anti-Museveni protests that have spread across Uganda since the president last week for the first time openly expressed support for proposed legislation aimed at allowing him to stay in power. In office for more than three decades, 73-year-old Museveni would be barred from running again in the next election in 2021 by a law that caps the age of presidential candidates at 75.  The proposed legislation would remove that age ceiling.  Besigye, Museveni s former physician during the guerrilla struggle that brought him to power in 1986, has claimed the four elections the pair contested were all rigged - something Museveni has denied. The president has been a staunch western ally widely seen as an anchor of stability in East Africa s often volatile Great Lakes region.  He has deployed troops in Somalia to help fight Islamist group al Shabaab, earnings plaudits from his western backers.   HEAVY-HANDED TACTICS  Besigye was arrested near the Rwandan border on Thursday, along with two other senior officials of his opposition Forum for Democratic Change (FDC).  Police spokesman Namuwoza said they had been charged with murder, assault, inciting violence and unlawful assembly, and transferred to a prison near the capital Kampala.  There was no immediate reaction to the arrests from Uganda s opposition. The proposed new law is widely seen by critics as paving the way for Museveni to rule for life. Similar moves in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Burundi have spurred unrest. Civil society organizations accused of helping rally support against extending Museveni s rule have had their premises raided, offices searched and equipment confiscated. Two of them, Great Lakes Institute for Strategic Studies (GLISS), a think tank, and ActionAid, a South Africa-based international charity, have had their bank accounts frozen on police orders. In a statement on Thursday, the U.S. Embassy in Kampala criticized what it called  heavy-handed tactics of security forces  which it said harmed democracy.    Government must protect people s rights of assembly and expression,  it said.  ",1
16931,Iraq top shi'ite cleric Sistani asks government to protect Kurds,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s top Shi ite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani on Friday called on the government to protect the Kurdish population in northern Iraq. Sistani s call, issued at the Friday prayer in the holy Shi ite city of Kerbala by one of his representatives, came amid reports of abuses against Kurds in Kirkuk and other areas taken by Iraqi forces since Monday. ",1
16932,Head of Germany's FDP offers Macron 'bittersweet' euro zone deal,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A leading candidate to be Germany s next finance minister signaled his willingness on Thursday to seek a compromise with Emmanuel Macron over the French President s plans for deeper euro zone integration. Christian Lindner, who leads the Free Democrats (FDP) party negotiating to be part of Chancellor Angela Merkel s next coalition government, said European policy was one of the most important topics in the talks. Lindner said Macron   who last month called for a joint euro zone budget and joint finance minister among other reforms   had described political progress as a question of finding a balance between carrots and sticks.  Let s take him literally (on this) on the European question,  Lindner said at a book launch.   That means if he wants to get something, he ll have to accept other things - for example an insolvency mechanism for states or for example the binding participation of private investors in any debt restructuring if it should be necessary,  he said.  This would be the bitter thing he would have to swallow to get something sweet - namely additional funds for investments,  Lindner said. Veteran outgoing Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble, wary of anything that might leave German taxpayers shouldering common euro zone debts, has been generally lukewarm about Macron s reform plans. Lindner may succeed him under the three-way coalition that Merkel is trying to form after her conservatives lost support in a federal election last month. It has been widely speculated that the FDP would demand the top finance post as a price for joining in, though Lindner on Thursday stopped short of claiming the ministry for his party. Earlier this week, he had insisted that Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) should relinquish it. Lindner has repeatedly criticized Schaeuble, a fiscal hawk, as being too soft on Greece and putting loyalty to Merkel ahead of his own political convictions. Asked which characteristics the next German finance minister should have, Lindner said:  Being consistent.  ",1
16933,Spanish Senate could approve Catalan direct rule measures as soon as next week: spokeswoman,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s upper house Senate could vote on measures to impose direct rule on Catalonia, revoking the wealthy region s autonomy in response to a secession bid, as soon as the end of next week, a spokeswoman said on Friday. The Senate must create a committee to debate the measures, which have never been used before. The committee will probably meet on Oct. 23, the spokeswoman said. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont will then be given an opportunity to reply. The entire upper house, where the ruling People s Party holds a majority, will then vote on the measures as soon as Oct. 27.  ",1
16934,Kenyan police say four people killed during opposition demonstrations in past two weeks,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s police said on Friday that four people had died as result of police intervention during opposition protests in the past two weeks, amid concerns violence will break out in next week s repeat presidential vote.  The re-run of the Aug. 8 presidential election annulled by the Supreme Court is set for Oct. 26. But opposition leader Raila Odinga has pulled out, alleging a failure to improve oversight of the election, casting doubt on how the vote will proceed. ",1
16935,Norway appoints its first female foreign minister,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norwegian Defence Minister Ine Eriksen Soereide was named minister of foreign affairs on Friday, making her the first woman to hold the post in the Nordic country. She replaces Boerge Brende, who last month was appointed president of the World Economic Forum. The appointment leaves the top three government jobs, that of prime minister, foreign minister and finance minister, in the hands of women. Prime Minister Erna Solberg said European Affairs Minister Frank Bakke-Jensen will move to the defense post, while Marit Berger Roesland will join the cabinet to take up the European affairs portfolio. ",1
16936,Former Nazi death camp guard charged with accessory to murder,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German public prosecutors have charged a 96-year-old former guard at a Nazi death camp with having been an accessory to murder, as Germany races against time to bring elderly suspects from the Hitler era to trial before they die. The then 22-year-old man, whom the Frankfurt prosecutor s office did not identify in its statement, is accused of having guarded prisoners at the death camp in Lublin-Majdanek who were slated to be killed in 1943 and 1944.  According to the evidence available, the accused knew about the cruelty of the organized mass killings, just like all other members of the SS at the camp,  it said in a statement.  He also knew that these people, facing their fate innocently and defenselessly, were killed for inhuman reasons based on race,  it added. Tens of thousands of Jews and other victims were killed at the Majdanek camp near Lublin, in modern-day Poland. The suspect played a role in the  Erntefest  (Harvest Festival) executions on Nov. 3, 1943, in which at least 17,000 deported Jewish prisoners were shot dead after having dug their own graves, the prosecutor s statement said.  By being part of a chain of guards and a tower guard, he made a contribution to (the Erntefest) and knowingly and willingly supported the malicious and cruel acts.  The prosecutor s charges are based on an investigation by the Central Office for the Investigation of Nazi Crimes and on historical documents found as part of the investigation. Germany has faced criticism for not prosecuting those who were small cogs in the Nazi machine and did not actively take part in the killing of six million Jews during the Holocaust. That criticism has abated following many recent trials and convictions, including the 2011 conviction of Sobibor extermination camp guard John Demjanjuk, which gave prosecutors new legal means to investigate suspects under accessory-to- murder charges. Former Auschwitz guard Reinhold Hanning and Oskar Groening, known as the  bookkeeper of Auschwitz , have also been convicted of complicity in mass murder in recent years. But cases against a former radio operator and a former paramedic at the Auschwitz death camp were dropped as the elderly defendants were found to be unfit to stand trial. ",1
16937,"With tears and song, China welcomes Xi as great, wise leader","BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese officials on Thursday heaped praise on President Xi Jinping s political ideology, unveiled a day earlier at a key Communist Party Congress, a sign that it could be enshrined in the party s constitution and further cement his power. Some ruling Communist Party officials were moved on Thursday to song, dance and tears in adulation of Xi, a day after he opened the twice-a-decade conclave pledging to build a prosperous  modern socialist country  for a  new era .  Three outgoing members of the elite seven-man Politburo Standing Committee that Xi heads lauded  Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era , according to the official Xinhua News Agency. Such statements indicate that Xi could cement his power with his new eponymous slogan being incorporated into the party s constitution. Whether the theory is included bearing his name will be a key measure of his status, analysts have said. No other leader has had an eponymous ideology included in the document while in office since Mao Zedong, the founder of modern China.  Xi is poised to begin a second five-year term next week. Party officials hailed Xi as a wise and great  lingxiu , or leader, a reverent honorific bestowed on only two others: Mao and his short-lived successor Hua Guofeng - another sign that Xi has accumulated more power than his immediate predecessors and could revive a party chairmanship as a precursor to staying on in some capacity beyond the end of his second term in 2022.  Xi Jinping... has obtained the heartfelt love and respect of the entire party, army and people, he deserves to be called wise leader,  Beijing party secretary Cai Qi, a Xi ally and one-time colleague, said on Wednesday at a meeting of the city delegation, according to the official Beijing Daily. Officials lavishing praise on the party s top leader at a congress is not unusual, but overt displays of emotion or personal adulation are rare. One female delegate from the southern province of Jiangxi broke into song to praise Xi s treatment of ethnic minorities, while another from Guangdong province said that, listening to Xi s speech, her eyes had brimmed with tears.  I feel that the reason for my country s accomplishments is fundamentally the helmsmanship of Xi Jinping,  said Jing Junhai, Beijing s deputy party chief, invoking a phase often used to describe Mao. The 64-year-old Xi has consolidated power swiftly since assuming the party leadership in 2012, locking up rivals for corruption, tightening controls on civil society, revamping the military and asserting China s rising might on the global stage. Some party officials painted Xi as a saviour.  Because of the Party Central Committee with comrade Xi Jinping as its core, in five years, the party has been saved, the army has been saved, the country has been saved,  Liu Shiyu, head of China s securities regulator, said on Thursday. Others were more restrained. Hu Chunhua, party chief in Guangdong province and a potential contender for a spot on the new Politburo Standing Committee to be revealed next week, simply referred to Xi as general secretary and did not mention his theory during an open session on Thursday, in contrast with more than a dozen other delegates who spoke. State media reported that he had praised Xi s theory the day before. For an interactive graphic on China s economic report card, click tmsnrt.rs/2kT7Xuv The exact meaning of Xi s new banner term is not yet clear, although it is not unusual for Communist Party leaders to announce lofty slogans and then fill in the details as they go. An ideology named after Xi to guide China and the party would further consolidate his power, said Ryan Manuel, a Chinese politics expert at the University of Hong Kong.  This is a good umbrella for him to just keep saying whatever he wants and the system having to respond and study it,  he said. Xi s immediate predecessors, Hu Jintao and Jiang Zemin, have had their ideological concepts enshrined in the constitution, but not their names. The party gave Xi the title of  core  leader a year ago, a strengthening of his position ahead of the congress, adding to speculation that Xi could retain power beyond a customary second term and even revive Mao s chairman title. For a graphic on China s leadership, click tmsnrt.rs/2xKEEQZ ",1
16938,Iranian military chief visits frontline near Aleppo,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s military chief of staff visited a frontline position near the Syrian city of Aleppo, a military news outlet run by the Lebanese group Hezbollah reported on Friday, during a visit that has underlined Tehran s deep military role in Syria. General Mohammad Baqeri visited the position with a number of Iranian officers, according to the report, which was  accompanied by photos showing Baqeri looking at a map and peering through binoculars. Neighboring Israel has expressed deep concern over Iran s role in Syria, where Iranian fighters and Iran-backed groups such as Hezbollah have played a major role fighting in support of President Bashar al-Assad. Baqeri met Assad on Thursday during a visit to set out a joint military strategy, Syrian state media reported.  Baqeri has warned Israel against breaching Syrian airspace and territory and pledged to increase cooperation with Syria s military to fight both Israel and Sunni jihadist militants. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that Iran is strengthening its foothold in Syria, warning that Israel would  do whatever it takes  to protect its security. Helped by Russian air power, Iran-backed groups including Hezbollah played a major part in the Syrian government campaign to recapture eastern districts of Aleppo city from Syrian rebels last year. Rural areas to the south and west of the city are still in insurgent hands.     ",1
16939,Moscow seeks support for Russia-Chinese roadmap on North Korea,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov urged world powers on Friday to get behind a joint Russian-Chinese roadmap for settling the crisis over North Korea s weapons program. Speaking at a conference on non-proliferation in Moscow, Lavrov said that the break-up of a deal on Iran s nuclear program would send an alarming message about international security mechanisms, and could impact the situation on the Korean peninsula. ",1
16940,"Russia's Lavrov says U.S. anti-missile shield worries Russia, China","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The anti-missile shield being built by Washington on foreign soil is a key problem for Russia and China, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday. Addressing an international non-proliferation conference in Moscow, Lavrov also said the U.S. nuclear weapons deployed in Europe should be returned to U.S. territory. ",1
16941,Ending Iran nuclear deal would worsen North Korea situation: Kerry,"GENEVA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump risks driving Iran towards nuclear proliferation and worsening a standoff with North Korea if Washington ends a nuclear deal with Tehran, former U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said late on Thursday. Kerry, who negotiated the 2015 deal between Iran and world powers, was speaking a week after Trump refused to certify that Tehran was in compliance with it, amid growing tensions with Pyongyang over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.  If you want to negotiate with (North Korean leader) Kim Jong Un, and your goal is to avoid war and try to be able to have a diplomatic resolution, the worst thing you can do is first threaten to destroy his country in the United Nations,  Kerry said. He was speaking in a private lecture delivered at Geneva s Graduate Institute.  And secondly, screw around with the deal that has already been made because the message is, don t make a deal with the United States, they won t keep their word,  he said. The nuclear deal places Iran under tough restraints, including inspections, round-the-clock surveillance and tracking every ounce of uranium produced, Kerry said.  We would notice an uptick in their enrichment, like that,  he said, snapping his fingers.  And nobody that I know of with common sense can understand what the virtue is in accelerating a confrontation with the possibility that they might decide they want to break out and make it (a nuclear bomb) now instead of 10 or 15 or 25 years from now.  Kerry, a former Senator who headed the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told Swiss media that Trump s leaving the Iranian deal s fate to Congress was  very dangerous  and opened the door to  party politics . Congress cannot unilaterally renegotiate a multilateral accord, the Geneva daily Le Temps quoted him as saying.  It is possible that Congress would make an unreasonable decision that would put Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei in a very complicated political situation that could force him to retaliate. It s a slippery slope.   Khamenei said on Wednesday that Tehran would stick to its accord as long as the other signatories respected it, but would  shred  the deal if Washington pulled out, state TV reported. If Iran violated the accord, U.N. sanctions would snap back into place, Kerry told the audience.  Moreover, at that point in time folks, we have a year of break-up. We have all the time that we need in the world to be able to bomb their facilities into submission.  Ending the deal could lead to Iran hiding fissile production facilities  deep in a mountain where we have no insight .  So the scenario that Trump opens up by saying  let s get rid of the deal  is actually proliferation, far more damaging and dangerous,  Kerry said. ",1
16942,China summons British official over Hong Kong remarks,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China has summoned a British official in Beijing and lodged  stern representations  about recent comments from London expressing concern about a British rights activist being denied entry to Hong Kong, it said on Friday. Ben Rogers, a co-founder of Britain s ruling Conservative Party s Human Rights Commission, has been a vocal critic of Chinese-ruled Hong Kong s treatment of human rights activists, including that of jailed student protest leader Joshua Wong. He was denied entry to Hong Kong on Oct. 11. Britain said on Tuesday it had summoned the Chinese ambassador to express its concern. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang reiterated that Hong Kong is part of China, and the central government handles Hong Kong s foreign affairs and Beijing and Hong Kong decide who to let in or not as a matter of Chinese sovereignty.  China has already summoned in an official from the British Embassy in Beijing, and lodged stern representations about Britain s recent series of wrong remarks and actions on this issue,  Lu told a daily news briefing.   I must to stress here that Hong Kong matters are purely an internal affair of China s. China will not permit any government, organization or individual to interfere in China s internal affairs in any way.  Hong Kong, which returned to Chinese rule in 1997, is governed under a  one country, two systems  formula that promises it a higher degree of autonomy and freedom than on the mainland. Last week, British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said London needed an explanation from Hong Kong and Beijing about  the treatment of Rogers. ",1
16943,Greek police arrest Syrian suspected of terrorism overseas,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek police said they arrested a 32-year old Syrian man suspected of involvement in terrorist acts abroad. The man was arrested on Thursday in the northern city of Alexandroupolis and is expected to appear before a state prosecutor on Friday, police said in a statement.  The man had requested asylum in northern Greece. A police official said he was arrested for violating a restriction order imposed after his wife accused him of participating in  terrorist acts .   We are investigating his participation, and its extent, in past terrorist acts outside Greece,  police said. Authorities were also examining photographs found on his mobile phone, the police source said. ",1
16944,"New Zealand election result stokes housing, migration fears","SYDNEY/WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Temporary workers and foreign students previously drawn to New Zealand on the promise of gaining residency will start leaving en masse, migration agents say, as the incoming coalition government promises to cut record migration. The tie-up between the traditionally center-left Labour Party and nationalist New Zealand First represents an abrupt shift in the formerly open door policy that fueled strong economic growth but has also been blamed for soaring house prices and growing inequality.  We are told (foreign) students are working as many hours as possible to make as much quick money as possible on the understanding there is no more path to residency, and they will need to return home,  said Connor Brady, immigration adviser and manager director at agency New Life Global. New Zealand had almost 122,000 international students in 2016, up 40 percent from three years earlier, led by China and India.  New Zealand has developed a particularly close economic relationship with China, signing the OECD s first free-trade deal with Beijing in 2008 and welcoming record Chinese investment and immigration in recent years. But Prime Minister-elect Jacinda Ardern and her coalition partner Winston Peters have found common ground in  fortress New Zealand  type policies that align more with the populist movements across Europe and the United States than Labour s free market predecessors and the outgoing National Party government.    While the coalition government is still being formed and policy detail worked out, the 37-year-old leader made clear she intends to stick with a promised reduction in migration and restrictions on foreign ownership of houses. Labour is planning to cut net immigration by up to 30,000 from the current level of just over 70,000 a year. It also plans to renegotiate certain trade deals to accommodate for a planned ban on foreign ownership of existing homes. There may also be changes to the treatment of large foreign purchases, part of a Chinese-led investment spree that has helped propel the country during a period of otherwise subdued global growth.  It s almost 2020 and you want to take us back to 1980,   Marcus Beveridge, principal at immigration and foreign investment-focused Queen City Law said of the proposals. The Sept. 23 election thrust the country into political limbo for almost a month with neither National or Labour winning enough seats to form a majority. Holding the balance of power, NZ First formed a coalition with Labour on Thursday, while the Greens have offered  confidence and supply . Labour and NZ First campaigned on similar housing policy platforms that included banning foreign investors buying New Zealand homes, introducing measures to dissuade people from quickly buying and selling properties, and increasing housing stock. Jane Lu, head of Australia and New Zealand for international property portal Juwai.com, said there would likely be a rush of foreign property investment to beat any new rules. A similar trend emerged in Vancouver and Sydney when new taxes and restrictions were about to be introduced.  They could cause buyers to front-load activity they already plan for next year,  said Lu.  One premium buyer in Sydney closed his transaction 15 minutes to midnight before the new regime kicked in.  New Zealand s housing crunch has pushed prices up more than 50 percent nationally in the last decade and in Auckland they have almost doubled, placing housing affordable at the center of the recent election campaign. It s unclear what the immediate impact on house prices will be, as there has already been a pullback in foreign investment in New Zealand property from its frothy highs.  At this stage what we know is that the new government has indicated that they will ban foreign purchase of existing houses. Whether there are further restrictions beyond that, there is a lot of uncertainty,  said Christina Leung, principal economist at the New Zealand Institute of Economic Research.  But I would say that at the moment, it s more the uncertainty itself over what new protectionist measures will be put in place which would weigh on demand for housing.  The election result caps a remarkable rise for Ardern, who only took over the party s top job in August with polls then predicting a resounding victory for the Nationals.  And while the sweeping policy changes are yet to be introduced, the New Zealand dollar has already reacted, with the Kiwi dropping to five month lows on Friday. ",1
16945,Attack on workers at key Pakistan port for Chinese project; 26 hurt,"QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Unidentified men threw a grenade into a laborers  hostel in the Pakistani port of Gwadar wounding 26 of them, police said on Friday, in an attack likely to raise concern about security for the Pakistani section of China s  Belt and Road  initiative. There was no claim of responsibility for the attack, one of three on Thursday in the gas-rich southwestern province of Baluchistan, a key section of the plan for energy and transport links connecting western China with the Middle East and Europe.  They laborers were having dinner at the hostel when motorcyclists attacked them with a grenade,  police official Imam Bakhsh told Reuters. Separatist rebels in Baluchistan, fighting against what they see as the unfair exploitation of the province s resources, have for years attacked energy and infrastructure projects, including the Gwadar deep-sea port on the Arabian Sea. Islamist militants also operate in Baluchistan, which shares borders with both Afghanistan and Iran. Security officials have said that militants trying to disrupt construction of the Chinese economic corridor through Pakistan have killed more than 50 Pakistani workers since 2014. Pakistan has assured China that it can provide security for the $57 billion worth of projects that it plans. In the other attacks, a grenade attack at a food court in the town of Mastung, 55 km (35 miles) from the provincial capital of Quetta, wounded 15 people, a police official said.  In the third attack, gunmen on a motorcycle opened fire at paramilitary soldiers killing one and wounding four in the west of the province. On Wednesday, a suicide car-bomber rammed a police bus in Quetta killing five policemen and two passers-by. The Pakistani Taliban claimed that attack. A suicide bombing claimed by Islamic State at a Sufi Muslim shrine in Baluchistan this month killed 22 people and wounded more than 30. ",1
16946,EU's Juncker says assumes won't end up with 'no deal' on Brexit,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Friday he did not believe that Britain would crash out of the European Union with no Brexit deal. EU leaders will meet on Friday to discuss their response to British Prime Minister Theresa May s appeal to move to the next phase of Brexit negotiations and are expected to agree that there needs to be more progress in talks on the divorce terms.  We have some details but we don t have all the details we need... It s not my working assumption that we ll have no deal,  Juncker told reporters.    ",1
16947,Turkey orders arrest of 110 people over Gulen links: media,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish authorities issued arrest warrants for 110 people from a seized company over alleged links to the U.S.-based cleric who Ankara says orchestrated last year s attempted coup, Dogan news agency and other media said on Friday. It said the police operation to seize the suspects, who were managers, partners and employees of the publishing group Kaynak Holding and related companies, was focused on Istanbul but spread across 24 provinces. Kaynak Holding was seized by the state in 2015 over links to the movement of Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999. He has denied involvement in the July 2016 abortive putsch. Hundreds of firms like Kaynak, many of them smaller provincial businesses, were seized by authorities in a post-coup crackdown and are now run by government-appointed administrators. Under the crackdown, more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over alleged links to Gulen, while 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the military, public and private sectors. In a separate operation centered in Ankara, 38 former employees from schools owned by the Gulen network were arrested on Friday, according to Turkish media. The schools were closed by a decree after the failed coup. The government dismisses rights groups  concerns about the crackdown, saying only such a purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says infiltrated institutions such as the judiciary, army and schools. ",1
16948,"South Korea stresses safety of Pyeongchang Olympics to diplomats, companies","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s foreign ministry stressed the Pyeongchang Olympics will be safe from North Korean provocations in a briefing to diplomats and executives at foreign companies in the country on Friday, as concerns persist over tensions with the North. Officials and executives from around 120 embassies and companies in South Korea were hosted by the ministry to explain the government s efforts for a safe Olympic Games scheduled for Feb. 9-25 next year, officials told Reuters.  We will consider it our top priority to ensure the safety and security of each and every national team, the Olympic family, and all the spectators visiting Pyeongchang during the Games,  said Park Enna, a foreign ministry official, in opening remarks at the meeting.  (We) will thoroughly prepare the Pyeongchang Olympics so that it may be regarded as the safest Olympics in history.  Briefing topics included current events regarding North Korea and the Korean peninsula as well as preparations in general for the Pyeongchang Olympics, she added. Officials from the United States, Japan, Russia and China, as well as members of chambers of commerce for Japan, China and Europe were to attend, according to the ministry. An official at the Japanese chamber of commerce in South Korea told Reuters ahead of the meeting they were not specifically aware which companies were planning to attend as the ministry appears to have contacted businesses separately. Park said the UN Olympic Truce Resolution, which has been adopted every two years since 1993 to cease all conflicts during the period of the Truce, will be adopted at the UN General Assembly on Nov. 13 for the Pyeongchang Games. Tensions on the Korean peninsula have risen in recent months as North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un and U.S. President Donald Trump exchanged threats and insults over the North s nuclear and missile development program. Concerns over safety grew in tandem as the Games will take place just 80 km (50 miles) from the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea, the world s most-heavily armed border.  France s Sports Minister Laura Flessel said last month that if the crisis in the region deepened and athletes  security could not be guaranteed then they would not travel to the Games. Members of France s Winter Olympics team, however, have remained optimistic the country will not boycott. Park said governments reportedly hesitant on participating in the Games have stated their position to partake in and support the coming Olympics. Rattled by rising tensions with North Korea, South Korea has been taking extra measures to try to ensure the safety of the 2018 Winter Games, including setting up a crack cyber defense team and doubling the number of troops, according to officials and documents reviewed by Reuters. North and South Korea remain technically at war after their 1950-53 conflict with a truce and not a peace treaty. ",1
16949,"NZ Prime Minister-elect Ardern focuses on final touches in coalition deal, NZ dollar sinks","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand Prime Minister-elect Jacinda Ardern said she would spend Friday ironing out issues and ministerial posts with coalition partner New Zealand First, a day after becoming the Pacific nation s youngest leader in recent times. The previous night s highly anticipated announcement by New Zealand First leader Winston Peters that he would support 37-year-old Ardern s Labour Party had ended a decade of center-right National rule and spelt big changes for the country s economy. The New Zealand dollar - the world s 11th-most traded currency - fell to five-month lows as investors grappled with heightened uncertainty and a more protectionist agenda.   When you are a hands off government, when you simply allow markets to decide the fate of your people, then that does not serve a country or it s people well,  Ardern told reporters in Wellington.  You will see a proactive government by Labour.  Labour has released the names of the people who would be in the cabinet, saying it would announce their portfolios next week.  The include Grant Robertson, Labour s spokesman for finance, and David Parker, spokesman for trade.  Ardern said on Thursday she had offered the role of deputy prime minister to Peters, who on Thursday gave his backing to Labour after inconclusive Sept.23 elections, and he was considering it. On Thursday evening, Labour said it would also stick to its promises to change the central bank s mandate and seek to renegotiate the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deals.  Concerns about a more protectionist agenda weighed on the currency and stock markets on Friday.  The New Zealand dollar fell to five month-lows of $0.6971 against the U.S. dollar, after posting its biggest daily fall in more than a year on Thursday.   The sentiment has now shifted toward more protectionist measures,  said Christina Leung, economist at New Zealand Institute of Economic Research.  Generally, financial markets don t like change, there is uncertainty over what this all means ... in the meantime that is reducing demand for New Zealand assets, and that s why we are seeing the decline in the New Zealand dollar.  The stock market was down 1.1 percent at the Friday open, but later recouped losses to stand in positive territory. Ardern told radio earlier that most of the party s flagship policies, including a ban on some foreign ownership of housing, had survived the negotiations with Peters in recent weeks.  With New Zealand First we ve got a few more details to iron out,  Ardern said.  Our plan remains, with a few minor changes ... we re finalizing in the next 24 hours the detail.   The election  thrust the country into political limbo for almost a month with neither major party winning enough seats to form a majority and giving New Zealand First the balance of power.  New Zealand First and Labour also needed support from the progressive Green Party, which said it would strike a  confidence and supply  agreement, meaning it was officially outside government but would hold ministerial posts and vote on key pieces of legislation like the budget. Ardern said the parties would release their agreements early next week and an announcement on ministerial posts would come later in the week. ",1
16950,New Zealand's 'first bloke' hooks into new role,"(Reuters) - New Zealand not only has its youngest female prime minister with the rise to power of center-left Labour leader Jacinda Ardern, but a renegade new  first bloke  who is a national celebrity in his own right.  Clarke Gayford, who hosts his own fishing television show, has already broken the mold of his predecessors, stepping in to defend his partner against  scaremongering old dinos  including one political rival who made a disparaging reference to Ardern and  lipstick on a pig . On Twitter, Gayford has thrown fishing buddy jokes to Winston Peters, the leader of the small nationalist party that decided Ardern s political fate and teased a nation that waited a month for an election result:  heading out of reception for a while..... things always seem to happen when I do this.  Gayford s social media followers are likely to surge following the decision this week of Peters  New Zealand First Party to throw its support behind 37-year-old Ardern and her Labour Party to form government.  Political analysts say the pair are a unique double act in a small country where the partners of the previous two female leaders, Helen Clark and Jenny Shipley, maintained a low profile.   This political power couple will be interesting to watch,  said Grant Duncan, associate professor at Massey University in Auckland.  They re both clearly very media savvy, both independent and have public profiles that were built up before they became a couple.   The couple met four years ago when Gayford, 39, went to complain to a member of parliament about the then National Party government s proposed changes to security legislation. He bumped into Ardern, a rising star of the Labour Party, they had coffee and were living together not long after.  Gayford s television show, Fish of the Day, sees him traveling around the Pacific, fishing and finding recipes for his catches. The series has been sold into 20 countries and won a gold award at the Houston International Film Festival last year. Gayford, who grew up on a farm without a television in summer, has a long history in broadcasting across television and radio. He s an occasional guest on weekly talkback radio show The Panel.  On election night last month, Gayford admitted to being  a little on edge  as he brought out barbecued sausages and fish bites - made, naturally, from a 42kg sea bass he caught off the east coast - to reporters staking out the couple s home in Auckland. And he told Radio New Zealand recently that he s still coming to terms with elements of his new life, including a security detail unfamiliar to somebody who spends much of his time out on the open water:  It s been a hell of a ride.  ",1
16951,"Amid South Korea freeze, China says cultural exchanges take the temperature","BEIJING (Reuters) - Cultural exchanges between countries need to consider the  temperature  of popular opinion and how people feel about each other, a senior Chinese official said on Friday, amid a freeze in cultural ties with South Korea over an anti-missile system. China has been angered by Seoul s decision to deploy the U.S.-made Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system, saying that its powerful radar harms China s own national security and will do nothing to lessen tensions with North Korea, which THAAD is supposed to defend against. Popular South Korean soap operas have been pulled from streaming sites, K-Pop singers have had concerts canceled and there has been a dramatic drop in Chinese tourists to South Korea. China has not officially linked the moves to the THAAD tensions, but has said relations need to have a  basis in popular opinion . Asked about the prospects for cultural exchanges with South Korea amid the THAAD dispute, deputy media regulator Zhang Hongsen said cultural exchanges were not an  ordinary exchange of goods .  Cultural exchanges relate to where the popular will inclines and to emotional choices,  he said, speaking on the sidelines of a Communist Party Congress.  So what we say is that culture exchanges are an exchange of temperatures, and this temperature comes from popular feeling and emotion,  added Zhang, who is a Vice Minister of the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television.  When popular sentiments and emotions align, cultural exchanges and cooperation can certainly develop in a positive direction,  he said, without elaborating. ",1
16952,Russian warships dock in Philippines as Manila cultivates new ties,"MANILA (Reuters) - Three Russian warships, including two anti-submarine vessels, docked in Manila on Friday to unload what navy officials said was weaponry and military vehicles donated to the Philippines as part of a new defense relationship. It was the third port visit this year by Russian warships as part of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte s moves to engage closely with Moscow, an arch-rival of Manila s former colonial master and closest defense ally, the United States. The load included 5,000 assault rifles, a million rounds of ammunition and 20 army trucks, Russian and Filipino navy officials said.   We would do our best to make this port call a significant contribution indicating friendly ties and relations between two nations in the interest of security and stability in this region,  said Eduard Mikhailov, deputy commander of Russia s Pacific Fleet flotilla. The visit was timed to coincide with the arrival next week of Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu, who is attending a regional defense meeting, and U.S. counterpart Jim Mattis, a Philippine navy spokesman said. Russia and the Philippines are expected to sign a security deal on military logistics next week. ",1
16953,North Korea warns states: Don't join any U.S. action and you're safe,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - North Korea warned countries at the United Nations on Monday in a statement: don t join the United States in military action against the Asian state and you will be safe from retaliation. The caution was contained in a copy of North Korean Deputy U.N. Ambassador Kim In Ryong s prepared remarks for a discussion on nuclear weapons by a U.N. General Assembly committee. However, Kim did not read that section out loud.  As long as one does not take part in the U.S. military actions against the DPRK (North Korea), we have no intention to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons against any other country,  according to Kim s prepared remarks.  The entire U.S. mainland is within our firing range and if the U.S. dares to invade our sacred territory even an inch it will not escape our severe punishment in any part of the globe,  the statement read. Tensions have soared between the United States and North Korea following a series of weapons tests by Pyongyang and a string of increasingly bellicose exchanges between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. The U.N. Security Council has unanimously ratcheted up sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs since 2006. North Korean Deputy U.N. Ambassador Kim did tell the U.N. General Assembly committee on Monday:  Unless the hostile policy and the nuclear threat of the U.S. is thoroughly eradicated, we will never put our nuclear weapons and ballistic rockets on the negotiation table under any circumstance.  ",1
16954,Australia's second largest state edges towards permitting euthanasia,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The parliament of Australia s second largest state passed legislation on Friday to allow terminally ill patients to seek medical help to end their lives, a bill that is expected to act as a catalyst for the rest of the country to adopt similar laws. Any resident of Victoria state over 18, with a terminal illness and with less than 12 months to live can request a lethal dose of medication, the bill permits. Anyone that is too ill to administer the dosage can ask for a doctor to help. Many countries have legalized euthanasia or physician-assisted deaths, including Canada, the Netherlands, Switzerland, and some states in the United States.  But Australia s federal government has opposed legalizing euthanasia even though the remote Northern Territory became the first jurisdiction in the world to do so in 1995.  The federal government enacted its own legislation to override the Northern Territory law in 1997 under rules allowed by the constitution. State law can not be overridden.  The passage of the bill in Victoria is expected to herald assisted death legislation in other Australian states.    It is a landmark moment. Other states are likely to follow. We have seen this in other jurisdictions and I expect once politicians see how the system works, they will adopt similar models,  said Ben White, director of the Australian Centre for Health Law Research at Queensland University of Technology. The issue has divided lawmakers and medicinal professionals. Victorian premier Daniel Andrews introduced the bill following his father s death from cancer in 2016. An opponent of the legalization, Michael Gannon, president of the Australian Medical Association, which represents medical practitioners, said state law should not change because of the death of Andrews  father. He later apologized for the comment. Members of the state assembly debated the emotive bill through the night in a 26-hour session that ended with approval by 47 votes to 37. The legislation needs the approval of Victoria s senate, though analysts expect it to pass into law. The legislation will not come into effect for 18 months to allow time to properly implement the assisted dying scheme.   ",1
16955,Singapore PM Lee says ready to step down in couple of years; no successor picked yet,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said he was ready to step down in a couple of years time and his successor is likely already in the cabinet but a clear choice has yet to emerge In an interview with CNBC released on Friday, Lee, 65, the son of Singapore s founding father Lee Kuan Yew, said a new election could be called any time before 2021, when the current five-year parliamentary term ends.  I am ready,  said Lee, when asked if he was prepared to step down in the next couple of years. But he said he needed to make sure there was a successor ready to take over, adding:  there are people in the wings. The question is, who it will be and that will need to be decided.   I think it s very likely that he would be in the cabinet already but which one, well that would take a while to, to account,  Lee said when asked he was close to finding a successor. Lee was speaking ahead of a visit to the United States starting Sunday - including a meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House. Local media and analysts say Finance Minister Heng Swee Keat and Chan Chun Sing, a former army chief and a minister in the prime minister s office, are among potential successors. Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam could be a candidate, although he has repeatedly said he does not want the job and he would be a surprise choice because he is a member of the minority ethnic Indian community. Singapore s leader since independence has always been a member of the majority Chinese community. Questions about succession in the wealthy Southeast Asian city state - which has been governed by the People s Action Party since independence in 1965 - came into focus when Lee, who has twice survived cancer, took ill during a televised speech last year and stumbled at a podium.  Doctors subsequently said there were no serious concerns. Lee Kuan Yew s successor, Goh Chok Tong, was identified at least five years in advance while the current leader, who first entered politics in 1984, was also groomed for the position long before he took office in 2004. [nL8N1B30B4] Prime Minister Lee said he was saddened by a feud with his siblings which played out in the public earlier this year over the fate of Lee Kuan Yew s family home. [nL3N1JV06P]  The matter is in abeyance. I m not sure if it s solved,  Lee said in the CNBC interview, adding he and his siblings had not recently communicated. Lee Hsien Yang and sister Lee Wei Ling accused their elder brother of abusing state power to try to save the house as a historic monument in defiance of his father s wishes. [nL4N1KR04A] The prime minister called for an extraordinary special sitting of parliament in July and subsequently said that debate failed to find any substantiated evidence of abuse of power. He has said the government must decide what to do with the property.   Perhaps one day when emotions have subsided, some movement will be possible. These things take time,  Lee said. ",1
16956,"Typhoon bears down on Japan, will hinder voting in national election","TOKYO (Reuters) - Typhoon Lan with heavy rains and destructive winds is expected to hit southern Japan on Sunday when the nation holds a national election, forcing officials in Okinawa to stage voting a day early on some remote islands. The Category 1 typhoon, located east of the Philippines on Friday morning and moving north, is expected to gain strength as it comes some 200 km (125 miles) east of Japan s southern island of Okinawa by Sunday, the Japan Meteorological Agency said.  It will likely rain very heavily in the Nansei island chain (in southern Japan), in the Pacific side of western and eastern Japan from the 21st to 23rd. There is a chance it will rain violently in some regions,  the agency said in a statement.          According to the Tropical Storm Risk web site, the typhoon will likely strengthen to category 3, but weaken again by the time it brushes past Tokyo on Monday. Local authorities in Okinawa have decided to move  the voting date to Saturday for some remote islands.             Tomoaki Iwai, political science professor at Nihon University, said the adverse weather is likely to hurt the standing of a new party led by popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, the Party of Hope.   Voters with no party affiliation tend not to go and vote (under the bad weather). So, parties that are dependent on the general mood of the voters at a given time, like the Party of Hope, are set to suffer,  Iwai said. He said some supporters of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) may opt not to brave the weather and vote as well, believing, based on recent media polls, the ruling party has got the election in the bag. The LDP-led coalition is on track to roughly match the two-thirds  super majority  it held in parliament s lower house before dissolution, helped by divisions in the opposition camp and jitters over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, media forecasts have said.  ",1
16957,"Fire destroys landmark hotel in Myanmar's largest city, kills one","YANGON (Reuters) - One person was killed on Thursday in a massive fire that destroyed one of Yangon s best-known hotels, sending dark smoke billowing over the center of Myanmar s largest city and triggering an hours-long battle to put out the flames. It was not immediately clear what caused the fire, which broke out around 3:20 a.m. at the teak-and-stone Kandawgyi Palace Hotel overlooking a picturesque inner-city lake, authorities told Reuters. An unidentified body was found in a guest room and two people were injured, said Htay Lwin, a spokesman of hotel owner Htoo Group.   Authorities were investigating the cause of the fire and the cost of the damage was not immediately clear, he added.  The fire had been mostly extinguished by 7 a.m., and more than 140 guests were shifted to nearby hotels. Htoo Group is chaired by business tycoon Tay Za, who, until last year, was on the list of United States sanctions for his close links to Myanmar s former military regime. Myanmar s civilian-led government, helmed by Nobel laureate and former dissident Aung San Suu Kyi, is grappling with the aftermath of a harsh military crackdown that has driven out more than 500,000 of the country s Rohingya Muslim minority. ",1
16958,Japan's Emperor Akihito likely to abdicate at end-March 2019: Asahi,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Emperor Akihito is likely to abdicate at the end of March 2019 and Crown Prince Naruhito is expected to ascend the throne in April, the first abdication by a Japanese monarch in nearly two centuries, the Asahi newspaper reported on Friday. The government is in the final stage of formalizing the schedule, said the Asahi, citing several sources. In June, Japan s parliament passed a law allowing Emperor Akihito to abdicate and the government needs to hammer out the details including the timing.  Japan s top government spokesman denied the Asahi report.  We are not aware of the report and there is not such fact,  Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference.  We will continue to discuss appropriately and will do our best to carry out the emperor s abdication smoothly,  he said. Akihito, 83, who has had heart surgery and treatment for prostate cancer, said in rare public remarks last year he feared age might make it hard for him to continue to fulfill his duties.  He will be succeeded by Naruhito, 57, and a new era will start from April 1, the Asahi reported. The abdication law, which applies only to Akihito and not to future emperors, included a resolution to debate letting female royals stay in the imperial family after marriage but did not touch on the controversial topic of allowing women to inherit. Asahi said the expected 2019 abdication schedule would minimize the impact on people in changing to a new imperial reign from the current Heisei Era, which started in 1989 after the death of Akihito s father Hirohito, according to the Asahi.  The Imperial Household Agency also wanted the transition to take place in spring 2019 as many ritual events are scheduled for the imperial family in autumn and winter, the report said. Akihito, the first Japanese emperor who was never considered divine, has worked for decades at home and abroad to soothe the wounds of World War Two which was fought in his father Hirohito s name.  In a written remarks of her 83rd birthday on Friday, Empress Michiko said that she thought this year her travels with Emperor Ahikito around Japan might be their last and have become deeply emotional.  The Empress also said she felt  an immeasurable sense of peace  that Akihito will be able to rest and spend quiet days after years of pursuing how the Emperor should be. ",1
16959,Merkel presses allies to cut funds for Turkey's EU bid,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European leaders agreed on Thursday to explore cuts in EU funds to Turkey that are linked to Ankara s stalled bid to join the bloc after German Chancellor Angela Merkel pressed for action in response to what she described as  unacceptable  Turkish behavior on human rights. While praising Turkey for taking in Syrian refugees, Merkel stuck with the tougher tone she adopted during her reelection campaign last month, although she stopped short of calling for an outright end to Ankara s decade-long push to join the bloc.  We asked the Commission to make recommendations on changing and reducing the pre-accession aid,  Merkel told reporters after the first day of an EU summit.  There is no majority for breaking off the talks immediately. On the other hand there is a great deal of scepticism about the current situation. I made the case tonight that we should seek dialogue with Turkey.  Earlier she said that the rule of law in Turkey was  moving in the wrong direction , in a reference to the large-scale purge that President Tayyip Erdogan has carried out following a failed coup attempt in July 2016. Other countries, including the Netherlands and Belgium, backed a diversion of the funds that EU candidate countries receive while they are in talks to join the bloc.  Everyone knows that those negotiations are de facto frozen, are de facto almost dead,  Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel told a news conference. Launched in 2005 after decades of seeking the formal start of an EU membership bid, Ankara s membership negotiations were always sensitive for France and Germany because of Turkey s status as a large, mainly Muslim country. But the scope of Erdogan s response to last year s coup attempt, his detention of U.S. and European citizens including dual nationals, and his jibes at Germany and the Netherlands for what he has called  Nazi-like  behavior. Aside from money that the EU gives Turkey as part of its  2016 migration deal, Ankara is set to receive 4.4 billion euros from the EU between 2014 and 2020. Some northern countries say aid meant to help Turkey reform politically now makes no sense because Ankara has cracked down so dramatically after the failed coup. With 50,000 people jailed pending trial, including German-Turkish nationals, EU membership also looks more distant than ever, EU officials say. Turkey is set to receive almost 500 million euros next year for the EU s common budget and European governments are discussing how much to limit that while not hitting projects such as infrastructure and agriculture. The European Parliament has proposed reducing the transfer by 50 million euros next year, with another 30 million euros set aside for further cuts should the relationship with Turkey deteriorate even more. A vote is expected on Wednesday.  Providing Turkey money for political reforms does not make sense given the situation,  said Siegfried Muresan, a center-right EU lawmaker who is leading EU budget in the parliament. However, EU governments are divided, with Poland, Britain and Sweden maintaining their strong support for Turkey s EU membership and countries such as Austria demanding not just a freeze to accession funds but an end to membership talks. ",1
16960,Rohingya refugee children in Bangladesh in dire state: UNICEF,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Nearly 340,000 Rohingya children are living in squalid conditions in Bangladesh camps where they lack enough food, clean water and health care, the United Nations Children s Fund (UNICEF) said on Friday. Up to 12,000 more children join them every week, fleeing violence or hunger in Myanmar, often still traumatized by atrocities they witnessed, it said in a report  Outcast and Desperate . In all, almost 600,000 Rohingya refugees have left northern Rakhine state since Aug. 25 when the U.N. says the Myanmar army began a campaign of  ethnic cleansing  following insurgent attacks.  This isn t going to be a short-term, it isn t going to end anytime soon,  Simon Ingram, the report s author and a UNICEF official, told a news briefing.  So it is absolutely critical that the borders remain open and that protection for children is given and equally that children born in Bangladesh have their birth registered.  Most Rohingya are stateless in Myanmar and many fled without papers, he said, adding of the newborns in Bangladesh:  Without an identity they have no chance of ever assimilating into any society effectively.    Safe drinking water and toilets are in  desperately short supply  in the chaotic, teeming camps and settlements, Ingram said after spending two weeks in Cox s Bazar, Bangladesh.  In a sense it s no surprise that they must truly see this place as a hell on earth,  he said.  One in five Rohingya children under the age of five is estimated to be acutely malnourished, requiring medical attention, he said.   There is a very, very severe risk of outbreaks of water-borne diseases, diarrhea and quite conceivably cholera in the longer-term,  he added. UNICEF is providing clean water and toilets, and has helped vaccinate children against measles and cholera, which can be deadly, he said.  The agency is seeking $76 million under a $434 million U.N. appeal for Rohingya refugees for six months, but is only 7 percent funded, he said, speaking ahead of a pledging conference in Geneva on Monday. U.N. agencies are still demanding access to northern Rakhine, where an unknown number of Rohingya remain despite U.N. reports that many villages and food stocks have been burned.  We repeat the call for the need for protection of all children in Rakhine state, this is an absolute fundamental requirement. The atrocities against children and civilians must end,  Ingram said.  We just must keep putting it on the record, we cannot keep silent.  ",1
16961,EU leaders talk up Iran nuclear deal hoping to save it from Trump,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders on Thursday reaffirmed their full commitment to the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, hoping that the U.S. Congress would not let it collapse despite relentless criticism by President Donald Trump. But the bloc, reluctant to isolate itself completely from Washington, is also stepping up criticism of Iran s ballistic missile program and its role in what the West sees as fomenting instability in the Middle East. Trump last week adopted a harsh new approach to Iran by refusing to certify its compliance with the nuclear deal, struck with the United States and five other powers including Britain, France and Germany after more than a decade of diplomacy.  We fully stay committed to the complete implementation by all sides of the Iranian nuclear deal. We see this as a key security interest for the European Union and the region,  said the bloc s top diplomat, Federica Mogherini. The EU leaders  joint statement, agreed after talks in Brussels on Thursday,  reaffirms full commitment to the Iran nuclear deal . The bloc has been stepping up efforts to save the deal, saying it was crucial to regional and global security, and it has appealed to the U.S. Congress not to let it fall. Trump has given Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Iran, lifted under the pact in exchange for the scaling down of a program the West fears was aimed at building a nuclear bomb, something Tehran denies.  The EU leaders also highlighted the need to protect their companies and investors dealing with Iran from any adverse effects should Washington reinstate the sanctions, officials said. Should Trump walk away from the deal, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Wednesday that Iran would  shred  it. The bloc sees the agreement as a chief international success of recent years, and fears tearing it apart would hurt its credibility as well as harming diplomatic efforts to defuse tensions around a nuclear stand-off with North Korea. In outlining his tougher stance, Trump said Tehran must also be held accountable for advancing its ballistic missile program and its regional political role.  We will defend the nuclear deal and stand by the nuclear deal and implement the nuclear deal. But we also don t want to be standing on a completely opposing side to the U.S.,  an EU official said.   If they withdraw, we would be left in a rather interesting company with China and Russia. So there may be an issue of separating the nuclear deal from the ballistic program and Iran s regional role, sending signals on the latter two.  Iran s elite Islamic Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) said on Thursday the ballistic missile program would accelerate despite U.S. and EU pressure to suspend it, the semi-official Tasnim news agency reported. The EU, which has expressed  concerns related to ballistic missiles and increasing tensions  in the Middle East, has said these issues should be discussed without direct links to the nuclear deal.       They were never very fond of the nuclear deal in the first place but now the situation has changed a lot. Both many Democrats as well as some Republicans feel like they need to play a more active role on foreign policy to restrain the president,  the official said. ",1
16962,Britain seeks new ways to detect explosives in airports,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain launched a fund on Friday to support new technology to screen hand-luggage in airports in a bid to detect concealed explosives without passengers having to remove electrical items from their bags. The Department for Transport said 3 million pounds  ($3.9 million) would be made available to support innovation in the detection of hidden explosives, as well as new methods to recognize when electrical items had been tampered with.  We need to embrace and encourage the talent from industry that will allow us to stay several steps ahead of those who wish us harm, security minister Ben Wallace said in a statement. Britain joined the United States in imposing a so-called  laptop ban  on certain flights from the Middle East earlier this year, restricting passengers from carrying electronic items in their hand luggage.   The restrictions have been lifted on some flights from Turkey and Tunisia following the introduction of new security measures, but remain in place elsewhere. The transport department said it would consider funding proposals that focused on screening at airport security areas, as well as portable technology which could be used at other points in a passenger s journey. ",1
16963,"Merkel has no doubts UK, EU will achieve good Brexit result","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday she had no doubts that the European Union and Britain could achieve a good result on Brexit after Prime Minister Theresa May appealed to leaders to move the talks forward.  I have absolutely no doubts that if we are all focused    and the speech in Florence was a contribution   that we can get a good result,  Merkel told reporters at an EU summit in Brussels.  From my side there are no indications at all that we won t succeed,  she said. ",1
16964,EU leaders want to 'responsibly' cut Turkey pre-accession aid: Merkel,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The human rights situation in Turkey is unacceptable, German Chancellor Angela Merkel told reporters on Thursday, adding European Union leaders had asked their executive arm to look at cutting pre-accession aid to Ankara in a  responsible way . Merkel urged her fellow leaders on Thursday to cut European Union funds to Turkey that are linked to Ankara s bid to join the bloc. She was supported by Belgium and the Netherlands. But speaking to journalists after the a dinner at which leaders discussed relations with Turkey, Merkel said she wanted a common EU position on the accession talks and said dialogue with Turkey had to continue. She also said she did not foresee talks with Ankara on expanding a customs union with the EU. ",1
16965,North Korea warns threats a 'big miscalculation' in letter to Australia lawmakers,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - North Korea has sent a letter to Australia s parliament, warning it is a nuclear power and will not be cowed by U.S. President Donald Trump s threats to destroy it, according to a copy of the letter published in an Australian newspaper on Friday.  If Trump thinks that he would bring the DPRK, a nuclear power, to its knees through nuclear war threat, it will be a big miscalculation and an expression of ignorance,  said a facsimile of the letter, published by the Sydney Morning Herald and verified by Australia s foreign ministry.  Trump threatened to totally destroy the DPRK ... it is an extreme act of threatening to totally destroy the whole world.  A spokeswoman for Australia s Foreign Minister told Reuters the Herald report was accurate and the paper s copy of the letter, dated Sept. 28, was genuine. Titled  Open Letter to Parliaments of Different Countries,  the note said it was sent from North Korea s Embassy in Jakarta, Indonesia, to Australia s Embassy in the same city, as well as to other countries, without naming them. DPRK stands for the Democratic People s Republic of Korea, North Korea s official name. Tension has soared on the peninsula following a series of weapons tests by North Korea and a string of increasingly bellicose exchanges between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Trump, in a speech last month at the United Nations, threatened to  totally destroy  North Korea if necessary to defend itself and allies and called the North s leader Kim Jong Un a  rocket man  on a suicide mission. The letter calls for  countries loving independence, peace and justice  to discharge their duty and keep  sharp vigilance against the heinous and reckless moves of the Trump administration trying to drive the world into a horrible nuclear disaster.  At a press conference in Sydney, Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the note was an  unprecedented  communication.  It is not the way they usually publish their global messages. The collective strategy of imposing maximum diplomatic and economic pressure through sanctions on North Korea is working. This is a response to the pressure.  ",1
16966,"Canada finance minister says will adopt blind trust, divest assets","OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada s Finance Minister Bill Morneau said on Thursday he will place his assets in a blind trust and divest all his stock in a publicly traded family business, amid opposition allegations that these holdings put him in a conflict of interest. Questions about the assets of Morneau, the multimillionaire former chief executive officer of human resources management firm Morneau Shepell, have dogged the minister and led some to question whether he would be forced to resign. His plan to adopt a blind trust follow weeks of backlash over a government attempt to reform small business taxes, which have become a major stumbling block for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s two-year-old Liberal government. Morneau said he had initially intended to put his assets in a blind trust - as Trudeau has - but had changed his mind after consultations with the ethics watchdog. He said he had  naively  believed that following the advice of the ethics commissioner was a high enough standard.  What we ve seen over the last week is that I need to do more. As minister of finance, in this role, it s important to make sure people have absolute confidence,  he told a news conference, adding he has  about a million shares  in the company and would work with a trustee to divest his and his family s holdings. Shares of Morneau Shepell Inc fell nearly 2 percent on Thursday to C$20.63, shedding about C$21.6 million in market value.  Morneau was elected in 2015 when the left-leaning Liberals were vaulted to a surprise majority under Trudeau, becoming one of the many rookie ministers in Trudeau s cabinet. In a heated session of parliament after the news conference, opposition politicians said Morneau s 2016 legislation on pension reform increased the profits of Morneau Shepell.  The finance minister and his company, Morneau Shepell, have benefited from the minister s actions,  said Conservative member of parliament Maxime Bernier. Morneau said he had been pulled out of government meetings at least twice since becoming finance minister to guard against conflicts of interest between policy decisions and his company.  I don t know the total number of times, but I can remember at least two times being taken out of meetings because of that conflict-of-interest screen, I believe. Of course I don t know what happened in those meetings,  he said. Separately, Morneau said the government s autumn fiscal update will be released on Oct. 24. ",1
16967,EU leaders seek greater reductions in Africa immigration,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders agreed on Thursday to provide  stronger support  to Italy for its work in Libya and replenish their Africa fund to further curb immigration to Europe.  We have a real chance of closing the Central Mediterranean route,  chairman Donald Tusk said after 28 EU leaders meeting in Brussels discussed migration, stressing the need to lower the number of arrivals from Africa going through the Mediterranean to Italy. EU executive European Commission told the group they needed to immediately chip in an extra 225 million euros for migration-related projects in Africa due to run this year and early next.  If we do want to be as present as possible in Africa - mainly in the Northern part of Africa - we have to increase financial means,  Commission head Jean-Claude Juncker said. Brussels has so far committed 2.9 billion euros to the so-called Africa Trust Fund, with another 234 million euros from EU states, according to the Commission. Brussels said 1.6 billion euros would be spent by the end of 2017 on Turkey. In 2016 the bloc promised 3 billion euros for Syrian refugees in exchange for Ankara shutting down the route traffickers and smugglers were using to get people to Greece.  Despite sour EU-Turkey relations on several issues, German Chancellor Angela Merkel praised Ankara for hosting refugees from Syria and said the bloc should pull together another 3 billion euros to that end.  We have promised 3 billion euros for the coming years in addition to the 3 billion that we have already committed. We need to deliver on this promise,  Merkel told reporters on arriving for the two-day EU leaders  summit in Brussels.   This money helps the refugees who are living under very difficult conditions. Once again, Turkey is doing a great job here,  she said. Since 2015, the bloc has helped Greece, Italy and Bulgaria with nearly 2 billion euros to manage immigration flows. It spent another 100 million euros on controlling migratory routes in the Western Balkans, according to figures provided by the bloc. It has been spending on more deportations and financing United Nations projects for refugees and migrants in Africa, and mulling a center in Libya to assess asylum requests there.  Despite criticism from rights groups that the EU is violating international humanitarian law by striving to curb immigration, the bloc has applauded itself for reducing arrivals by more than 70 percent in 2016 from the peak in 2015 when more than a million people entered in an uncontrolled flow. The influx of immigrants in 2015 caught the bloc by surprise, alarmed the EU s 500 million people and fueled support for anti-immigration, populist and nationalist groups. The bloc s asylum system broke down under the sheer numbers  and the cherished Schengen zone of control-free travel was strained as member states introduced emergency border checks. EU states have since sought to agree on how to change their asylum laws, with bitter disputes deepening east-west divides. Tusk said on Thursday the 28 EU leaders would discuss the issue again in December and were aiming for an agreement by mid-2018. Earlier this week, the European Parliament agreed its own stance on asylum reform, including an option to cut EU funds to states that refuse to host asylum-seekers reaching the bloc. It proposed moving away from the current rule mandating that the first country through which a person enters the EU must handle his or her asylum request, saying it puts too much burden on frontline states like Italy, Greece, Malta or Spain.  Southern frontline states want a scheme that would automatically lift people off their soil during periods of exceptionally high immigration and take them elsewhere in the EU.  Westerners like Germany and Sweden, which eventually receive most of the refugees, have said more of the burden must be shared and that solidarity was needed.  Eastern EU countries like Poland and Hungary have refused to admit anyone, saying doing so could compromise national security and affect the traditional composition of their populations. ",1
16968,UK's May appeals to EU leaders to signal movement in Brexit talks,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May called on EU leaders on Thursday to move forward with Brexit talks, underlining their shared support for free trade and promising to remain a strong partner on security. Hours before the European Union will rule that the Brexit talks have not made enough progress to move to a discussion of the two sides  future ties, May appealed to leaders over a dinner to signal that the negotiations will move forward.  We should be optimistic and ambitious about what we can achieve as we share the same set of fundamental beliefs in free trade, rigorous and fair competition, strong consumer rights and high regulatory standards,  she told the leaders, according to a British government official.  Alongside this I want to be very clear, the United Kingdom is unconditionally committed to maintaining Europe s security.  ",1
16969,Turkish police detain leading activist at airport: EU official,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police have detained prominent activist and businessman Osman Kavala at Istanbul s Ataturk Airport, Turkish media and a senior European parliamentarian said on Thursday. Kavala, whose Anadolu Kultur center says it campaigns for rights and cultural diversity including Kurdish issues, was taken to the city s counter-terrorism police department, the T24 news website cited his lawyer as saying. Istanbul police declined to comment and there was no immediate statement from the government.  Very disturbing news that Osman Kavala has been detained in Istanbul,  The European Parliament s rapporteur on Turkey, Kati Piri, wrote on Twitter. T24 said he was detained on Wednesday evening as he returned from a meeting in the southeastern city of Gaziantep after an order was issued for him to be detained for seven days. Police took computers from Anadolu Kultur s offices, it added. U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said Kavala s arrest was an example of a  very alarming trend  of detention of civil society leaders, human rights defenders, journalists, academics and activists in Turkey.  We have expressed to the Turkish government our concerns on many occasions about this trend ... It remains a major concern of ours,  she told reporters in Washington. France s foreign ministry said on Thursday it was worried by the arrest of Kavala, calling him  one of the most important and respected figures of the Turkish cultural scene and of civil society .   France like other European countries, regularly cooperate with Mr Kavala, who is a regular interlocutor to our embassy. (We) will be very attentive to developments in this case,  foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters. ",1
16970,"Maltese journalist probably killed by remotely detonated bomb, government says","VALLETTA (Reuters) - Police believe a bomb that killed a prominent journalist in Malta was attached beneath her car and triggered remotely, a government spokeswoman said on Thursday, giving the first details of the investigation. Daphne Caruana Galizia, a renowned blogger and fierce critic of the government, died on Monday in a blast that wrecked her  car as she was leaving her house, throwing debris and body parts into a nearby field. The murder shocked the Mediterranean island, the smallest nation in the European Union, and Prime Minister Joseph Muscat on Wednesday promised a reward to anyone who came forward with information about the killing. However, Caruana Galizia s three grown-up sons dismissed the offer, and called instead for Muscat to resign, saying he should take political responsibility for the first such murder of a journalist in Malta since the island won independence in 1964. Muscat has ruled out quitting and flew to Brussels on Thursday for an EU summit, where his spokeswoman said investigators were making some progress.   Emerging evidences make us think that the bomb was placed under the car and was set off with a remote trigger,  she said, adding that foreign experts would be called on to help identify the mobile phone which was used to detonate the bomb.  In a news conference in Valletta, police commissioner Lawrence Cutajar denied British police would join Dutch forensic experts and a team from the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in helping with the case. Muscat s spokeswoman earlier said British officers would be involved. Cutajar said no arrests had made so far and added it was too soon to discuss possible motives, telling reporters it would take weeks to collect all the evidence. He also could not confirm reports from a Maltese police source that Semtex explosives were believed to have been used in the killing. The island has seen a number of small bomb attacks in recent years tied to gangland criminals, but the explosives used were relatively rudimentary and did not have the same power as the device that targeted Caruana Galizia. The 53-year-old journalist used her widely read blog to lambast Muscat, his wife and some of his closest advisers, accusing them of setting up off-shore accounts to hide ill-gotten gain. They denied the charges and Muscat was suing Caruana Galizia for libel at the time of her death.  The police may or may not find out who ordered the assassination of our mother but as long as those who led the country to this point remain in place, none of it will matter,  her three sons, Matthew, Andrew and Paul, wrote on Facebook.  That added that the only way forward was for Muscat to stand aside:  Resign for watching over the birth of a society dominated by fear, mistrust, crime and corruption.  As he arrived at the EU summit in Brussels, Muscat denied that he had created a  mafia state  in Malta, which is home to a large financial services sector and the continental hub for the flourishing online gaming industry.   Definitely not,  Muscat said. The European Parliament said it would hold a debate next week on the protection of journalists and media freedom in Malta, where the government enjoys sweeping powers over the judiciary and the police.  Malta is a Mecca for money launderers and tax avoiders,  Greens EU legislator Sven Giegold said. The prime minister says the financial services sector is as transparent and compliant as in any other European jurisdiction.  ",1
16971,EU leaders urge full inquiry into Malta journalist murder,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders called on Malta on Thursday to carry out a full investigation with international help over the killing of the country s best-known journalist, and the EU parliament agreed to hold a debate on media freedom on the island. Malta s Prime Minister Joseph Muscat has already called in foreign investigators to help look into the car bomb that killed Daphne Caruana Galizia, who wrote about widespread breaches of the rule of law and corruption on the island. Malta is the smallest EU country but is home to a disproportionately large financial services sector and is the continental hub for the flourishing online gaming industry.  Muscat, who himself had sued Caruana Galizia after she accused him and his wife of wrongdoing, promised a thorough investigation of the killing.  We will not exclude any sort of path, any sort of measure to make sure we get to the bottom of it,  Muscat told reporters arriving to the EU summit in Brussels. The president of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani said he raised the issue in a meeting with EU leaders.  I called for an international investigation to fully clarify an event of unprecedented gravity,  he said, adding that the leaders broadly shared the view. During the meeting, German Chancellor Angela Merkel backed an international investigation, EU officials said. Diplomats said that France, Spain and Portugal had also stressed the need for involvement of foreign investigators. Before the meeting Muscat said the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and Dutch investigators would help in the case and other security forces, including London s Scotland Yard, could join. The chief of the Maltese police later denied possible involvement of the British police. Political leaders of the EU Parliament agreed to hold a debate next Tuesday on  protection of journalists and the defense of media freedom in Malta , according to a draft agenda adopted on Thursday.   Malta is a Mecca for money launderers and tax avoiders,  Greens EU legislator Sven Giegold said.  Malta s center of power suffers from a culture of impunity unlike hardly any other country in the EU. Europe must no longer turn a blind eye to the way in which the rule of law is flouted in Malta.  Muscat has rejected criticism that he has allowed wealthy foreigners to hold great sway over Malta, and says the financial services sector is as transparent and compliant as any other European jurisdiction. ",1
16972,Spain to suspend Catalonia's autonomy in response to independence threat,"MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spain s central government said on Thursday it would suspend Catalonia s autonomy and impose direct rule after the region s leader threatened to go ahead with a formal declaration of independence if Madrid refused to hold talks. In an act unprecedented since Spain returned to democracy in the late 1970s, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said he would hold a special cabinet meeting on Saturday that could trigger the move. The Socialist opposition said it backed the government but suggested the measures should be limited in scope and time. Catalan president Carles Puigdemont, ignoring a 10 a.m. deadline to drop his secession campaign, wrote a letter to Rajoy threatening a formal declaration of independence. The war of words increased uncertainty over a standoff that has raised fears of social unrest, cut growth prospects for the euro zone s fourth-largest economy and rattled the euro.  If the government continues to impede dialogue and continues with the repression, the Catalan parliament could proceed, if it is considered opportune, to vote on a formal declaration of independence,  Puigdemont said. Catalonia, which has a distinctive culture and language, triggered Spain s biggest political crisis for decades with a secession bid it put to a referendum on Oct 1. Only 43 percent of voters participated but those who did voted overwhelmingly to secede, while opponents of secession mostly stayed home. Spanish courts have ruled the referendum illegal, but Puigdemont says the result is binding and must be obeyed. The European Union declined to help mediate, saying the crisis was for Madrid and Barcelona to resolve.  Member states are clear there is no room or space for any kind of mediation,  European Council President Donald Tusk told a news conference during an EU leaders summit in Brussels. The regional authorities have not made clear how and when a declaration of independence would take place and whether it would be endorsed by the regional assembly. Some pro-independence lawmakers have said they want to hold a vote in the Catalan parliament to lend it a more solemn character. Rajoy plans to invoke Article 155 of the 1978 constitution, which allows taking control of a region if it breaks the law. A senior government source said the exact measures would be agreed on Saturday and probably voted through the upper house Senate on Oct. 30, giving the secessionists a few days of leeway to respond before Madrid takes control. The regional authorities could use that time to split unilaterally, call elections in the hope of strengthening their mandate, or back down, although this is seen as highly unlikely.  From the moment the measures are known, the regional government knows what s going to happen and has a period of time to act until 155 can be acted upon,  the source said. Spanish stocks, bonds and the euro all suffered in early trade, but recovered, a bounce some strategists attributed to a sense that Madrid had the upper hand in the standoff.  The terms of Article 155 are vague and could spur more wrangling with the restive region.  The government will use all the tools available to restore as soon as possible the law and the constitutional order, recover peaceful cohabitation between citizens and stop the economic damage that the legal uncertainty is creating,   government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo said in a statement. Rajoy s team met members of the socialist party to coordinate their next steps. A spokesman for the Socialists said while they fully stood behind the government they would insist Article 155 is applied in the most proportionate way. Madrid s options range from closing down the regional parliament and expelling lawmakers, to a softer and more targeted approach, the government source said. Theoretically, the central administration could take control of the region s finances and police, and call a snap election. But some members of the Catalan government have already questioned this interpretation of the constitution, suggesting the stand-off could extend for at least several more days. Carles Riera, a lawmaker from the pro-independence CUP party whose 10 deputies are vital to Puigdemont s coalition, said dialogue with the Spanish state now looked impossible, and called on the leader to formalize a declaration of independence.  From our point of view, the sooner this happens the better,  Riera told Reuters in the Catalan capital Barcelona. Impatience is also setting in among residents of the port city. Merche, 55, who voted for secession in the referendum, said she was tired of the political to-and-fro.  People want a resolution. Go for one thing or the other, but leave people in peace to carry on with their routine and their work,  she said, rearranging lettuces on her market stall.  Puigdemont has already defied Rajoy once this week, when he ignored a first deadline to drop the independence campaign and instead called for talks. Rajoy says the Catalan government has repeatedly broken the law, including when it held the banned referendum and when it made a symbolic declaration of independence on Oct. 10, only to suspend it seconds later.  Puigdemont says a violent police crackdown during the referendum and arrests of pro-independence leaders on charges of sedition show the Spanish state has become authoritarian. ",1
16973,Catalonia finds no friends among EU leaders,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders sought to minimize Spain s crisis with Catalonia on Thursday and avoid encouraging separatists across the bloc, describing Barcelona s secession bid as a domestic issue and declining a mediation role.  Leaders did not hold a discussion of Catalonia s bid to break away from Spain and judged they had nothing to gain by angering Madrid, diplomats said.  It is not on our agenda,  European Council President Donald Tusk told reporters during the EU summit.  All of us have our own emotions, opinions, assessments but formally speaking there is no space for an EU intervention.  The approach contrasted with EU strategies on almost every other major issue over the past decade, including Greece s financial crash and mass migration flows from Syria. On countless occasions, EU leaders have used late-night summits to press for a common decision or joint policy statement.  It s an internal Spanish matter,  Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte told reporters, a position echoed by French President Emmanuel Macron, who held a private meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on the sidelines of the summit.   He (Macron) has complete confidence in Rajoy to resolve the situation,  a French diplomat told Reuters. Spain s government is set to suspend Catalonia s autonomy and impose direct rule after the region s leader threatened to go ahead with a formal declaration of independence if Madrid refused to hold talks. Rajoy kept a low profile at the summit while his fellow leaders held news conferences on Thursday. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she hoped there were solutions  on the grounds of the Spanish constitution.  Despite some disquiet over the way Rajoy handled a Catalan independence referendum on Oct. 1, which Madrid said was illegal and sent in police to disrupt voting, countries fear making any remarks that could embolden separatists at home. From Scotland to Flanders and Lombardy, the 2007-09 financial crisis, unemployment and migration have allowed separatists, anti-EU and populist parties to feed off discontent with political elites and reopen regional divisions.  As Britain negotiates its exit from the EU, few leaders want to wade into another highly complex negotiation bringing new economic uncertainty and legal disruption. Smaller EU countries such as Slovenia that emerged as sovereign states after the end of the Cold War are equally uncomfortable about inspiring secessionists across the bloc. They rely on Spain, a large euro zone economy, for investment. Even in Western Balkan countries aspiring to join the European Union, there is a reluctance to fuel calls for regional autonomy at home. Spain is one of five EU countries that has yet to recognize Kosovo s independence.  There is not much to gain from backing Barcelona and a lot to lose from angering Madrid,  said a senior EU diplomat at the EU summit. ",1
16974,Winnie Mandela 'in high spirits' after minor surgery: spokesman,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African anti-apartheid veteran Winnie Madikizela-Mandela, ex-wife of the late President Nelson Mandela, is  in high spirits  after being admitted to hospital for minor surgery, her spokesman said on Thursday.  Victor Dlamini said in a statement the 81-year-old former first lady was admitted to hospital on Tuesday for minor surgery on her knee and doctors had decided to keep her in for the next two weeks as she recovers.  I visited her at the hospital this afternoon and she was in high spirits,  Dlamini said.  In our conversation (she) said that her health problems go back to the time when she was banished to Brandfort by the apartheid government and during this period her knee first gave her trouble.  Madikizela-Mandela spent several weeks in hospital last year for back surgery.   During her ex-husband s 27-year incarceration for his fight against apartheid, Madikizela-Mandela campaigned for his release and for the rights of black South Africans, undergoing detention, banishment and arrest. ",1
16975,Lebanon's parliament approves country's first budget since 2005,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s parliament on Thursday approved the first state budget in 12 years, a vital step towards reforming the fragile economy and preventing rising debt spinning out of control.  Successive governments have failed to pass annual budgets due to a string of political crises since the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri.  (Passing the budget) is a fundamental step on the state s path to reinstating order in the public finances,  Minister of Finance Ali Hassan Khalil said after the vote.   Passing a budget was a priority for the government of Rafik s son, Saad al-Hariri, which took office in January. Hariri described the 2017 budget as an  historic achievement  and said his government would strive to return the country to financial and political health. A main obstacle to passing the 2017 and previous budgets has been demands from some politicians that an audit of extra-budgetary spending from previous years be carried out. But on Wednesday, parliament approved a law allowing the budget to be passed before such an audit is completed and giving the minister of finance up to a year to carry it out. The budget passed after three days of discussion by 61 votes for and four against. Eight members of parliament abstained.   Lebanon s economic growth has been battered by years of paralysis in government decision-making and six years of war in neighboring Syria. Growth slowed to just over 1 percent a year from an average of 8 percent before the Syrian war. Lebanon s debt has also risen strongly since the war began in 2011. Moody s says the debt-to-Gross Domestic Product ratio, which indicates a country s ability to pay back its debt, is the world s third highest and will reach almost 140 percent in 2018. Economists have said a budget was vital to reforming public finances, but that more needs to be done to improve growth and investor confidence in the country: reform the heavily subsidized electricity sector, boost tax collection and upgrade crumbling infrastructure.  The government will begin work on the 2018 budget next week, Hariri and Khalil said. Khalil said it will include a vision to develop the country economically and socially as well as  financial and reform measures to reduce the deficit and increase growth . ",1
16976,Erdogan critic held in Spain returns to Germany denouncing 'despotism',"DUESSELDORF, Germany (Reuters) - Author Dogan Akhanli flew back to Germany on Thursday after he was briefly detained in Spain at Turkey s request, and lambasted Ankara for launching a  failed manhunt . Turkey issued an Interpol warrant for the Turkish-German writer, a critic of President Tayyip Erdogan s government, in August. Akhanli was quickly released. But the move inflamed a row between Germany and Turkey, both NATO members. His lawyer at the time said the detention was part of a Turkish crackdown on dissidents. As Akhanli embraced loved ones at Duesseldorf airport, a man shouted at him in Turkish:  This country cannot save you . The author told reporters:  I would say Turkey s manhunt has failed, that might be why this man is so annoyed and feels the need to threaten me.  Denouncing  despotism  in Turkey, he said reports that prominent activist and businessman Osman Kavala was arrested on Wednesday in Istanbul showed that  if this country arrests even him, then really nobody is safe there.  Akhanli, detained in the 1980s and 1990s in Turkey for opposition activities, including running a leftist newspaper, fled Turkey in 1991 and has lived and worked in the German city of Cologne since 1995. Ties between Ankara and Berlin have been increasingly strained in the aftermath of last year s failed coup in Turkey as Turkish authorities sacked or suspended 150,000 people and detained more than 50,000, including other German nationals. ",1
16977,Italy's Renzi pledges to hike budget deficit if he wins election,"ROME (Reuters) - Former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said on Thursday that if he wins next year s election he will slash taxes and sharply raise Italy s budget deficit rather than lower it as European Union rules require.  We ll take the deficit back up to 2.9 percent (of gross domestic product), cutting taxes by 30 to 50 billion euros  ($59.14 billion),  Renzi, the leader of the ruling Democratic Party (PD) said in an evening television interview. Italy has committed to cutting its deficit to 1.6 percent of GDP next year from a targeted 2.1 percent this year, and to balance its budget in 2020. Brussels says reining in the annual deficit toward zero is necessary to bring down Italy s huge public debt of 132 percent of GDP, the highest in the euro zone after Greece s. Ahead of the election to be held by May, all the main parties have come out strongly against the EU s so-called  fiscal compact , agreed in 2012, which sets tough deficit and debt-reduction goals for high-debt countries like Italy. Renzi resigned as prime minister in December last year after losing a referendum over his plans for constitutional reform, and was replaced by his former Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni. He first floated the idea of hiking the deficit in a book he published in July, but the suggestion drew a cool response from Italian government ministers and the EU. The PD is running neck-and-neck with the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, according to opinion polls, but the surveys suggest no party or coalition is likely to win a working majority in parliament.   ",1
16978,Leaders of Venezuela's bruised opposition to travel abroad to denounce 'voting fraud',"CARACAS (Reuters) - Key members of Venezuela s opposition, divided and dispirited after losing gubernatorial elections over the weekend, will travel abroad to denounce what it says is a  fraudulent  voting system under leftist President Nicolas Maduro.  Congress president Julio Borges said in a press conference on Thursday that the opposition coalition will try to stir up international support, which could result in further sanctions against Maduro s administration.  His unpopular government unexpectedly swept to victory in Sunday s regional vote, pocketing 18 of 23 states in the midst of a debilitating economic crisis that has millions skipping meals as soaring inflation destroys salaries.  Polls had forecast the opposition easily beating the ruling socialists. Maduro s rivals say a mix of dirty tricks, like  moving hundreds of voting centers in opposition areas at the last minute and including the names of opposition politicians who lost in primaries on ballots, worked against them.   We made a huge effort, we aimed to overcome all the obstacles, and what the government did was upgrade its fraud and its cheating,  said Borges, adding that politicians were due to travel to fellow Latin American countries and other supportive nations shortly.   We have the full records of this electoral process and we re going to submit them to various international bodies, so that ... they can be audited,  added Borges, who did not provide further details on the trips. While the opposition first cried fraud, without providing proof, it later scaled back its accusations and is now focusing on the minerals-rich state of Bolivar where it says its losing candidate was robbed of decisive votes.  Maduro blasted his opponents as sore losers who cry fraud when convenient. On Thursday, he inaugurated Hector Rodriguez, a rising star in the Socialist Party, as governor of Miranda state in a ceremony filled with song and dance.  Opposition politicians have acknowledged that demoralization in their own ranks hurt turnout. Many opposition supporters are exhausted after four months of protests earlier this year and were loath to participate in what some saw as a rigged vote that would legitimize Maduro as a dictator.  They were even more downbeat after the vote, however, as it casts doubt on whether they can remove the ruling Socialist Party in next year s presidential election.   The government s handling of (Sunday s) vote suggests that it is not even willing to entertain anything close to free and fair presidential elections in 2018, even if it prompts growing international isolation, renewed unrest, and increased outward migration,  consultancy Eurasia wrote in a note to clients this week. ",1
16979,Exiled Venezuelan opposition magistrates resurface in Chile,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - A group of opposition-appointed Venezuelan judges arrived on Thursday in Chile as exiles after more than two months holed up at the Chilean ambassador s residence in Caracas to avoid arrest in the crisis-hit country. Chile s Foreign Ministry had granted the five parallel magistrates asylum in August. Threatened with jail by Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, they remained in Venezuela until last week, when they said they fled the country.  Four of the five resurfaced in Santiago on Thursday morning. Another is expected to arrive later in the day.  All we can say today is that we were forced to abandon our beloved home of Venezuela, but that another nation has embraced us, and will protect our freedom,  Beatriz Ruiz, one of the five, told reporters at Santiago airport. Ruiz is one of 33 unofficial magistrates who were threatened with jail by Maduro after the opposition-led National Assembly appointed them in July to challenge the country s Supreme Court, which has heavily favored the ruling Socialist Party. Maduro and the Supreme Court, however, contend that the designation of the opposition magistrates was illegal.  The status of the remaining unofficial magistrates remains unclear. Three were detained, although local media reported they were subsequently freed. Others have fled to the United States and Colombia. Chile is among 12 countries in the Americas that form the so-called Lima group that criticized Venezuela s entirely pro-government 545-member legislative superbody, known as the Constituent Assembly, elected in July. The Lima group this week criticized a nationwide election held in Venezuela on Sunday, when the ruling Socialist Party took 18 of 23 governorships in a nationwide vote despite widespread anger over economic hardship, that has left millions suffering food shortages, a currency collapse and soaring inflation. ",1
16980,"Putin dials up anti-U.S. rhetoric, keeps mum on re-election","SOCHI/MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin launched one of his most stinging critiques of U.S. foreign policy on Thursday, listing what he called some of the biggest betrayals in U.S.-Russia relations. He declined to say if he would run for a fourth presidential term in an election set for March, though he is expected to stand after dominating Russian politics for 18 years. Instead, he used a high-profile televised discussion with foreign academics in southern Russia to reach back to what he regards as the darkest days of U.S.-Russia relations. Opinion polls suggest that harsh rhetoric towards the West plays well with many Russian voters, who credit Putin for restoring national pride and standing up to what they see as Western encroachment. Asked by a Germany-based academic to identify what mistakes Moscow had made in its relations with the West, Putin told the Valdai discussion forum in the Black Sea resort of Sochi:   Our biggest mistake was that we trusted you too much. You interpreted our trust as weakness and you exploited that.  Visibly angry at times, Putin cast Russia as the wronged party and its post-Soviet leadership as too naive and trusting.  Unfortunately, our Western partners, having divided the USSR s geopolitical legacy, were certain of their own incontestable righteousness having declared themselves the victors of the  Cold War,  said Putin.  They started to openly interfere in the sovereign affairs of countries and to export democracy in the same way as in their time the Soviet leadership tried to export the Socialist revolution to the whole world.  Putin said U.S.-Russia relations were in a lamentable state, referencing an  unprecedented  anti-Russian campaign in the United States, the closure of Russian diplomatic facilities there and pressure on Russian media by U.S. authorities. He did not single out U.S. President Donald Trump for personal criticism, but said Trump s behavior was unpredictable as a result of political foes who were preventing him from fulfilling almost all of his policy pledges. Putin said the United States was trying to squeeze Russia out of European energy markets with its latest batch of sanctions, which Trump grudgingly signed into law in August after Congress approved them.  The recent sanctions package adopted by the U.S. Congress was openly designed to push Russia out of European energy markets and to force Europe to switch to more expensive liquefied natural gas from the United States, even though the volumes there are not yet sufficient,  he said. He criticized Trump s predecessors, describing how he believed the United States had betrayed Russia in the 1990s by not reciprocating what he called the unprecedented access Moscow gave Washington to Russia s secret nuclear facilities. He said the United States had flouted nuclear and chemical weapons treaties, saying Moscow had diligently complied with the same pacts only to be repeatedly let down by the United States. His speech and ripostes in a punchy question and answer session that followed often sounded like a history lesson.   The United States had tried to stir up separatism in southern Russia in the 1990s, said Putin, something he said he knew for a fact from his stint leading the FSB spy agency. The 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq and NATO s 1999 bombing of Yugoslavia were bad, he said. And in comments that could have been drawn straight from the pages of the Cold War, Putin accused the United States of upsetting the strategic nuclear balance by modernizing its arsenal of weapons. Russia would develop new weapons systems, he pledged, if it was forced to, and if the United States withdrew from a landmark arms control treaty   the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty   Russia would hit back fast.  From our side, the response will be instant, and I want to warn, symmetrical,  said Putin. (This version of the story was refiled to fix a typo in the headline) ",1
16981,Germany says worried about new generation of Islamic State recruits,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s domestic intelligence agency said on Thursday that minors returning from war zones in Syria and Iraq could grow into a new generation of recruits in Germany for the Islamic State group. More than 950 people from Germany went to join Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, some 20 percent of them women and 5 percent minors, the BfV domestic intelligence agency said. With Islamic State losing territory in Syria and Iraq, many of the women are expected to return with their children. Germany needs to prepare for the risk of the children being radicalized, BfV chief Hans-Georg Maassen said.  We see the danger of children who socialized with and were indoctrinated by jihadists returning to Germany from the war zones,  said Maassen.  This could allow a new generation of jihadists to be raised here.  Last year, a 12-year-old German-Iraqi boy failed in an attempt to detonate two explosive devices in the western town of Ludwigshafen. ",1
16982,"Togo forces fire on protesters, seven wounded","LOME (Reuters) - Security forces in Togo fired bullets and teargas on Thursday, wounding at least seven people as they sought to break up violent protests against the 50-year ruling family dynasty in the West African banking and transport hub. Activists have been demonstrating since August against President Faure Gnassingbe s refusal to give a clear date for stepping aside and to allow opposition parties to flourish in the region s only country that still does not accept presidential term limits. A Reuters cameraman saw trucks carrying armed paramilitary gendarmes drive into crowds and fire volleys of teargas. Protesters in the Lome suburb of Be, flanked by rundown buildings and palm trees, set up barricades, burned tyres and threw stones at the security forces.  We ve received seven people wounded by bullets so far,  said a doctor at the Social Medical Centre in Be, where some were being wrapped in bandages. The former French colony of 8 million people is home to several large firms, including Ecobank and regional airline ASKY, and has undergone major port upgrades as the president has sought to turn the resource-poor nation into a commercial hub. But a history of repression and the monopoly of power by one family - Faure took power in 2005 upon the death of his father Gnassingbe Eyadema, who had ruled for 38 years - threaten its stability.  Ghassingbe s opponents says reforms announced last month, in response to August s protests, will still allow him to run the West African country until 2030. ",1
16983,Putin says Russia hopes to broaden cooperation with U.S.,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday he hoped Moscow could cooperate with Washington in a broader range of fields.   We have dialogue at the work level and on the level of the special services, the defense ministries, the foreign ministries. We achieve joint results,  Putin said at a forum with scholars.  We have to expand our cooperation to other spheres.  ",1
16984,Putin says doubts U.S. strike on North Korea would destroy arsenal,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday he doubted that a possible U.S. preventative strike on North Korea would destroy all of Pyongyang s weapons. ",1
16985,Putin says Trump should be respected,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday President Donald Trump should be respected because he has a democratic mandate.  He has been elected by the American people and at least because of this he should be respected, even if we disagree with his position , Putin said at a forum with scholars. ",1
16986,Exclusive: New data shows race disparities in Canada's bail system,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Black people in Canada s most populous province spent longer behind bars awaiting trial than white people charged with many of the same categories of crimes in each of the past five years, according to data obtained by Reuters. Between April 2015 and April 2016, the most recent period in which data is available, black people awaiting trial in Ontario jails were there longer, on average, than white people charged with the same crime in 11 of 16 offense categories Reuters examined. There were approximately 6,000 black people and nearly 26,000 white people remanded to pre-trial detention during the period. The data showed similar patterns in the four prior years. (Graphic: Racial disparities in pre-trial detention - tmsnrt.rs/2z18vS7) Among the categories examined, black people spent almost twice as long in remand in 2015-2016 for weapons offenses, equivalent to an additional 38 days. They also spent 46 percent longer for serious violent offenses and 36 percent longer on charges of obstructing justice.   In three categories, white people awaiting trial were held longer in remand during the same period. Those included drug possession, theft and traffic offenses. In two categories, the difference was 1 percent or less. The data also showed black people arrested and held in custody between 2011 and 2016 were more likely than white people to spend more than a year in pre-trial detention. Reuters obtained the previously unreported data through access-to-information requests from Ontario, which asks inmates to indicate their race when they enter jail. Other provinces do not collect this data or categorize it differently. A spokesman for Ontario Attorney General Yasir Naqvi said the province  takes systemic racism seriously and is working to address racial inequities,  but declined to comment on the data. The Ontario Crown Attorneys  Association, which represents the province s prosecutors, and the Association of Justices of the Peace, which represents the people who decide most of Ontario s bail cases, declined to comment.  More than a dozen defense lawyers as well as prosecutors, criminologists, and a judge interviewed by Reuters said shortcomings in Canada s bail system appeared to play a role in the racial disparities shown in the data. Unlike the United States, Canada virtually eliminated cash bail almost half a century ago. Instead, courts often require prisoners awaiting trial to secure a surety, meaning a relative or close friend who can appear in court and subsequently monitor them.  A surety needs assets to pledge, a crime-free record and, often, a home where the accused person can live until the case is complete. A surety cannot represent more than one defendant at a time. Current and former prosecutors interviewed for this story said securing a surety can be onerous and the requirement is perhaps relied upon too often; but some said sureties remain the best way to protect the public and ensure defendants show up for trial. Critics of the system say the poor are less likely than middle-class or wealthy people to have connections to provide the assets to pledge or housing to act as a surety. They add that this has an outsized impact on minorities, who are over-represented among Canada s poor.  Surety is a huge issue in Ontario,  said Nicole Myers, a criminologist at Simon Fraser University in British Columbia.  If you are from a marginalized community or a criminalized community, it can be very difficult to find a surety the court deems appropriate.  The data did not take into account specifics of each case, the person s criminal record, the frequency of plea deals, whether the person had a bail hearing and why bail may have been denied. Reuters focused on offenses with the largest pre-trial populations when comparing the average periods in remand, to minimize the impact of outliers. Inmates charged in multiple offense categories were counted in only the more serious one; multiple charges could affect someone s chances of getting bail.   Studies, including one published last year by the Ottawa police, have found Ontario s black communities are more heavily policed than white ones. This makes black people more likely to be caught breaching bail and makes it harder to find a surety without a criminal record who is not serving as surety for someone else, said Chris Sewrattan, a defense lawyer who represents many young black men from eastern Toronto. In a ruling this year, Canada s Supreme Court called sureties  one of the most onerous forms of release,  not to be used unless other options have been considered, such as programs that assign a case worker and require the accused to check in regularly with the courts.  The court did not address race in its ruling. At least six provincial governments in Canada, including those of Alberta, British Columbia, and Manitoba, have said they are reviewing bail practices. An earlier Reuters investigation found inmates awaiting trial are more likely to die behind bars than their sentenced counterparts. ",1
16987,Soccer star Weah to face vice president in Liberian presidential run-off,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Former soccer star George Weah won the first round of Liberia s presidential election with 38.4 percent of the vote, 10 points ahead of Vice President Joseph Boakai who will face him in a run-off next month, the electoral commission said on Thursday. Liberians are slowly waking up to the prospect of the only African ever to win FIFA World Player of the Year and the Ballon d Or replace Nobel Peace Prize winner Ellen Johnson Sirleaf as their leader. Weah, 51, has served as a senator from the opposition Congress for Democratic Change since 2015, after returning home from an international soccer career to immerse himself in politics. As a political novice in 2005 he lost to Johnson Sirleaf in a presidential election.  The official final results showed Boakai, representing Johnson Sirleaf s ruling Unity Party, had won 28.8 percent of the vote, putting the two frontrunners comfortably ahead of a large field of mostly minor candidates. Lawyer Charles Brumskine, who says the vote was rigged despite observers calling it fair, came third with 9.6 percent.  King George , as Weah s supporters call him, is wildly popular among the youth and the disenfranchised, especially in the shanties of the rundown seaside capital Monrovia. Many of them feel they have not benefited from Liberia s post-war recovery, a sentiment that has counted against Boakai.  But Weah has so far been light on policy and will face a tough time meeting high expectations in a difficult economic climate of low prices for the commodities that are Liberia s main exports. Johnson Sirleaf, a former finance minister who worked for Citibank and the World Bank during years in exile after fleeing Liberia during a coup, was awarded the 2011 Nobel for shoring up peace after a 15-year civil war that ended in 2003. Many Liberians credit her with creating the conditions that allow this election to bring Liberia s first democratic transfer of power for seven decades. But she has not managed to effectively tackle corruption or lift millions out of poverty. An Ebola outbreak ravaged the economy and a drop in the price of iron ore only made things worse. Poor roads still leave most of rural Liberia stranded during the rainy season, and few Liberians have grid power outside the main cities. ",1
16988,Kurdish officials say thousands flee Kirkuk since Iraqi army takeover,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kurdish officials said on Thursday thousands of their people had fled Kirkuk region fearing persecution since Iraqi armed forces retook it following a referendum on Kurdish independence that was rejected by Baghdad. The officials said roughly 100,000 people had gone, though that number could not be confirmed independently, and many Kurdish neighborhoods in Kirkuk city appeared to be operating normally.  The United Nations voiced concern at reports that civilians, mainly Kurds, were being driven out of parts of northern Iraq retaken by Iraqi forces and their houses and businesses looted and destroyed, and urged Baghdad to stop any such abuses. A mayor from the town of Khanaqin, Mohammed Mulla Hassan, said a Kurdish man was killed and six wounded by Iraqi security forces while protesting at the army s takeover there. Kurdish troops had left Khanaqin, near the border with Iran, on Tuesday to avoid clashing with advancing Iraqi forces. Central government forces swept into Kirkuk, a multi-ethnic city of more than 1 million people and the hub of a major oil-producing area, largely unopposed on Monday after most Kurdish Peshmerga forces withdrew rather than fight. Iraqi forces also took back control of Kirkuk oilfields, effectively halving the amount of output under the direct control of the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in a serious blow to the Kurds  independence quest. Baghdad s recovery of Kirkuk, situated just outside the KRG s official boundaries on disputed land claimed by Kurds, ethnic Turkmen and Arabs, put the city s Kurds in fear of attack by Shi ite Muslim paramilitaries, known as Popular Mobilisation, assisting government forces  operations in the region. Nawzad Hadi, governor of Erbil, the KRG capital, told reporters that around 18,000 families from Kirkuk and the town of Tuz Khurmato to the southeast had taken refuge in Erbil and Sulaimaniya, inside KRG territory. A Hadi aide told Reuters the total number of displaced people was about 100,000. Hemin Hawrami, a top aide to KRG President Masoud Barzani, tweeted that people had fled  looting and sectarian oppression  inflicted by Popular Mobilisation militia. U.N. relief officials said they had received allegations that 150 houses had been burned and 11 blown up in Tuz Khurmato and offices of Turkmen political parties in Kirkuk assaulted. The U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq issued a statement urging the Baghdad government  to take every action to halt any violations and ensure all civilians are protected and that the perpetrators of acts of violence, intimidation and forced displacement of civilians be brought to justice . Khanaqin, mainly populated by Kurds, also lies in a long contested territory just outside KRG boundaries. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Wednesday that security was being maintained in Kirkuk by local police backed by the elite Counter Terrorism Service, trained and equipped by the United States mainly to fight Islamic State militants.  All other armed group should not be allowed to stay,  Abadi said.      Sunni Muslim Kurds comprise the largest community in Kirkuk followed by Sunni and Shi ite Muslim Turkmen, Sunni Arabs and Christian Assyrians, according to the Iraqi Planning Ministry.  In another sign of rising tensions, Iraq s Supreme Justice Council ordered the arrest of KRG Vice President Kosrat Rasul for allegedly saying Iraqi troops were  occupying forces  in Kirkuk. Iran and Turkey joined the Baghdad government in condemning the Iraqi Kurds  Sept. 25 referendum, worried it could worsen regional instability and conflict by spurring their own Kurdish populations to push for homelands. The Kurds  long-time big power ally, the United States, also opposed the vote. With the referendum having given Abadi a political opening to regain disputed territory and tilt the balance of power in his favor, the KRG cabinet on Thursday welcomed his call for talks to resolve the crisis. Abadi had said on Tuesday he considered the referendum  a thing of the past , and asked that the KRG cancel the outcome of the vote as a precondition for negotiations to begin.  In a statement, the KRG cabinet said,  It will not be possible to resolve the issues through military operations . It added:  (We have) asked the international community to help both sides start a dialogue to solve the outstanding issues based on the Iraqi constitution.    KRG Peshmerga forces deployed into Kirkuk in 2014 when Iraqi government forces fell apart in the face of a lightning offensive by Islamic State insurgents, preventing the oilfields from falling into jihadist hands. Iraqi armed forces also took control of Kurdish-held areas of Nineveh province north of Kirkuk, including the Mosul hydro-electric dam, after the Peshmerga pulled back. Crude oil flows through the KRG pipeline to the Turkish port of Ceyhan have been disrupted by a gap between incoming and outgoing personnel since Baghdad s retaking of Kirkuk.    An Iraqi oil ministry official in Baghdad said on Thursday that Iraq would not be able to restore Kirkuk s oil output to levels before Sunday because of missing equipment at two fields. The official accused the Kurdish authorities previously in control of Kirkuk of removing equipment at the Bai Hasan and Avana oil fields, northwest of the city. Kurds have sought independence since at least the end of World War One when colonial powers carved up the Middle East after the multiethnic Ottoman Empire sundered, leaving Kurdish-inhabited land split between Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria. ",1
16989,CIA chief says U.S.-Canadian couple held for five years in Pakistan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the CIA said on Thursday a U.S.-Canadian couple kidnapped by Islamist militants in Afghanistan were held inside neighboring Pakistan for five years before being freed.       We had a great outcome last week when we were able to get back four U.S. citizens who had been held for five years inside of Pakistan,  CIA Director Mike Pompeo told the Foundation for Defense of Democracies think tank in Washington. Pompeo s remarks appeared to be the first time a U.S. official has publicly stated that the couple and their children spent their captivity in Pakistan, contrary to accounts from Pakistani officials. Pakistan s military and government have indicated U.S. citizen Caitlan Coleman, her Canadian husband Joshua Boyle and their children were rescued shortly after entering Pakistan from Afghanistan. The couple were kidnapped in 2012 while backpacking in Afghanistan and their children were born in captivity. U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, have previously said there was no indication the hostages had been in Afghanistan in the days before they were freed. The officials said the United States believed the hostages were probably held by the Haqqani militant group in or near its headquarters in northwestern Pakistan the entire time. Regarded as the most fearsome and effective Taliban ally, the Haqqani network gets support from elements of the Inter-Services Intelligence, Pakistan s powerful military-run intelligence agency, U.S. officials say. Pakistan denies it. A senior Pakistani security source said last Friday that  Pakistani troops and intelligence agents, acting on a U.S. intelligence tip, zeroed in on a vehicle carrying the family as they were being moved into the Kurram tribal region near the town of Kohat, some 60 km (37 miles) inside Pakistan. Pakistani officials bristle at U.S. claims Islamabad is not doing enough to tackle Islamist militants, particularly the Haqqanis.  After the release of the family, Pakistani officials emphasized the importance of co-operation and intelligence sharing by Washington, which has threatened to cut military aid and take other punitive measures against Pakistan. However, two Taliban sources with knowledge of the family s captivity said they had been kept in Pakistan in recent years. The Haqqani network operates on both sides of the porous Afghan-Pakistani border but senior militants have acknowledged they moved a major base of operations to the Kurram region. As part of a strategy unveiled in August to end the war in Afghanistan, the Trump administration is demanding Pakistan cease providing what U.S. officials say is safe haven to militants, or face repercussions. Those measures could include further cuts in U.S. assistance and sanctions targeted at Pakistani officials with links to militant organizations. Pompeo s remarks came ahead of a visit to Pakistan next week by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who said on Wednesday the United States expected Pakistan  to take decisive action against terrorist groups.  A senior Trump administration official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said on Thursday the United States considers the family s rescue a  template for more cooperation  by Pakistan.  We see this as a first step and we hope that we can build on it,  said the official, adding that Washington is  very frustrated that Taliban and Haqqani militants continue to find sanctuary in Pakistan.   It s freedom of movement, it s the ability to transport weapons and materiel, the ability to raise funds. This is what makes a sanctuary,  the official added. Pompeo said the United States would do everything if could to bring the Taliban to the negotiating table in Afghanistan, but added it could not be achieved if the militants had safe havens. ",1
16990,Factbox - German coalition watch: We want experiment to succeed - CDU,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel won a fourth term in office in the German national election on Sept. 24, but a fractured vote that brings the far-right into parliament means she must try to work out a three-way coalition untested at federal level. The new alliance would comprise Merkel s conservative bloc - her Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - along with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens. Such a tie-up is called a  Jamaica  coalition, because the three parties  colors of black, yellow and green match those of the Jamaican flag. To secure a coalition deal, the unlikely bedfellows must overcome differences on issues from immigration to Europe, tax and the environment.  Exploratory talks between the conservative bloc and FDP and separately the conservatives and the Greens took place on Wednesday. On Thursday the FDP and Greens meet before all four parties get together for the first time on Friday. Following are remarks on the possible coalition from senior officials:  We will not manage without compromises.   My impression is that all the participants want the experiment to succeed but also know how difficult it is to come together.   It is our job to make something constructive out of our differences. No formulaic compromises but solutions.    The road to Jamaica is long.  After CDU/CSU, FDP exploratory talks:  It was a good exchange, at times nice and above all mutually respectful and joyful.   It is totally conceivable that before Christmas or in January we say that the whole thing is pointless and we ll talk to the Social Democrats (SPD).  We are open, we are constructive and creative - but also resolute in areas that are important to us.  Put the chances of  a  Jamaica  coalition succeeding at 50/50.  It can succeed. The most important thing is that trust needs to be built between participants, and that takes time. That s why it would be illusory to believe we could conclude negotiations by Christmas.   No one would understand it if the new government does not pass an immigration law.  We need a mix of humanity and order. We Greens also want to secure the EU s external borders and build a sensible database of fingerprints.  This (the CDU/CSU immigration pact) is an agreement between the CDU and CSU, and far from the result of exploratory talks for a coalition with the FDP and Greens.   No party can expect the others to accept its original wording without changes ... But I believe that a signal about limiting immigration on humanitarian grounds will ultimately make its way into the coalition agreement.   Europe s fiscal policy needs a shift away from austerity toward a common pact for tax collection and investments, which would trigger social and ecological innovations.   A red line for us in coalition talks is the mutualisation of debt in Europe, the creation of new pots of money.  In a monetary union where the deficit rules of Maastricht are respected, there is no need for permanent rescue funds.   What we Christian Democrats call  preservation of Creation  overlaps a lot with what the Greens call a sustainable approach to nature.   There can only be a Jamaica tax concept if it includes the end of the solidarity surcharge without taking that money out of people s pockets somewhere else.   The chancellery and the finance ministry should be politically separate. A Greens, a CSU or an FDP finance minister - anything would be better than leaving the finance ministry in CDU hands.  ",1
16991,"'A long way to go' in German coalition talks, liberal FDP says","BERLIN (Reuters) - There is a long way to go in talks on forming a new German coalition led by Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, a senior member of the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) said after meeting the environmentalist Greens on Thursday. The three groups are holding exploratory talks this week about forming a new  Jamaica  coalition, so-called because their party colours - black, yellow and green - match those of the Jamaican flag. Merkel, weakened by a surging far right in a Sept. 24 national election, is trying to make the three-way alliance work as her previous partners, the Social Democrats, want to rebuild in opposition after suffering their worst result since 1933. The FDP and Greens  meeting on Thursday came after they each separately held talks with Merkel s conservatives on Wednesday. On Friday, all three groups meet for the first time.  The meeting was marked by concentration and mutual respect,  FDP General Secretary Nicola Beer said after Thursday s talks with the Greens.  It was also clear that there is a long way to go on one or more issues but the atmosphere appeared to be focused on finding out what the possibilities are,  Beer added. Merkel said on Tuesday her parliamentary party would have to compromise in the coalition negotiations. Chancellor for 12 years and known as a skilled negotiator, she angered many voters over her open-door migrant policy and her conservatives saw their worst election result since 1949, bleeding support to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD). On Wednesday, the conservative premier of the eastern German state of Saxony resigned, saying a younger generation of leaders is needed. Some conservatives are starting to look toward a post-Merkel era.  The people have a huge interest in Angela Merkel leading our country successfully for another four years,  Daniel Guenther, conservative premier of the northern state of Schleswig-Holstein, told Focus magazine.  But they also want to see how things will proceed afterwards,  he added. Merkel has said she expects a government to be in place by Christmas, but others say January is more likely, pointing to a months-long policy standstill in Europe s biggest economy. ",1
16992,Saudi minister visits north Syria for Raqqa talks,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A Saudi official has visited northern Syria with a U.S. envoy to discuss reconstruction of Raqqa, which Kurdish and Arab militias backed by a U.S.-led coalition, captured from Islamic State on Tuesday, an adviser to the militias said.  Saudi Gulf Affairs Minister Thamer al-Sabhan visited the area with Brett McGurk, the U.S. special envoy to the coalition against Islamic State, and met the Raqqa Civil Council said Amed Sido, an adviser to the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) alliance.  The Saudi Okaz newspaper also reported on Thursday that Sabhan had visited northern Syria and that Riyadh and Washington had discussed the reconstruction of Raqqa.  Saudi Arabia is a member of the U.S.-led international coalition against Islamic State, set up in 2014, but no senior officials from Riyadh are known to have visited areas held by coalition allies in Syria. Saudi Arabia s Foreign Ministry was not immediately available for comment.  The SDF s four-month battle against Islamic State in Raqqa, aided by coalition air strikes, left much of the city in ruins and forced much of its population to flee to camps nearby. International charity Mercy Corps said on Thursday that most of the city was uninhabitable.  The SDF and its allies set up the Raqqa Civil Council to run the city after the fighting was over.  The international coalition s 73 members also include European countries, other Arab countries and Turkey. Its work includes supporting stabilization and restoration of public services to areas taken from Islamic State militants. The Saudi officials who visited Raqqa to check the area were there to listen to discussions rather than take part, Sido said, adding that they met a reconstruction committee set up by the council.  They promised that they would contribute in construction in Raqqa in the future,  Sido said. Sido is also an SDF coordinator with the coalition.  The main priority for the city s reconstruction now is clearing landmines and bodies, and working on water and electricity projects, Sido said. While no concrete plans were set in motion, Sido continued,  we consider it a first visit, a first step, that could be the beginning of future relations . ",1
16993,Macron lawmaker wants 'rich list' study amid wealth tax unease,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s budget rapporteur on Thursday asked the government to spell out how much the rich stood to gain if a wealth tax was scrapped, as unease over President Emmanuel Macron s plan within his own party bubbles up. Macron made good in early October on a campaign pledge to abolish the tax, earning him a  president of the rich  tag among critics. Joel Giraud, a lawmaker from Macron s Republic on the Move (LREM) party in charge of steering the 2018 budget bill through the lower house, sought details of how the wealthiest 1 percent would benefit.  In the light of the discussion of the 2018 budget law, it would be particularly useful for me to have a study of the impact of the tax and budget measures on the wealthiest French,   Giraud said in a letter to Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire, seen by Reuters. Le Maire had on Wednesday declined to respond to a similar request from the opposition. The LREM s lawmakers, who hold a clear majority of 313 in the 577-strong assembly, have largely toed the party line since June, conscious of how closely their fortunes and Macron s are linked. But with Macron s approval ratings on the wane and polls showing four in five French voters consider his policies slanted towards the rich, LREM lawmakers   many of whom initially come from the left   have started making their voices heard. Last week they proposed an amendment to the budget bill to increase taxes on luxury yachts and precious metals. One of them, Brigitte Bourguignon, a former Socialist who heads parliament s social affairs committee, last week told Le Parisien newspaper that she was one of a number who were pushing the government to do more on welfare, though she insisted she was no rebel. The 2018 budget aims to cut both taxes and spending as France seeks to restore its fiscal credibility with its European neighbors. Macron s Socialist predecessor Francois Hollande saw much of his reform program undermined by rebellion within his party. ",1
16994,Putin says Trump hampered from delivering electoral promises,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that if President Donald Trump is unpredictable, it is because his domestic opponents are stopping him from delivering on many of his election promises. ",1
16995,China's President Xi says will continue years-long war on smog,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China will keep up its years-long battle against smog to ensure  blue skies  and promote a  revolution  in clean energy, President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday at the opening ceremony of a key Communist Party congress. Improving the notoriously toxic air across the northern regions of the world s second-largest economy has been a cornerstone of Beijing s economic and social policy in recent years. China has ordered factories to cut output in a bid to enforce bigger emission cuts in coming months and avoid a repeat of the near-record levels of choking smog that enveloped key northern areas at the start of the year. In the long term, it has also launched a series of measures to curb the use of coal, the nation s favorite fuel, and boost use of renewable power, like wind and solar. The government will also take measures to improve rural areas by restoring soil and waterways, Xi added, as China moves to modernize its vast agricultural sector. ",1
16996,Macedonian nationals arrested in Greece over wiretap scandal: police source,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Two Macedonian nationals wanted by Interpol have been arrested in Greece over their alleged involvement in a wiretap scandal that brought down Macedonia s government, a police official said on Thursday. Two years of political turmoil were triggered in 2015 after opposition parties accused then prime minister Nikola Gruevski and his counter-intelligence chief of orchestrating the wiretapping of more than 20,000 people. The EU, which Macedonia aspires to join, was forced to broker an agreement in which parties agreed to hold early elections and establish the office of a special prosecutor to investigate the content of the wiretaps. A new government was formed in May.  The two Macedonians, aged 51 and 35, are accused of destroying machines used in wiretapping, a police official said on condition of anonymity.  They were arrested on Wednesday at the airport in the northern Greek city of Thessaloniki carrying fake Bulgarian passports, the official said. Greek police said the men were also accused of setting up a criminal gang to carry out technology-related crimes.  They are due to appear before a prosecutor on Thursday. In June, Macedonia s special prosecutor filed charges against 94 people, including former high government officials, over their involvement in alleged crimes revealed in tapes that emerged during the surveillance scandal. ",1
16997,Russia's Putin says defeat of terror in Syria imminent,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday he had all grounds to believe that Moscow, along with Damascus, would soon defeat terrorists in Syria. He said that the Syrian peace process was developing in a positive way, though there were still problems. He said there was a proposal to hold a Congress of Syrian peoples, bringing together representatives of all ethnic groups in Syria. ",1
16998,Malawi 'vampirism' mania spreads as two die in mob violence,"BLANTYRE (Reuters) - A wave of attacks in Malawi against people accused of vampirism has spread to its second-biggest city of Blantyre, where vigilante mobs killed two people, police said on Thursday. The lynch mob attacks began in mid-September in a country that is one of the world s poorest and where belief in witchcraft is widespread. Six people had already died in the attacks.  In Blantyre on Thursday, mobs  torched a 22-year-old epileptic man in Chileka, and another man was stoned to death  ...after being suspected of being a blood sucker,  said Ramsy Mushani, a national police spokesman. A Reuters reporter witnessed the first incident at a police checkpoint on a road leading to the city s airport. A family member confirmed the man was epileptic and that he was killed while walking home from a nearby hospital. Malawian President Peter Mutharika has been visiting parts of the country affected by the vampire scare, trying to prevent the deaths of innocent people. The United Nations and U.S. embassy have blacklisted several districts in Malawi as dangerous zones for staffers and nationals. Earlier this month the UN pulled staff out of two districts in southern Malawi. ",1
16999,U.S. drone strike kills militant whose group killed 250 in Pakistan,"DERA ISMAIL KHAN, Pakistan (Reuters) - The leader of a Pakistani militant group whose suicide bombings killed more than 250 people died on Thursday of injuries from a U.S. drone strike in Afghanistan, a spokesman for the militants said. Omar Khalid Khorasani s death comes ahead of U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s visit and is likely to help ease tensions between the often-wary allies, as Islamabad has been asking Washington to target militants who attack inside Pakistan and hide over the border in Afghanistan. Khorasani s Jamaat-ul-Ahrar (JuA), a splinter faction of the Pakistani Taliban, is one of dozens of armed Islamist factions - including al Qaeda and the Afghan Taliban - operating in Afghanistan and Pakistan. But JuA has been particularly deadly in Pakistan, claiming responsibility for eight major attacks in two years. Among them was last year s Easter Sunday bombing in a park that killed at least 70 people, including 29 children, in the eastern city of Lahore. The group also said it carried out a suicide attack at a hospital that killed at least 74 people in the southwestern city of Quetta, a bombing also claimed by Islamic State, with which JuA also has been affiliated. Rumours had flown for two days that Khorasani had been wounded in U.S. drone strikes along the Afghan-Pakistani border, and on Thursday his group confirmed he had died.  Our leader, Omar Khalid Khorasani, was wounded in one of the recent drone strikes in Afghanistan. He was wounded badly, and today he was martyred,  JuA spokesman Asad Mansur said by telephone. The announcement came a week after Pakistan s army rescued a kidnapped American couple and their three children from the Haqqani network, an Afghan Taliban faction that Washington has long accused Islamabad of failing to target. The killing of Khorasani is likely to add to the recently improved mood between Washington and Islamabad, said Talat Masood, a retired Pakistani general and prominent political analyst.  He was a very powerful leader and he had done great harm to Pakistan,  Masood said of Khorasani.  I think Pakistan has been looking forward to this, and I think the Americans targeting him has been very helpful in that sense.  Khorasani had a background that reads like a history of Pakistani militancy. Born Abdul Wali in a village called Lakaro in the northwestern Mohmand tribal region, Khorasani started out as an anti-India jihadist fighting in Kashmir, according to a long-time friend who spoke last year to Reuters on condition of anonymity. He later joined the Pakistani Taliban in 2007 to fight the government to establish strict sharia Islamic law. In 2014, Khorasani left the Pakistani Taliban after a leadership quarrel to form Jamaat-ul-Ahrar. JuA gained attention in September 2014 when it announced it was supporting Islamic State and rejecting the main Pakistani Taliban leadership. By March 2015, however, the group was again swearing loyalty to the main Pakistani Taliban umbrella leadership. Still, JuA never specifically disavowed Islamic State either, and several attacks inside Pakistan have been claimed by both groups. The United States last year designated JuA as a terrorist group. Khorasani had previously been seriously wounded in a NATO air strike in eastern Afghanistan in 2015 but later recovered. ",1
17000,Putin says Russia will respond if Russian media under pressure in U.S.,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Moscow will retaliate if the Unites States take measures to pressure Russian media outlets operating there.   In this case we will do it only in kind and quite quickly, as soon as we see steps (to pressure) our media, there will immediately be an answer,  Putin said at a forum with scholars. ",1
17001,Putin says Russia will respond in kind if U.S. quits missile treaty,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Russia will respond immediately and symmetrically if the United States quits the intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday. Moscow is ready to develop new weapons systems, both nuclear and non-nuclear, in response to other countries doing the same, Putin said at a forum with scholars. ",1
17002,Pakistani anti-corruption court indicts ousted PM Sharif,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - A Pakistani anti-corruption court on Thursday indicted ousted Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and his daughter over allegations linked to ownership of London properties, opening a trial that could see the former leader jailed. The Sharifs have called the corruption proceedings against them a conspiracy, hinting at intervention by the powerful military, but opponents have hailed it as a rare example of the rich and powerful being held accountable.  Sharif, 67, resigned in July after the Supreme Court disqualified him from holding office over an undeclared source of income, but the veteran leader maintains his grip on the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party. Sharif said there was no precedent for indicting someone in his absence.  I hope I will get justice,  he told reporters in London in remarks broadcast by local Geo TV, adding that he would travel home to attend the next court hearing.  Judge Bashir Ahmad of the court that tries cases registered and investigated by an anti-graft body, the National Accountability Bureau (NAB), indicted Sharif, his daughter Maryam Sharif and her husband, Muhammad Safdar. They all pleaded not guilty.  Maryam and Safdar were present in court, but Sharif, who was prime minister twice in the 1990s, sent a representative while he tends to his wife as she undergoes cancer treatment in Britain.  Maryam said in the court that the charges were unfounded and baseless.  This will go down in history as a travesty of justice,  she said. Outside the court, Maryam again hinted at military interference in the judicial process by saying the trial was  a repeat of 1999 , the year her father was toppled in a military coup led by former army chief Pervez Musharraf. It is not clear if she was comparing the trial to the coup, or subsequent corruption accusations and investigations that Musharraf ordered into Sharif. Sharif s disqualification stemmed from the Panama Papers leaks in 2016 that appeared to show that his daughter and two sons owned offshore holding companies registered in the British Virgin Islands and used them to buy posh flats in London. The Supreme Court initially declined to dismiss Sharif but ordered an investigation into his family s wealth.  A separate Supreme Court-appointed panel said the family s wealth did not match its income, and accused Maryam and her brothers of signing forged documents to obscure ownership of offshore companies used to buy the London flats.  After the probe, the top court disqualified Sharif and ordered the NAB to investigate and conduct a trial. Sharif denies ever receiving the small source of income that led to his disqualification.  The NAB has in the past been described as toothless because of its low conviction rates, especially when it comes to powerful politicians, and investigations that last many years. But the Supreme Court has ordered the trial to be concluded within six months.    Opening arguments are due to begin on Oct. 26. ",1
17003,Czech election front-runner likely to put stamp on state-owned CEZ,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Andrej Babis say he wants to run the Czech Republic like a business, which may mean upheaval is ahead for the country s biggest state-controlled business, the utility CEZ. The billionaire Babis has a history of confrontation with CEZ management, and with his ANO party leading in polls ahead of parliamentary elections on Friday and Saturday, he may soon have the power to take on the management he feels has steered the company adrift.  The fact that CEZ is out of his control and he doesn t have a decision in it has bothered him quite a bit,  Jiri Pehe, a long-time political analyst and director of New York University in Prague.  As one of the top businessmen in the country, he simply wants to have CEZ under his control.     CEZ is 70 percent state-owned, and with market capitalization of $11.3 billion, is the Czech Republic s largest listed company. As such, it has long played a central role in Czech politics. It is the government s cash cow, paying the largest dividends among state-controlled companies to the state coffers. Its investment projects provide big-ticket orders for numerous Czech suppliers. Its chief executive, Daniel Benes, has led the company since 2011, after joining the board six years earlier. His contract has another four years to run. He has enjoyed the backing of previous prime ministers, including the outgoing Social Democrat Bohuslav Sobotka. That will probably end if Babis takes power following Saturday s elections.  A billionaire whose own businesses include food, chemical and media holdings, Babis has long maintained that CEZ has too much influence on political parties, a charge he repeated most recently in an interview published this week.  In my view, one state firm cannot run all political parties and cannot be a piggy bank for politicians,  Babis told the magazine Tyden. A CEZ spokesman declined to comment on his remarks. As finance minister from January 2014 to May of this year, Babis clashed with CEZ management but did not have enough power to make big changes.  As prime minister, he would have more of a say, and he could reshape the supervisory board that appoints management. Over the past year, Babis has criticized a dividend cut, a potential sale of a coal plant and a proposal now under consideration to spin off regulated distribution and renewables assets. The proposed spin-off would separate and potentially sell CEZ s distribution and renewables businesses while the government would take full control of its nuclear and coal plants. That in turn would allow the government to take over the construction of new nuclear plants. Instead, Babis says CEZ should finance the construction of nuclear plants itself. CEZ management has refused to do so without explicit state guarantees to help fund the project. The proposed spin-off  is the first thing the government will have to solve,  said Miroslav Frayer, who covers the utility for Komercni Banka.  Michal Snobr, a long-time CEZ investor who represents a group that holds close to 1 percent in the company, said he expects things to change after the election.  Given how Babis is presenting it, there are likely to be changes in the CEZ leadership,  Snobr said.   This management has made so many mistakes that in a normal business environment, changes would have happened long ago,  he said. He cited long outages at CEZ s nuclear plant Dukovany, lack of company strategy and current initiatives, such as buying high-priced German wind plants. Snobr said a spin-off of CEZ, along the lines of the split of Innogy from RWE in Germany, should go ahead given the high valuations of regulated businesses. Babis may change his view after the election, he added.  And CEZ could not finance new nuclear plants without state backing, Snobr said, because such a costly project would not be commercially justifiable and would spark lawsuits from other shareholders. ",1
17004,Factbox: Business empire of Czech election front-runner Babis,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Andrej Babis, whose ANO movement is heavily tipped to win this weekend s Czech national election, is his country s second-richest man with an empire of chemicals, food processing, farming and media firms.  He also owns a restaurant on the French Riviera with two Michelin stars.  Forbes magazine puts his worth at $4 billion, behind only Petr Kellner at $14.2 billion. Babis said in an interview with Blesk daily this week he had valued his main asset Agrofert at $4.6 billion. Babis set up fertilizer trader Agrofert in 1993 as the Czech unit of Slovakia-based and formerly state-owned trading firm Petrimex that had Babis worked for since the 1970s. He took control of Agrofert in 1995 and has since expanded it, often through acquisitions. Babis moved ownership of Agrofert and his other main firm SynBiol to two trust funds at the beginning of this year. The step was required by new conflict-of-interest legislation that applied to him as finance minister at the time. The two trust funds   AB private trust I and AB private trust II   are managed by long-term collaborators of Babis, Agrofert Chairman Zbynek Prusa and board member Alexej Bilek. Babis s firms receive national and EU subsidies, both regular farming payments and investment aid, have numerous business deals with the public sector, and also depend on government regulation in sectors such as biofuels. Babis, finance minister from 2014 until May this year, has admitted being at some points in conflict of interest but has denied abusing the position. Police charged Babis earlier this month over a 2 million euro EU subsidy awarded in 2008 to one of his projects, Stork Nest, and have also been looking into his past tax strategies which cost him the finance ministry in May. He denies any wrongdoing. A group of over 250 firms and 34,000 employees, it has activities in 18 countries, notably the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Germany and Hungary, focusing on chemicals, farming, food processing, forestry and media.  Agrofert had sales of 155.3 billion crowns ($7.16 billion) and earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization of 14.7 billion crowns in 2016. It reported receiving subsidies, mostly EU farming funding, of 1.5 billion crowns last year.  - About 9,000 people work for a host of firms including Deza, Lovochemie, Precheza, Synthesia, Fatra, Slovakia s Duslo and Germany s Stickstoffwerke Piesteritz. - Products include fertilisers, sulfur, aromatic reactants, phenols, tar oils, pigments, acids, salts, PVC, polymers, pesticides, urea. - 103,000 farmed hectares - grains trade, storage, seeds, feed, crop growing and livestock.  - forestry and timber - 16,500 employees  - meat, poultry, dairy, bakeries  - operations in Czech Republic, Slovakia, Germany - includes a large new bakery plant in Germany - The largest Czech producer of rapeseed-based biofuels, which are by law mixed into motor fuels. - Major supplier to state-owned fuels distribution firm Cepro. - Babis s most criticized acquisition, including 23 newspapers and magazines, 3 small TV stations and a national radio.  The main asset is MAFRA, the publisher of two national broadsheet daily newspapers, Mlada fronta Dnes and Lidove Noviny as well as free newspapers, magazines and a number of news and entertainment websites, which Babis acquired when he was running in the 2013 election.  MAFRA says it reaches 2.5 million print and 2.8 million internet readers. The purchase sparked an exodus of staff who said they would not work for an owner who was a politician.  Babis has denied ever influencing content although a leaked tape earlier this year suggested he discussed coverage of opponents with a journalist. The journalist was fired.  Media holdings also include Radio Impuls, the largest private radio station by number of listeners.  Firm controlling other main investments. Assets include FutureLife, a network of fertility clinics valued at over 100 million euros; smaller biotech, food and real estate investments. An arm looking after real estate, some farming and other projects, including the conference center and mini-Zoo Capi Hnizdo (Stork Nest), the source of Babis s biggest legal trouble. Police charged Babis with hiding ownership of the project a decade ago so it qualified for a 2 million euro European Union development subsidy which was meant for small business. He denies any wrongdoing. He faces possibly years in jail if convicted.  A restaurant near Cannes, France, that has received two Michelin stars. It features dinner tasting menus costing 98 to 185 euros per head. ($1 = 21.6940 Czech crowns) ",1
17005,"Kenya president snubs vote crisis meeting, presses on with campaign","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta snubbed a crisis meeting called by the top election official for Thursday, saying he would instead spend the time campaigning for next week s presidential vote re-run. The first presidential vote in August, which Kenyatta won by 1.4 million votes, was annulled by the Supreme Court over procedural irregularities.  The re-run is set for Oct. 26 but opposition leader Raila Odinga has pulled out, alleging a failure to improve oversight of the election, casting doubt on how the vote will proceed. Election board chairman Wafula Chebukati, in a stark message to political leaders on Wednesday, said he could not guarantee a credible vote under present conditions, and demanded Kenyatta and Odinga meet him for talks. The board, known as the IEBC, set the meeting for 1130 GMT in Nairobi but then said it had been postponed to an unspecified date and time. Chebukati later tweeted that he had met Odinga and was  looking forward  to meeting Kenyatta, though it was not clear if the president intended to respond to his call. Opposition demonstrations, which have led to confrontations between police and protesters, and divisive rhetoric by politicians have stoked uncertainty in Kenya, East Africa s largest economy and a stable Western ally in a chaotic region. Speaking at a campaign rally in the western town of Saboti late on Wednesday, Kenyatta said the priority was for Kenyans to go to the polls on the set date.  We are not interested in telling the IEBC what to do. We want them to prepare so Kenyans can vote on the 26th,  he said. However, Odinga, whose call for mass protests on election day has sparked fears that the crisis could turn violent, called for serious talks on the impasse after meeting Chebukati.  Odinga said his withdrawal should force the commission to start a fresh 90-day electoral cycle, including fresh candidate nominations. The election board says the vote will go ahead.  Chebukati s call for a meeting with the candidates followed the flight of one IEBC commissioner to New York. Roselyn Akombe said she had fled due to threats and said the planned election would amount to a mockery of democracy. The ruling Jubilee party filed a petition in the Supreme Court on Thursday alleging opposition politicians were in contempt of court for obstructing a re-run by withdrawing from the race and by ordering supporters to continue protests including during trainings of election staff in western Kenya.  The current political climate indeed strikingly resembles the period prior to 2007-2008 post-election violence,  said Francis Ole Kaparo, chair of the National Cohesion and Integration Commission, a government body in charge of preventing hate speech. Following the disputed 2007 poll, more than 1,200 Kenyans were killed. ",1
17006,Kurdistan region asks international help to spur dialogue with Baghdad,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq welcomed on Thursday a call by Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi for talks to resolve a crisis triggered by a Kurdish referendum on independence last month. Abadi spoke on Tuesday, saying he considered the Sept. 25 referendum, in which Kurds voted overwhelmingly for independence despite Baghdad s opposition,  a thing of the past . The day before, the Iraqi army retook the oil-producing Kirkuk area from Kurdish Peshmerga forces on his orders.  It will not be possible to resolve the issues through military operations,  the KRG cabinet said in a statement after a meeting in the Kurdistan region capital Erbil.  (We have) asked the international community to help both sides start a dialogue to solve the outstanding issues based on the Iraqi constitution,  the statement said.   Abadi had asked that the KRG cancel the outcome of the referendum as a precondition for negotiations to begin.  The statement made no mention of the referendum, for which Baghdad retaliated with a series of punitive measures including the recapture of Kirkuk, which lies just outside KRG boundaries but had been in Peshmerga hands since 2014. ",1
17007,"Kurdish demonstrator killed, 6 wounded in Iraqi city of Khanaqin: mayor","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A Kurdish demonstrator was killed and six others wounded on Thursday as they were protesting the takeover of their city, Khanaqin, by Iraqi forces, Mayor Mohammed Mulla Hassan said. Kurdish forces withdrew on Tuesday from the city on the border with Iran to avoid clashing with Iraqi forces sent by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi. Khanaqin, mainly populated by Shi ite Kurds, lies outside the official boundaries of the semi-autonomous Kurdistan region of northern Iraq. It is claimed by both the Kurdistan Regional Government and the central authorities in Baghdad.   ",1
17008,War criminal or role model? It's a thin line in Serbia,"LJUBLJANA/BELGRADE (Reuters) - In 2009, Serbian general Vladimir Lazarevic was convicted by a U.N. court of war crimes over the forced deportation of more than 700,000 ethnic Albanians during the 1989-99 Kosovo war.  The squat, bespectacled Lazarevic was one of the chief executors of a systematic effort to empty the then-Serbian province of ethnic Albanian civilians and raze their homes in the last bloody chapter in the collapse of Yugoslavia. This week, two years after he was released from jail, the 68-year-old found a new job   lecturer to the next generation of Serbian soldiers at the country s Military Academy. Where a war crimes conviction might count as a minus in most countries, in Serbia it has become a badge of honor.  The role models for the cadets should be Serbian generals, in particular those who have proven themselves in the toughest of times,  Defence Minister Aleksandar Vulin told the Vecernje Novosti newspaper on Wednesday, confirming the appointment. The move has alarmed human rights activists in the Balkan country. But Lazarevic is not alone.  He is one of a trio of convicted Serbian war criminals who have risen to political prominence since serving out their sentences, testing trust in the country s claim to have left behind its dark past and embraced Western democracy. Civil society activists and Western diplomats are warning of the damage to Serbia s image abroad and to the slow process of reconciliation in the region   a key condition of integration with the European Union. Accession talks with the EU opened at the end of 2015 and are not expected to end before 2022.   The message is very dangerous; it s playing with fire,  said Natasha Kandic, a prominent human rights lawyer in Serbia who has spent years documenting war crimes in Kosovo and elsewhere in the former Yugoslavia.   This is not even historical revisionism, it s the introduction of crime as a recommended act,  Kandic told Reuters.  It s the end of any vision of European integration, good neighborly relations, regional cooperation   none of that makes any sense after this.  A spokeswoman for the EU s foreign policy arm did not respond to a request for comment. Reuters could not obtain a phone number for Lazarevic, who rarely appears in the media. A spokeswoman said Vulin was not immediately available to comment.  Convicted war criminal Nikola Sainovic, a close ally of late Serbian strongman Slobodan Milosevic during the Kosovo war, was appointed to the governing board of Serbia s co-ruling Socialist Party within a week of being released in 2015.  Former army officer Veselin Sljivancanin, convicted in The Hague over the killing of more than 200 Croat prisoners of war at a pig farm in the Croatian town of Vukovar in 1991, is now a regular feature at events of the ruling Progressive Party of conservative President Aleksandar Vucic. Lazarevic, Sainovic and Sljivancanin have always denied any wrongdoing. While there is no law barring them from political roles, their prominence and the enthusiasm with which they have been embraced sit uneasily with the image Vucic has projected of a reformed former ultranationalist determined to take Serbia into the European mainstream.  Vucic, Serbia s information minister during the Kosovo war, wowed European capitals this year with his choice of a lesbian technocrat as prime minister. The appointment of Vulin, a hardliner and former ally of Milosevic s exiled widow, as defense minister in June was seen as a nod to nationalists and Serbian ally Russia, however. Last week, Vulin told a gathering of army veterans that Serbia need no longer feel ashamed but  quietly proud  of officers such as Lazarevic,  the bravest of the brave.  Afterward, Washington s ambassador to Belgrade, Kyle Scott, took to Twitter.  Unfortunately, months of work on improving Serbia s image in the US can be undermined with just one statement,  he wrote on Oct 11. Kosovo, which declared independence with Western backing in 2008 but is not recognized by Serbia, said the appointment  demonstrated that  Serbia has never changed.   We are deeply disturbed by the systematic glorification of war criminals in Serbia, and their rehabilitation in senior political, security, and education institutions,  Kosovo s deputy prime minister, Enver Hoxhaj, told Reuters. Kosovo s prime minister, Ramush Haradinaj, is himself a veteran of the war, a former guerrilla fighter against Serbian forces who was twice tried and twice acquitted of war crimes by the U.N. court in The Hague. But convicted war criminals have made it into public office in other parts of the former Yugoslavia: the mayor of the northern Bosnian town of Velika Kladusa, Fikret Abdic, is a notorious former warlord, while Johan Tarculovski, the only Macedonian to be convicted of war crimes in The Hague, is now a member of parliament. The gradual  normalization  of relations between Serbia and Kosovo is central to Serbia s EU accession hopes, but the process has dragged on for years. Hoxhaj lamented what he called  the silence of the international community on Serbia s derailing from the alleged commitment to European values, democracy, rule of law and international justice.  ",1
17009,Ex-ally of Malaysian PM Najib held in graft probe: source,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - A senior Malaysian opposition leader was detained by anti-corruption authorities on Thursday, a source said, as part of a nationwide campaign against graft launched by Prime Minister Najib Razak. Hundreds of people including many high-profile figures have been arrested this year by the Malaysian Anti Corruption Commission (MACC), at a time when a multi-billion dollar scandal involving state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) hangs over Najib. Shafie Apdal, a former close ally of Najib, was detained at the MACC office in the state of Sabah in connection with a RM1.5 billion ($355 million) embezzlement probe, according to a source in the anti-graft agency. The investigation covers alleged corruption involving projects doled out by the federal government through the Rural and Regional Development Ministry between 2009 and 2015, when it was run by Shafie.  He will be brought before a magistrate for a remand hearing tomorrow,  said the source, who was not authorized to issue statements on behalf of the MACC. Shafie could not be contacted. Darell Leiking, Deputy President of his Parti Warisan Sabah party, described the arrest as political persecution.  We shall ensure that we shall fight for justice for all those who this (Najib) regime intends to suppress and intimidate,  Darell told Reuters. Prior to Shafie s arrest, the anti-graft agency detained two of his brothers and several senior Warisan leaders. Shafie, a former vice-president of Najib s ruling United Malay National Organisation (UMNO), quit the party after he was suspended for questioning the prime minister over his handling of the 1MDB scandal. He later founded Warisan to run for office in his home state. Over the past two years, Najib has grappled with the 1MDB scandal which has been the subject of investigations in at least six countries for money-laundering and misappropriation of funds. Malaysia s attorney-general closed the 1MDB probe in January 2016, and cleared Najib of any wrongdoing.  ",1
17010,China says foreign firms welcome benefits from internal Communist Party cells,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Foreign companies in China have welcomed the ruling Communist Party to set up cells in their firms, a senior official said on Thursday, though some executives have expressed concern about the party s growing role in their operations. The presence of party units has long been a fact of doing business in China, where the law requires companies, including foreign firms, to set up a party organization. Many executives had long seen the measure as symbolic. But as President Xi Jinping s efforts to strengthen the party s role throughout society have reached the local operations of foreign companies, some executives told Reuters earlier this year that they were concerned about the resulting demands they face.  Party cells in foreign firms were well-received as a way of helping them understand Chinese policies and resolving disputes, Qi Yu, a deputy head of the Communist Party s Organisation Department, told a news briefing on the sidelines of a key twice-a-decade party congress in Beijing.  Senior executives at some foreign invested companies say party organizations can help them to understand in a timely manner Chinese policies, to resolve salary disputes, and provide positive energy for the company s development,  said Qi.  The vast majority of investors welcome and support party organizations to have activities in their company,  he said. In July, executives from more than a dozen top European companies in China met in Beijing to discuss their concerns about the growing role of the party in their local operations, Reuters reported. One senior executive whose company was represented at the meeting told Reuters some firms were under  political pressure  to revise terms of their joint ventures with state-owned partners to allow the party the final say over business operations and investment decisions. The executive declined to be identified given the sensitivity of the matter. But Supervision Minister Yang Xiaodu, who is also a deputy at the party s graft-busting Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, said a U.S. executive had told him that his best workers were party members.  So he said,  I hope the company can have more Communist Party members and that party organizations can do more,  said Yang, who was seated beside Qi on Thursday.    ",1
17011,China official says Lincoln would have approved of freeing Tibetan serfs,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Late U.S. President Abraham Lincoln, who freed the slaves, would have approved of China s policy to end serfdom in Tibet, a senior Chinese official said on Thursday. China considers devoutly Buddhist Tibet an inherent part of its territory and routinely rejects accusations from exiles and rights groups of repression and human rights abuses. Chinese forces entered Tibet in 1950 in what the government terms a peaceful liberation, and says its rule has brought prosperity and freedom to what was a backward and feudal society, including freeing a million people from serfdom, an event marked in Tibet as Serfs  Emancipation Day.  Speaking on the sidelines of China s 19th Communist Party Congress, Supervision Minister Yang Xiaodu, who helps fight corruption, said the United States and Tibet had much in common with their human rights experiences. Yang recounted a tale of meeting a person he described as a former assistant U.S. secretary of state during a visit to the United States.  I said,  In Chinese people s minds, Lincoln is a hero, as he freed the slaves, and on this issue Chinese and American people s recognition is the same, it s a human rights issue ,  Yang said.  In Tibet we freed the serfs, and how are American friends not able to understand this? This is also a human rights issue. If you look at it from Lincoln s point of view, he would have approved of China overturning the serfdom system in Tibet.   Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation freeing slaves in the United States in 1863. China keeps a tight grip on Tibet due to periodic anti-Chinese unrest, and all foreigners require permission to visit, including foreign reporters. Penpa Tashi, Tibet s propaganda chief, told reporters at a separate event that it would like to have more foreign visitors.  But Tibet is a high altitude area,  he said.  Our receiving capability is still being improved.  ",1
17012,China has no problem overcoming middle-income trap: social security fund chief,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China has no problem overcoming the middle-income trap, a senior economic official said on Thursday, referring to the situation in which economies risk stagnation at middle-income levels and fail to graduate into the ranks of advanced economies. Lou Jiwei, the chairman of the national council for the social security fund, was speaking on the sidelines of the 19th China Communist Party Congress. He previously served as the Minister of Finance until being replaced and named to head the social security fund last November.  ",1
17013,"Britain's new concessions are not enough, EU leaders tell May","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders welcomed a proposal by British Prime Minister Theresa May aimed at unblocking Brexit talks, but said concessions to ease the fears of EU citizens living in Britain were not enough. Arriving at a two-day summit in Brussels on Thursday with other EU leaders, May sought to shift the focus away from a failure to push the talks beyond a discussion of a divorce settlement and onto trade talks just 17 months before Britain is due to leave. Instead the prime minister, weakened after losing her Conservative Party s majority in a June election, put renewed emphasis on settling citizens rights, one of three issues that must be solved to break the deadlock in talks. But EU leaders said there was more work to be done, with German Chancellor Angela Merkel describing some  encouraging  signs that could help pave the way for a discussion on future trade ties at the next EU summit in December. May said the leaders assess the progress that has been made so far in the Brexit talks and set out  ambitious plans  for the weeks ahead.  I particularly, for example, want to see an urgency in reaching an agreement on citizens  rights,  May told reporters. But she avoided questions about increasing the amount Britain is willing to pay when it leaves, instead referring back to a speech last month in Italy when she outlined an offer of around 20 billion euros ($24 billion). May will discuss her Brexit strategy over dinner. On Friday morning, once she has left, other EU leaders are expected to say the talks have not yet made enough progress for them to open the trade negotiations. Weakened after losing her Conservative Party s majority in a June election and failing to rally support at an ill-fated party conference, May is constrained in her ability to address EU demands that she increase her pay offer for the divorce agreement. Some members of her own party would prefer to see her walk away if the EU does not agree to move the talks forward to discuss trade. Germany and its allies do not want to be left with a large bill when Britain leaves the bloc in March 2019. Merkel said EU leaders would listen to the report from their chief negotiator Michel Barnier, but that sufficient progress had not yet been made.  We will continue the talks with a view to reaching the second phase in December . Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar urged May to  come up with more clarity  not only on guarantees on citizens rights, but also on her plans to avoid a return of a hard border with Northern Ireland.  These are still difficult issues, but particularly the question of the exit bill,  he told reporters. May tried to shift the focus away from how much Britain should pay. On her Facebook page, she wrote that  we are in touching distance of agreement  for protecting the rights of around 3 million EU citizens living in Britain and promised to make it as easy as possible for them to stay. Luxembourg s Prime Minister Xavier Bettel told reporters the Facebook post  went in the right direction  and that  every movement in the right direction is important , noting a change in tone in the British government over the past six months. But Finland s leader, Juha Sipila, said the EU was  a little bit frustrated about the progress.  The lack of movement has increased the pressure on May from inside her own party. In an open letter on Thursday, pro-Brexit lawmakers and business people said that unless the deadlock was broken, Britain should signal it is ready to be subject to World Trade Organization (WTO) rules from March 30, 2019, when Brexit takes effect. Owen Paterson, a lawmaker and former minister from May s Conservative Party, said it looked  inevitable  that the trade relationship between Britain and the EU would end up being governed by WTO rules, meaning no special deal.  So what we re saying is it would be much better to state that now, give business and all our administrative organisations certainty so they can begin to prepare,  he said. ",1
17014,London will remain leading financial center: PM May's spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - London will remain the world s leading financial center, a spokesman for British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday when asked about comments by Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein.   We re not going to comment on each individual statement but lets be clear, London is and will remain the world s leading financial center,  the spokesman said when asked about a tweet in which Blankfein said he was planning to spend more time in Frankfurt - a rival financial center. ",1
17015,Fragment of Florence basilica falls and kills tourist: official,"FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - A stone fragment, probably a piece of marble from the top of a column, fell on a tourist visiting Florence s Basilica of the Holy Cross, killing him, officials said on Thursday. The church where Renaissance master Michelangelo Buonarotti is buried has been closed by police, a spokesman for the national fire rescue service said. The fire service identified the victim as a male Spaniard in his 50s. ",1
17016,Head of Germany's FDP offers Macron 'bittersweet' euro zone deal,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A leading candidate to be Germany s next finance minister signalled his willingness on Thursday to seek a compromise with Emmanuel Macron over the French President s plans for deeper euro zone integration. Christian Lindner, who leads the Free Democrats (FDP) party negotiating to be part of Chancellor Angela Merkel s next coalition government, said European policy was one of the most important topics in the talks. Lindner said Macron   who last month called for a joint euro zone budget and joint finance minister among other reforms   had described political progress as a question of finding a balance between carrots and sticks.  Let s take him literally (on this) on the European question,  Lindner said at a book launch.   That means if he wants to get something, he ll have to accept other things - for example an insolvency mechanism for states or for example the binding participation of private investors in any debt restructuring if it should be necessary,  he said.  This would be the bitter thing he would have to swallow to get something sweet - namely additional funds for investments,  Lindner said. Veteran outgoing Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble, wary of anything that might leave German taxpayers shouldering common euro zone debts, has been generally lukewarm about Macron s reform plans. Lindner may succeed him under the three-way coalition that Merkel is trying to form after her conservatives lost support in a federal election last month. It has been widely speculated that the FDP would demand the top finance post as a price for joining in, though Lindner on Thursday stopped short of claiming the ministry for his party. Earlier this week, he had insisted that Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) should relinquish it. Lindner has repeatedly criticised Schaeuble, a fiscal hawk, as being too soft on Greece and putting loyalty to Merkel ahead of his own political convictions. Asked which characteristics the next German finance minister should have, Lindner said:  Being consistent.  ",1
17017,"South Sudan rebel groups clash, at least three dead","KAMPALA (Reuters) - South Sudanese rebel groups fought each other this week in a strategic area near the Ugandan border leaving at least three dead, rebels said. The clashes broke out on Tuesday and Wednesday in Kajo Keji between two groups: one loyal to former army general Thomas Cirillo and one loyal to former vice president Riek Machar.      Kajo Keji is a key conduit for rebels moving east and west and an entry point for supplies from Uganda. South Sudan s civil war, triggered by a feud between President Salva Kiir and his former deputy Machar, has plunged parts of the world s youngest nation into famine and forced a third of the population - about four million people - to flee their homes. As the war burns on, battles are being fought on many fronts and armed groups have splintered and begun fighting each other.  The groups that clashed this week both oppose President Salva Kiir s government and had previously been stationed side by side in Kajo Keji.  But SPLA-IO spokesman Lam Paul Gabriel told Reuters that National Salvation Front forces attacked on Tuesday, killing two soldiers and capturing two others. Another SPLA-IO member said they had to withdraw troops from a battle with government troops nearby in order to fight off the attackers. An NSF commander on the ground, John Kenyi Loburon, said SPLA-IO killed one of his men. He said his group captured  a few  rebels. SPLA-IO is former vice president Machar s rebel group, while NSF is loyal to the former general Cirillo.  ",1
17018,"Russia's Putin accuses U.S. of failing nuclear, chemical weapons treaties obligations","SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday accused Washington of not fulfilling its obligations under nuclear and chemical weapons treaties. Putin said that despite calls to cooperate on global issues, the United States had demonstrated a  selfishness  that had seen Russia s national interests ignored in the nuclear sphere. ",1
17019,Russia's Putin calls for gradual reform of U.N.,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin called on Thursday for a reform of the United Nations, adding that the changes of the global organization should to be carried out gradually.  There is no alternative to the United Nations today,  Putin told an international discussion club.  UN reforms are necessary, but they can only be gradual,  he said. ",1
17020,"Tillerson to visit Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Pakistan, India, Switzerland","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will visit Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Pakistan, India and Switzerland in a week-long trip starting on Friday, the State Department said in a statement released on Thursday. In the Middle East, Tillerson will discuss the conflict with Yemen, Iran, and the ongoing dispute with Qatar, among other issues, the department said. In Geneva, he will meet several international organizations to discuss refugees, it added. His trip, scheduled for Oct. 20-27, also marks Tillerson s first visit to South Asia as secretary, according to the department.  ",1
17021,Peace gives Colombian coffee an extra shot,"SAN CARLOS, Colombia (Reuters) - Farmers who fled war in the Colombian Andes are returning to revive their abandoned land, cultivating coffee trees that are boosting global supplies of the highest-quality beans. Colombia s five-decade civil war, the longest in the Americas, displaced millions and disrupted farming for decades in areas that produce coffee for the most exacting consumer. The revival of coffee farming in the former conflict zones could help boost Colombia s coffee output by 40 percent, according to government estimates. That would raise global supplies of mild arabica beans by about 13 percent. The additional supply could reduce the cost of the raw material for the world s top roasters, many of whom are seeking to secure increased supply from Colombia. About 950 coffee-growing families have returned to the San Carlos area, representing about 60 percent of the 1,600 families who left during the war, according to data from the Colombian Coffee Growers Federation (FNC). The supply from this region, about 330 kilometers (205 miles) north west of the Colombian capital of Bogota, could expand further as farmers plant more of their land and more people return to the region to provide the needed labor. The area now has about 800 hectares of coffee farms, double the low of 400 hectares during the war. That s still only about half of the 1,500 hectares prior to the conflict, according to FNC data. Among those who returned was Libardo Garcia, who lost two brothers in the conflict - one was shot and the other killed by a landmine. He and his family moved back to their 12-hectare (30 acres) farm in 2015 after fleeing in 2001.   All the coffee trees were dead when we came back,  said Garcia, who has since planted 8,000 trees on two hectares of steeply sloped land. Arabica is the highest quality coffee bean, and Colombia is the world s top producer of mild arabica. To make that variety, beans are separated from the cherry then dried to increase quality. Arabica makes up about 60 percent of global coffee supplies, with lower-quality robusta beans accounting for the rest. While some coffee roasters add robusta to their highly secretive blends, premium brands are typically 100 percent mild arabica. A peace deal between the government and the rebel Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) in late 2016 paved the way for many to return to their homes and farms, including thousands of coffee growers. About 220,000 people died and millions were displaced in decades of fighting among leftist guerillas, paramilitary groups, criminal organizations and government forces. The conflict impacted large areas of the country, and the government struggled to exert control over highlands and remote jungle areas in the west and south of the country. Some farmers who stayed through the violence have also switched to coffee from growing coca and other illegal crops that they cultivated during the conflict. Coca is used for cocaine production, and the cash from growing it helped finance armed groups during the war. The combination of farmers returning to their abandoned land and others switching to coffee could help boost the country s total output to a record 20 million 60-kg bags by 2020, the government estimates, up from 14.2 million bags in 2016. In the Andean region of San Carlos, the revival in coffee production has advanced quickly since conflict in the region abated around 2014, when the peace deal was still being negotiated. The country s conflict with rebels began in 1964 and peaked in this region around 2000. After fleeing his farm, Garcia spent time in the city of Medellin and then in the town of San Carlos.  We came back because we love the land,  he said, leaning against the fence outside his home, a brick house adorned with baskets of flowers. Wearing a wide-brimmed hat, Garcia pointed out a former FARC stronghold in the distance, in tree-covered mountains about an hour s walk from his farm. Most of his neighbors have yet to return, he said, either because they are skeptical the peace will last or because they have made lives elsewhere. Before moving his family back, Garcia traveled the 13 kilometers from nearby San Carlos every weekend for three years to plant new coffee trees and remove the dead ones. Garcia has plenty of land to expand his farm further but cannot yet find the labor because too few people have returned to surrounding communities. New high-yielding trees have helped boost harvests, but the region is still far from reaching its potential because of the labor shortage, said Rosa Velasques, manager of the local cooperative where about 1,000 local farmers sell their beans. International roasters have jumped at the opportunity to buy more beans from Colombia, the world s third-largest coffee producer and the source of a third of the world s mild arabica supplies. Italian roaster illycaffe has expanded its buying to parts of the country that were unreachable during the violence.  Now they ve opened up,  said illycaffe Chairman Andrea Illy. The firm had increased purchases from the region by double digit percentages for the last two to three years, Illy said, and it expects growth to continue at similar rates. In 2016, Nestle Nespresso bought its first coffee from a post-conflict region of Colombia and launched it this year as a limited edition.  A lot of these regions, nobody had even been in and tasted the coffee until recently,  said Katherine Graham, Nestle Nespresso s corporate communications manager.   There are some areas with strong potential,  Graham said.  But it needs a lot of development, a lot of work.  Starbucks Co expanded its partnership with the United States Agency for International Development to give 1,000 farmers in post-conflict zones agricultural training. It also partnered with the Inter-American Development Bank to support 2,000 farmers in Colombia - mainly women - with a loan initiative. Colombian entrepreneur Gonzalo Navarro launched a roasting company called Piccolo Piacere in Medellin earlier this year, focusing on sourcing from small coffee growers, many in former conflict zones.  We have access to farmers who in the past were growing other things, such as coca,  he said. Back near San Carlos, farmer Rubiela Cuervo works a remote farm with her family. She fled to Medellin to escape the violence in 2005 but struggled to make a living and returned a year later despite the ongoing violence. She has expanded the farm as peace returned to the area in recent years.  We hope that peace will bring us more employment, more income for our work,  she said.  I m hoping not to be displaced again.  GRAPHIC: High-quality coffee output by country tmsnrt.rs/2zc9sau ",1
17022,"Criticized for Egypt ties, France to raise human rights with al-Sisi","PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron, conscious of criticism of France s policy on Egypt, will raise his concerns over human rights when he meets Egyptian leader Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Paris next week, his office said on Thursday. The two countries have nurtured closer economic and military ties in recent years and with Sisi s rise to power that relationship has improved with both sides concerned by the political vacuum in Libya and the threat from jihadist groups in Egypt. But human rights organizations at home and overseas have accused France under Macron of remaining silent in the face of increasing violations of freedoms by Sisi s government as the 2018 presidential elections approach.  This first meeting ... will enable them to discuss subjects of common interest such as regional crises and the fight against terrorism, but also the human rights situation which France is especially vigilant about,  the presidency said in a statement referring to Sisi s Oct 23-25 visit. Rights  groups are in particular critical of the relationship between Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian, who in his previous role as defense minister, developed a personal relationship with Sisi, and say Paris has abandoned its principles for economic and security interests. French officials dismiss this criticism and say the new administration is following a policy of not openly criticizing countries over human rights so as to be more efficient in private and work on a case by case basis.  In a report in September, Human Rights Watch (HRW) denounced  widespread and systematic  use of torture by Egyptian security forces. The United Nations on Oct. 13  condemned an anti-gay crackdown in Egypt.  HRW earlier slammed French  indulgence  towards repression in Egypt.  According to two NGO officials aware of talks between Macron and human rights groups on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in September, Macron had told them that while he acknowledged the worsening human rights situation in Egypt, his priority was to ensure Sisi continued to fight terrorist groups. Faced with the lack of progress in respecting human rights and on democratic standards, the United States decided in August to freeze the payment of $195 million in military aid.  Under the previous government, France concluded several major military agreements with Egypt, including the sale of 24 Rafale combat aircraft, a multi-mission frigate and two Mistral warships in contracts worth some six billion euros.   ",1
17023,U.N. says worried by reports of forced displacement of Kurds in northern Iraq,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The United Nations expressed concern on Thursday at reports of forced displacement of civilians, mainly Kurds, and the looting and destruction of their houses and businesses in northern Iraq.  The United Nations urges the Government of Iraq to take every action to halt any violations and ensure that all civilians are protected and that the perpetrators of acts of violence, intimidation and forced displacement of civilians be brought to justice,  the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq said in a statement. ",1
17024,Ukraine passes long-delayed health reforms praised by West,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian lawmakers voted through a long-delayed overhaul of the health system on Thursday that the state s Western backers say will raise standards and tackle a culture of bribe-taking in surgeries and hospitals. The European Union and the International Monetary Fund have been pressing for faster reform is a country where lives are more than five years shorter than the European average, according to the World Health Organization. But opponents of the changes, including many opposition MPs, say the more Western-style system will force patients to pay for their medicines for the first time, leaving the poorest with no healthcare. The legislation lets patients choose their own doctor, rather than have one foisted on them - a move the government said would encourage medics to improve service and give them less opportunity to demand kickbacks for treatment. The bill also sets out which medicines are paid for by the state and which ones patients will have to buy themselves. Backers have said it would be clearer than the present system, where medicines are in theory covered by the state, but patients often have to pay to get hold of pills when supplies run short. The government s task is to provide a quality medical system for citizens rather than  do nothing and tolerate the misery that we have in Ukrainian hospitals,  Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman told parliament after the vote passed. The government has been pushing for closer links to the European Union since a popular uprising ousted pro-Russian former president Viktor Yanukovich in 2014. Ambassadors from the G7 leading powers released a statement saying the legislation was  a sign that Ukraine is ready and committed to moving forward with its vital reforms . The legislation, which was steered by the United States-born acting Health Minister Ulana Suprun, has undergone 893 amendments and faced repeated criticism, including from Olga Bogomolets, the head of the parliamentary healthcare committee. Bogomolets said on Facebook on Thursday the changes would result in hospital closures and fewer doctors and medicines in rural areas, calling them tantamount to  genocide .  Supporters of the changes say vested interests who benefit from corruption in the current system spread scare stories about the reform.    Protesters camped outside parliament this week accusing President Petro Poroshenko of stalling on other legislation, including the creation of special anti-corruption courts and a move to strip lawmakers of automatic immunity.",1
17025,Britain must be clearer on Brexit divorce bill: Dutch PM,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May should clear up what financial commitments Britain is willing to honor as part of its divorce agreement with the European Union, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said on Thursday.  Theresa May has to come up with more clarity on what she means by  other commitments  in her Florence speech. I phoned her last week, and tried to encourage her to do that and so far she hasn t,  Rutte told reporters on arriving at an EU summit. Asked if the clarification was needed on money, Rutte said:  Yes, primarily, and about citizens rights and border controls   these are still difficult issues, but particularly the question of the exit bill,  he said. ",1
17026,Jockeying for cash: North Korea allows racetrack gambling as sanctions bite,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Punters in North Korea who once risked three years hard labor for gambling are now able to bet on local horse races as the isolated country scrambles to unearth new sources of hard currency amid intensifying international sanctions. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has been building resorts, swimming pools and other luxurious leisure facilities in what experts say is a bid to capture some of the individual wealth generated by growing private markets for goods and services. A series of races took place at the Mirim Horse Riding Club, one of Kim s flagship leisure developments, near Pyongyang on Sunday, according to North Korea s official KCNA news agency. Race goers aged 12 or older were allowed to bet on jockeys in a raffle-type system, broadcaster Korean Central Television said on Friday ahead of the races. Pictures from KCNA showed hundreds of spectators watching and filming with their phones as a field of mostly white-grey horses and their riders stormed out of the starting gate. In the communist North, horses - especially white ones - have traditionally been a propaganda symbol associated with the ruling Kim family.       Kim has been pushing for vanity projects for a theme park, sky resort and the horse riding club for the sake of propping up the people s well-being but their real purpose was to earn foreign currency,  said Na Jeong-won, head of the North Korea Industry-Economy Research Institute in Seoul.  North Korea s access to foreign currency has been impacted by a series of international sanctions over its nuclear weapons program, including bans on key exports such as coal, textiles and seafood. Lee Sang-keun, a researcher at the Institute of Unification Studies of Ewha Womans University in Seoul, said the primary target for the leisure facilities is affluent North Koreans.   You may have ridiculed Kim Jong Un for constructing lavish facilities while struggling to feed the people, but those things are to make foreign currency, not from foreigners but from the well-offs inside North Korea because you have to pay in U.S. dollars or Chinese renminbi there,  said Lee.   Many North Koreans make lots of money from the market, dine at hamburger restaurants and go shopping, all of which help fatten regime coffers. That s part of the reason why the regime still has some financial latitude despite international sanctions.  North Korea has already been operating casinos for foreigners in Pyongyang and Rason, where it jointly runs a special economic zone with China. Last March, the government sent out investment proposals for new casinos in Namyang, near the border of China, and the Mount Kumkang region, home to a scenic tourist resort just north of the border with South Korea. The United Nations  latest round of sanctions, however, bans any further joint ventures with North Korean companies. Third generation leader Kim developed the Mirim riding club by transforming a military horseman training center in 2012 and visited the site several times until its formal unveiling a year later, KCNA has reported. The Mirim riding club has an indoor training facility, seven outdoor riding courses, a pavilion, restaurants and a sauna, as well as 120 horses including 67 famous Orlov Trotters from Russia, according to the website of Uri Tours, a U.S.-based agency specialized in guided trips through the North. The entrance fee is $35, which covers one-hour of horse riding with an instructor, riding gear and sauna.  The fee could be lower for North Koreans, reportedly at around $10 - still a hefty sum for many impoverished locals.  There seems to be growing demand for such leisure activities among North Koreans as the gap between the rich and the poor has been widening,  said Na. ",1
17027,"Hillary Clinton says U.S. threats of war with North Korea 'dangerous, short-sighted'","SEOUL (Reuters) - Former U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said on Wednesday that  cavalier  threats to start war on the Korean peninsula were  dangerous and short-sighted , urging the United States to get all parties to the negotiating table. Clinton also called on China to take a  more outfront role  in enforcing sanctions against North Korea aimed at curbing its missile and nuclear development.  There is no need for us to be bellicose and aggressive (over North Korea),  Clinton told the World Knowledge Forum in the South Korean capital of Seoul, stressing the need for more pressure on North Korea and diplomacy to bring Pyongyang to talks. Tension between Pyongyang and Washington has soared following a series of weapons tests by North Korea and a string of increasingly bellicose exchanges between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.  Picking fights with Kim Jong Un puts a smile on his face,  Clinton said, without mentioning Trump by name. Clinton also indirectly referred to Trump s social media comments on North Korea, saying,  The insults on Twitter have benefited North Korea, I don t think they ve benefited the United States . The war of words has seen Trump call the North Korean leader  little rocket man  on a suicide mission, and vow to destroy the country if it threatens the United States or its allies. In turn, the North called Trump  mentally deranged  and a  mad dog . Talks between the adversaries have long been urged by China in particular, but Washington and its ally Japan have been reluctant while Pyongyang continues to pursue a goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile to hit the United States. On Tuesday, Deputy Secretary of State John J. Sullivan said the United States did not rule out the eventual possibility of direct talks with North Korea.  The situation on the Korean peninsula was now touch-and-go point  and a nuclear war may break out any moment , North Korea s Deputy U.N. Ambassador Kim In Ryong had told a U.N. General Assembly committee on Monday.     In Seoul, the vice foreign minister said on Wednesday South Korea was considering levying its own sanctions on the North, although no decision has been made yet. Clinton, a former U.S. secretary of state, said Washington s allies have increasingly been expressing concern over the reliability of the United States, advising Washington to avoid becoming distracted with North Korean threats and be  as forcefully patient  as possible. Regarding China s role in reining in North Korea, Clinton said Beijing would be better off trying to  tighten and absolutely enforce sanctions  against North Korea. North Korea s relationship with its main ally and trading partner China have been strained by its rapid pursuit of weapons programs, with many of Pyongyang s recent tests coinciding with major Chinese events. There had been fears that North Korea would conduct another test to coincide with the start of China s five-yearly party congress on Wednesday. Instead, Pyongyang sent Beijing a congratulatory message. The central committee of the North s ruling Workers  Party of Korea said China had made  great progress in accomplishing the cause of building socialism with Chinese characteristics  under the guidance of the Communist Party of China.  We are greatly pleased over this,  the party central committee said in the message carried by the official KCNA news agency, adding that it  sincerely wished  the China congress  satisfactory success . Chinese President Xi Jinping did not mention North Korea in his more than three-hour-long address at the opening of a key Communist Party Congress. Clinton said retaliatory actions by China over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea, which targeting the latter s firms doing business in China, would be unnecessary had Beijing done a better job reining in the North. China says the powerful radar of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system could be used to pierce its territory, and has taken aim at South Korea s businesses. South Korea and the United States have repeatedly told China that THAAD aims only to defend against North Korea s missile threats.  The Chinese can t have it both ways,  Clinton said.  They can t do less than they could to tighten economic pressures on North Korea and same time discount the real threat South Korea and its citizens face.  ",1
17028,Austria election victor calls for end to Turkey's EU entry talks,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Austria s likely next chancellor said on Thursday that EU membership talks with Turkey must be stopped. Sebastian Kurz, whose conservative OVP party won the most votes in Sunday s parliamentary election, said after a meeting with German Manfred Weber, the head of the centre-right grouping in the European Parliament, that Turkey was not meeting the criteria for accession.  So entry negotiations with Turkey must be broken off,  Kurz said in a tweet. ",1
17029,Iran's Guards say missile programme will accelerate despite pressure,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran s elite Islamic Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) said on Thursday its ballistic missile programme would accelerate despite U.S. and European Union pressure to suspend it, the semi-official Tasnim news agency reported. In a significant U.S. policy shift on Oct. 13, President Donald Trump disavowed Iran s compliance with a landmark 2015 nuclear deal and launched a more aggressive approach to the Islamic Republic over its missile development activity.   Iran s ballistic missile programme will expand and it will continue with more speed in reaction to Trump s hostile approach towards this revolutionary organisation (the Guards),  the IRGC said in a statement published by Tasnim. The Trump administration has imposed new unilateral sanctions aimed at impairing Iran s missile programme. It has called on Tehran not to develop missiles capable of delivering nuclear bombs. Iran says it has no such plans. Tehran has repeatedly pledged to continue what it calls a defensive missile capability in defiance of Western criticism.  Trump s anxiety and trembling voice in his speech was a sign of beginning of the era of failure for America s hegemony,  Tasnim quoted IRGC chief commander Mohammad Ali Jafari as saying.  Boosting Iran s defence power remains our top priority.  Iran has one of the most advanced ballistic missile programmes in the Middle East, viewing it as an essential precautionary defence against the United States and other adversaries, primarily Gulf Arab states and Israel.  Imposing cruel sanctions against the Guards and hostile approach of the rogue and brute (U.S.) president shows the failure of America and the Zionist regime s (Israel) wicked policies in the region,  the Guards statement said. Signalling no respite in tension in the Middle East, where Shi ite Muslim Iran has waged a long proxy war with U.S.-allied Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia, the Guards also vowed to continue confronting the United States and Israel.   More decisive and stronger than ever, the Guards will continue to defend Islamic Iran and its interests,  the statement said, alluding to the Quds force, the Guards  overseas arm that operates in Iraq, Syria and Yemen among other places.  Trump s hardened Iran stance has united officials behind the IRGC.  Today, Iranians, boys, girls, men, women, are all IRGC.  Standing firm with those who defend us and the region against aggression and terror,  U.S.-educated Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif wrote on his twitter account after Trump s speech.  ",1
17030,France's Macron urges IAEA to ensure strict compliance of Iran nuclear deal,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday called on the United Nations  IAEA atomic watchdog body to ensure the strict compliance of the 2015 Iran nuclear deal.  He urged the IAEA to ensure strict compliance with the provisions of the agreement in all its dimensions,  Macron s office said in a statement, after Macron met International Atomic Energy Agency director general Yukiya Amano. ",1
17031,Bulgaria deputy PM wants new laws to stifle radical Islam,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Bulgaria should tighten rules on foreign financing for religious communities and restrict visits by foreign clerics to help counter the potential spread of radical Islam, deputy prime minister Krasimir Karakachanov said on Thursday. Karakachanov is a co-leader of the nationalist United Patriots, a junior partner in the coalition government that is known for its tough rhetoric on migration and Bulgaria s Roma. He said proposals to parliament to amend laws on religion and education as well as the criminal code would be submitted by the end of the year. Bulgaria s government banned the wearing of  full face veils in public places last year. Bulgaria has one of the biggest Muslim communities in Europe at about 12 percent of its 7.1 million population   a legacy of almost 500 years of Ottoman Turkish rule that ended in the late 19th century. Historic resistance to the Muslim Ottomans is a core element of national identity for the mainly Orthodox Christian majority and some nationalists have cast the recent arrival of Muslim migrants via Turkey as a threat to the nation s security.  It turns out that problems we see in a number of European countries already exist in Bulgaria,  Karakachanov said after a meeting to discuss how to prevent the spread of radical Islam in the country. He said  extremely liberal  laws were allowing the spread of non-traditional Islam through the private provision of education and training.  It is mostly the ... financing by private structures of religious communities that attempt to realize political influence in the country,  Karakachanov said. Many Islamist organizations in Europe are financed largely with foreign donations. Karakachanov has previously complained that many imams preaching in Bulgaria come from abroad and do not speak Bulgarian, and has spoken of fostering native imams who are more deeply integrated into Bulgarian society.  The wave of mainly Muslim refugees and migrants reaching Europe s borders over the past years has contributed to a rise in right-wing nationalism across the continent.  ",1
17032,Sexism or compliment? German politician stokes debate,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A female German politician has triggered a fierce debate by accusing a former ambassador of sexism after he failed to recognize her at a conference and then said he was not expecting such a young and beautiful woman as a speaker. Sawsan Chebli, a 39-year-old state secretary in the Berlin city government, said she was sitting in the front row waiting to speak at a meeting of the Indo-German Society but was not recognized by the head of the group, Hans-Joachim Kiderlen. When he realized his mistake, the retired former German ambassador to India reportedly said:  I wasn t expecting such a young woman. And you are also so beautiful.  Chebli, a member of the centre-left Social Democrats, went ahead with her speech but posted on her Facebook page afterwards that she was in shock.  Of course, I m always experiencing sexism, but I have never experienced anything like what happened today,  she said. Her comments prompted an outpouring in German newspapers and social media, already abuzz as million of women across the world have been sharing their experiences of sexual harassment and abuse in an online campaign using the hashtag #MeToo. Chebli, a former spokeswoman for the German foreign ministry born to Palestinian refugee parents, was swamped with insults on her Facebook page, including suggestions that she wear a Muslim headscarf if she does not want to receive compliments. She also received messages of support, including from women who had similar experiences, including Teresa Buecker, editor-in-chief of the feminist magazine Edition F.  I have also been called up to the stage as the  beautiful speaker  - it is degrading and disrespectful,  Buecker wrote on Twitter. Kiderlen wrote to Chebli to apologize for his  inappropriate address and greeting , the Tagesspiegel daily reported on Thursday. ",1
17033,"Iranian general, Assad discuss joint military strategy: report","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s military chief met with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Thursday during a visit to Damascus to set out a joint military strategy, Syria s state news agency reported, a sign of deepening Iranian influence that has alarmed Israel. General Mohammad Baqeri said Iran was determined to continue supporting the Syrian leadership and people  until security and safety are returned to them  and would help with reconstruction, the state news agency SANA said. Israel has voiced deep concern over Tehran s widening influence in Syria, where Iranian forces and Iran-backed militias including Lebanon s Hezbollah have played a critical role helping Assad in the six-year-long war.     On Tuesday, Baqeri, speaking from Damascus, warned Israel against breaching Syrian airspace and territory and pledged to increase cooperation with Syria s military to fight both Israel and Sunni jihadist militants. Israel s air force says it has struck arms convoys of the Syrian military and Hezbollah nearly 100 times during the war. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that Iran was strengthening its foothold in Syria and that Israel would  do whatever it takes  to protect its security. Tensions have risen this year between Lebanon s Hezbollah and Israel, which have avoided a major conflict since 2006.     In the meeting with Baqeri, Assad said the Iranian people and armed forces were a key partner in victories  against terrorism in Syria , SANA reported.   Military support from Iran and Russia has helped Assad regain swathes of Syria from rebels and Islamic State militants. ",1
