id,title,text,label
973,Outsider campaigns seek inside track,"(CNN) Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders are confronting the same paradox: the fate of their insurgent campaigns built on scorn for the political establishment rests on how well they play the inside game.

For Trump, the challenge is shifting from a strategy of piling up state primary wins to one that also takes into account states that award delegates in a more intricate fashion. Trump's organizational weakness in that type of contest was underscored Saturday when he was swept by Ted Cruz in the Colorado Republican convention.

Sanders, meanwhile, has to win not only more pledged delegates but also more superdelegates -- party officials and other elites who can vote however they choose -- if he wants to take the Democratic battle for the White House to the convention floor.

Trump is already making the case that the system is inherently unfair and is a symptom of the insider politics practiced by distant elites that disenfranchises grass-roots voters like those who have flocked to his campaign.

""You see what's happening to me and Bernie Sanders,"" Trump said Sunday in Rochester, New York. ""It's a corrupt deal going on.""

The 2016 campaign's shift from a simple hunt for primary wins is more than a sign that the electoral calendar is running out and routes to the nomination for both parties are beginning to narrow. It's proof that for all of its busted conventional wisdom and broken political rules, the wild presidential campaign is at a point where insurgent politics are no longer sufficient to win.

""The nuts and bolts of presidential politics is an archaic language and very few people understand it. Outsiders need insiders to be successful,"" said Republican political strategist Ford O'Connell. ""If you want to crack the Da Vinci code, you need insiders.""

Trump is doing just that. Last week, he hired Paul Manafort, a master of insider politics, to run his convention strategy.

Still, Trump and Sanders start at a disadvantage in the inside game.

Cruz, whose only real hope of heading the GOP ticket lies in a convention fight, is rolling out a delegate hunting operation years in the planning. Though he's built a political brand on being an outsider himself, Cruz has demonstrated a savvy understanding of the hidden ways of Washington and the mechanics of a presidential primary race.

The Cruz campaign has recruited delegates in Arizona and sought delegates won in Louisiana by Sen. Marco Rubio -- prompting a bewildered Trump, who won the state, to threaten legal action. Cruz also secured all of the final 13 delegates who were selected in Colorado this weekend.

The strategy is designed to prepare the way for multiple rounds of convention balloting when delegates awarded to Trump could be freed up to migrate to another candidate. It prompted more sniping between the campaigns on Sunday.

Manafort accused the Cruz campaign of ""Gestapo tactics"" and ""not playing by the rules"" in its efforts to wrangle delegates.

""I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!""

He followed up with another tweet later in the day.

""How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary?"" he wrote. ""Great anger - totally unfair!""

""More sour grapes from Trump who continues to lash out in tantrums every time he loses. We are winning because we've put in the hard work to build a superior organization,"" she said in a statement.

Trump's decision to hire Manafort, who helped quell the Ronald Reagan-inspired delegate uprising against President Gerald Ford at the 1976 convention, was a sign of evolution in his campaign.

""This is an example of Donald Trump managing,"" Manafort said Friday on CNN's ""New Day."" ""Because the campaigns come in stages, he also understood that there comes a time when winning isn't enough. But it's how you win and how much you win. He recognized that this was the time.""

It's unclear whether the move will be enough to help Trump secure the 1,237 delegates he'll need to win the nomination going into the GOP convention this summer. But the new direction is being praised as a smart move, even by Republicans strongly opposed to Trump.

""Paul Manafort is a seasoned professional and he is a smart guy,"" Stuart Stevens, senior strategist for Mitt Romney's 2012 GOP campaign, told CNN on Friday. ""This is make or break for Donald Trump. He has to get to 1,237. I think if he doesn't go to Cleveland with 1,237, it's doubtful that he will be able to come out of there as the nominee of the party.""

Part of Manafort's job will be to forge links with local state party chiefs and officials influential in populating delegate slates, and to ensure that Trump is not outmaneuvered in the rules committee that will set out the parameters of the convention.

""The challenge that the Trump campaign faces right now is that Ted Cruz has spent two years working every single one of those members, every single state party chair,"" said Republican strategist Doug Heye. ""The Trump campaign is just getting to know those people.""

Trump's campaign confronts a challenge beyond Cruz's camp and the more long-shot possibility of facing down a convention coup from Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who is positioning himself as an alternative should both his Republican rivals fail to corral a majority of delegates in a split party.

Republican establishment insiders, who in some cases failed to thwart Trump on rival campaigns, are still trying to stop him, some with super PAC efforts targeting the billionaire with millions of dollars in advertising.

These efforts are also now increasingly turning to influence delegate slates, said Tim Miller, a former senior Jeb Bush aide now working for the anti-Trump Our Principles PAC.

""There is a role we can play, whether it is directly speaking or directly messaging to delegates or potential delegates in these states,"" Miller said.

While the Republican primary campaign has claimed much of the media coverage so far this year, an insurgent versus establishment dynamic is playing out in the Democratic primary race.

Sanders, the self described democratic socialist, has always been a political free spirit, caucusing with Democrats in the Senate as an independent but inhabiting ground to left of the mainstream party.

That leaves him with few insider credentials with the party establishment, which could become a liability as he tries to lure superdelegates.

His outsider campaign has posed a much stronger than expected challenge to one of the most powerful names in American politics.

But he faces an uphill climb to the nomination -- he would need to win 77% of the remaining delegates at stake to win the nomination.

Clinton is much further along than Trump and Sanders in the process of locking up delegate support — especially among Democratic superdelegates — many of whom have decades of stored up loyalty and connections with her family.

Clinton lost in 2008 to Barack Obama's outsider campaign that toppled her insider machine. Her 2016 campaign team has learned from its mistakes, paying far more attention to delegate calculations and individual state electoral math than she did earlier.

This has meant that even when she has lost to Sanders, she has minimized the deficit in delegates — as happened in Wisconsin last week when she lost by 13 points but only collected 10 fewer delegates than her rival. Sanders beat Clinton by more than 10 points in the Wyoming Democratic caucuses on Saturday but they both walked away with seven delegates.

""The Clinton campaign infrastructure that is in place has done a phenomenal job of securing pledged superdelegates very early on in the process,"" said Tharon Johnson, a senior Democrat from Georgia, who was southern regional director for Obama's 2012 re-election campaign. ""They have a very full, comprehensive, ground organization in states that matter the most to close out the nomination.""

Clinton currently enjoys a lead of 1,304 to 1,075 pledged delegates over Sanders. And she has also secured the endorsements of 486 super delegates compared to 38 who have declared for the Vermont Senator, according to CNN estimates.

The Clinton campaign maintains that there is no realistic route for Sanders to win the nomination. To do so, he would have to claim almost every remaining nominating contest into June by large margins, in a way that would ensure that neither he nor Clinton would approach the 2,383 delegates needed to win the nomination.

Then, Sanders would have to pull off an intricate inside game to persuade hundreds of superdelegates to desert Clinton and support him as the party's standard bearer.

That's a tall order for Sanders even if he and his allies insist the senator is best positioned to be a Republican in the November general election.

""This is what superdelegates have to grapple with, they want to win,"" Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver said on CNN last week. ""We are going to an open convention. Everybody is talking about a Republican open convention (but) the Democrats are going to an open convention.""",1
900,Can Sanders' millennials switch to Clinton?,"Dasha Burns is a writer and works as a strategist and creative content producer at Oliver Global, a consulting agency where she focuses on leveraging media and digital technology for global development. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) Bernie's Brooklyn mourned Tuesday's New York primary results as Hillary Clinton solidified her lead over the shaggy, endearing ideologue. This may be the beginning of the end for Bernie Sanders, but that doesn't mean Clinton can coast. Far from it.

But let's take a breath. I think we've all been wearing our primary goggles a little too long. The fact is that Clinton and Sanders agree on a majority of the issues when it comes to actual policy.

Yet this is not resonating with millennials: Clinton cannot repeat her ritual misstep of assuming she will get their support when she hasn't fully earned it.

To ensure a win for Democratic and progressive values in the general election, young people need to show up. And for this, Clinton needs to work harder to remind young voters that she, too, will fight on their behalf.

Just as devoted patrons of the local organic-fair-trade-small-batch coffee shop won't suddenly wake up with a Starbucks skinny vanilla latte, avid, anti-establishment Sanders supporters won't suddenly start feeling the Bern for Clinton.

So, I would urge the secretary to rethink her relationship to this demographic. Some suggestions:

--You don't believe in the kind of revolution Bernie is talking about. Show young people that you've heard the cheers for his ideas and you understand why they matter to us, and tell us — without condescension — how you're going to do better. Then, show us what your revolution looks like. Because you ARE campaigning on a progressive platform, and you DO have goals — like the New College Compact and profit sharing -- that will change flawed and failing systems.

--Don't tell young women to vote for you because we're women. But tell us to vote for you because you're going to close the wage gap. Because you'll make sure we have every opportunity afforded our male colleagues. Because with you as president our rights to our own bodies will be protected and expanded.

--Don't try to adopt Bernie's swag; it's inimitable and everyone is surprised that it worked (including him, I bet). And don't try to do ""cool"" things you think young people do; you're a grown woman and we like the gravitas and dignity that brings. So do what YOU do but show young people you'll support what they do, too.

--Policy matters, but for young voters, the intent and ideals behind those policies matter, too. If you're not going as far as Sanders on issues like education and the minimum wage, make sure we understand why and show us your goals are worth fighting for. Show us the heart behind your strategy and explain why it will work for us.

--We know how experienced you are, and that you know how to ""get the job done."" But show that you're still willing to see different perspectives and to seriously consider criticisms and counterarguments.

--Most of all, show that you're engaging with young voices. Show that you'll listen to those with few years but many ideas. Show that you're ultimately on the same side as your current opponent, because you will need his zealous support come November.

It's true that even if Clinton does all these things, some millennials may angrily disengage from the political process if she is the nominee. But as a fellow member of the cohort, I hope and believe that most will be thoughtful in their decision.

They'll see that the Republican candidate is the direct antithesis of everything that Clinton, Sanders and their collective supporters stand for.

They'll see that both the Democratic candidates stand on platforms that will move our country forward, not backward.

They'll recall that before the candidates went hoarse yelling over each other in the last debate, they spent most of the earlier debates so ""vigorously agreeing"" that a ""Glee""-style ""Don't Stop Believin'"" duet seemed almost imminent. From immigration to abortion to even campaign finance reform, rarely are the differences meaningful.

Ahead of the upcoming primaries, Clinton will need to start removing her own primary goggles and making that case to her current opponent's supporters. Because if they turn their backs before the real battle begins, her presumptive primary victory could vanish before our eyes.",1
1102,Bernie Sanders Has Strength Among White Men Pinched By The Economy,"Bernie Sanders Has Strength Among White Men Pinched By The Economy

When Bernie Sanders won the primary in Michigan last week, it shook up the narrative of the Democratic race.

Sanders did so with the help of white men. If he's able to pull off a victory in Ohio, the same demographic will likely be key.

Take Jim, who describes himself, only half jokingly, as an angry white man.

""We're pissed off,"" Jim said. (Jim's asked that his last name be withheld because his union, AFSCME, has endorsed Hillary Clinton, and he supports Sanders. He can't be quoted publicly going against his union.) ""We haven't gotten raises. Our pensions have been cut. Our healthcare's increased.""

And, Jim added, Sanders speaks to that. ""Bernie, he speaks from the trenches,"" Jim said. ""We feel that he's fighting for us.""

In Michigan, Sanders won with the support of 62 percent of white men, who were one-in-three voters, according to exit polls. In 2008, in the Democratic primary in Ohio, white men turned out in strikingly similar proportions to this year's Michigan contest.

At the same time, black voters could make up a smaller proportion of the electorate and likely won't be enough to put Clinton over the top. In Michigan, Clinton won more than two-thirds of black voters and they were 21 percent of the electorate. In 2008, Barack Obama won nearly 90 percent of black voters in Ohio; they were just 18 percent of the electorate; and Clinton won the state, ironically, with the support of white voters, including white men.

Ryan, a member of a building trades union in Cleveland, who also asked NPR not to use his last name because his union has endorsed Clinton, feels the same way as Jim.

""She's [Clinton] seen as the centrist candidate,"" Ryan said. ""And she's a big-money candidate. And big money and centrism hasn't been working for middle-class America for the past 30 years. Since Reagan.""

When Ryan first saw Sanders speak a few months ago, something clicked. He said it was as if a politician was finally saying what Ryan had been thinking about the state of the country. Ryan was so swayed he even sent a small donation to Sanders campaign and later bought a T-shirt.

'Like NASCAR, everyone wear their patch'

At a union hall in Cleveland, both Jim and Ryan talked about rising health-care costs and trade deals that they believe have hurt much more than they helped.

Sanders overwhelmingly won voters in Michigan who thought trade deals cost American jobs — 58 percent of voters said so there, and Sanders won them 2-to-1. (One-in-three Michigan voters said they lived in a household with a union member. Clinton and Sanders split them. Likely accounting for that were black union members who went for Clinton. Those numbers are not split out in exit polls.)

Jim said he's only gotten one raise, really more like a cost-of-living adjustment, in eight years.

""You look at the stock market,"" he said, ""it's gone up I don't know how many, a couple of hundred percent. You know, my wages have gone up 2-and-a-half percent. And who's speaking to that? Bernie is. And, yeah, I think maybe he's kind of like Don Quixote. But I mean that's part of the attraction. It really is. At least for me.""

And Jim insists, this isn't about gender. He loves his congresswoman, who incidentally endorsed Sanders on Friday.

There are elements of Clinton's stump speech designed to speak to working-class men including the parts where she talks about punishing companies that ship jobs overseas. But it's clear from these interviews that Sanders' attacks on Clinton's trade record, her superPAC, her big money speeches to Wall Street banks — they are breaking through.

The money issue nags at Dave Passalacqua. He likes that Sanders gets his campaign cash from regular people.

""There's that old saying is politicians should be like NASCAR, everyone wear their patch,"" Passalacqua said. ""You know, let's see what the patches are and [Sanders] doesn't need to wear a patch, because it's his own thing.""

Passalacqua is executive vice president of the Communications Workers of America Local 4340 in Cleveland. His union has endorsed Sanders, but he's still undecided.

Passalacqua agreed to meet at a Cleveland diner along with Jim Goggin, a fixture in the city's labor community. He's an organizer for the Delaware Valley Health Care Coalition.

""It's pie in the sky,"" said Goggin, with an unmistakable Irish lilt. ""I mean, everything Bernie says, I think would be fantastic. But the fact of the matter is, that I am also a realist, and I know that you can't do that.""

For Goggin, it is all about beating the Republicans in November.

""And I wish to God that I thought he could win,"" Goggin said. ""But I don't unfortunately think he can win. Consequently, I'm with Hillary, because at least she's not going to throw us under the bus, the working people.""

Passalacqua chimes in: ""And one good thing that Bernie's been doing, though, even with Hillary, is Bernie has moved Hillary's positions on things.""

From the outside, it seems Passalacqua is having a classic voter's struggle between his head and his heart. He isn't convinced Sanders will be able to do what he's promising. Who will he vote for?

""Whoever I think is going best for me and my family is the bottom line. Whoever is going to make — not to steal Donald's line, but — America great again,"" said Pasalaqua quoting Donald Trump's catch phrase. ""Because in order to make America great again we've got to make the middle class great again. So whoever's going to do that, I think's going to be the best person. And that's who I'll end up having to vote for.""

No matter how Tuesday's vote turns out, and no matter who wins the nomination, all four men said they would support the Democratic nominee in November.",1
3454,"Scalia, Thomas & Alito have totally lost it: The complete and utter incoherence of the conservative Supreme Court justices","Regarding the dissenting justices: Um, what the hell? Aren’t hard-line paleo-conservatives supposed to be against frivolous lawsuits? Of course they are. And of course the King v Burwell case was absolutely a frivolous lawsuit. The entire law could have potentially collapsed over a lawsuit that disputed the existence of seven words in an otherwise massive piece of legislation. Those seven words: “through an exchange established by the state.” That was the basis of the whole thing. The plaintiffs argued that based on those words, the federal government could only provide subsidies for lower income Americans who purchased insurance through a state-run exchange.

In other words, the lawsuit claimed that Obamacare insurance customers in all states that use the national Healthcare.gov marketplace shouldn’t get subsidies to help cover premium costs. What’s perfectly clear in the language, however, is that the governments of each state decides which exchange its citizens will have to use: either a state-run marketplace or the federal exchange. Case in point: Hawaii was the first state to form a state-based exchange: the Hawaii Health Connector. But just the other day, Democratic governor David Ige announced that the Health Connectors was financially unfeasible and opted to shut it down, transferring all customers to the Healthcare.gov. This is purely a state decision and therefore the subsidies ought to still apply.

In Roberts’ majority opinion, the chief justice wrote that in the context of the law as a whole (many more than seven words in length), the claim against the word usage was “untenable.” Of course. To any sentient, thinking human, untenable is right.

So, back to Scalia, Alito and Thomas. The fact that three Supreme Court justices sided with the plaintiff on Burwell proves how ideological and dumb those three justices truly are. To anyone with a basic grasp on reality, the language in the law is clear and incontrovertible. But in the far-right bubble, grasping desperately for anything that could undermine the law is de rigueur for the GOP, including nearly 60 votes so far to destroy the law in spite of the fact that President Obama would never in a million years sign such legislation. The flailing has become so pathetic that three justices in the highest court in the land sided in support of an hilariously frivolous lawsuit.

I’m old enough to remember a time when the Republican Party actively campaigned in support of tort reform, especially in the healthcare field. Indeed, tort reform is still a plank in the GOP platform. But lately, the congressional Republicans have gone all gushy for frivolous lawsuits, going so far as to sue Obama on numerous occasions. Rather than doing its job and actually, you know, legislating, Republicans from Speaker Boehner on down the line have opted instead for silly lawsuits aimed at various actions by the White House. For example, before the Defense of Marriage Act was repealed, Boehner tried to sue Obama and his Justice Department for not enforcing the law. Elsewhere, tea party senator Ron Johnson tried to sue Obama over Congress’ alleged “exemption from Obamacare.” The latter suit was egregiously and offensively frivolous since Congress isn’t exempt from Obamacare at all. In fact, the law requires members of Congress and staffers who want employee-based coverage to get it through Healthcare.gov. Obama merely authorized a rule that was requested by, yes, Speaker Boehner to continue allowing the government to share the premium costs. So, Johnson was basically suing over a semantic trick — the patently false claim that Congress was exempt from Obamacare was intended to infuriate the base and make it seem as if Congress carved out a special loophole for itself, which Obama subsequently signed. The reality is that proud Republican Ron Johnson was merely exploiting the ignorance of the GOP base, assuming it’d go around believing that Congress was truly exempt, even though it’s not at all. Obamacare expert and Yale law professor Abbe Gluck told The Washington Post on Thursday, “[The decision] sends a strong signal to people who politically oppose the law that the court understands the law and is not going to tolerate more of this frivolous litigation that tries to destroy the statute by distorting it.” Here’s to hoping Gluck is right and the Burwell decision is the end of all this nonsense. Really, we’ve reached a point when Republicans who visit the White House will accidentally spill hot coffee in their laps just so they have an excuse to hire the nearest Jackie Chiles rent-an-attorney and stick it to Obama once and for all. (For another fantastic “Seinfeld” reference, see also Simon Maloy’s takedown of the Burwell case here.)",1
4430,"In rare foreign trip, Assad flies to Moscow to meet with Putin","Syrian President Bashar al-Assad ventured outside his beleaguered nation for the first time in more than four years Wednesday to meet Russia’s Vladimir Putin in a surprise visit to Kremlin patrons now backing Syria’s government with military might.

The landmark trip is a powerful signal of Russia’s growing support for the embattled Syrian government as it fights an armed rebellion that includes factions backed by the West and many Middle East partners.

Russian warplanes have struck Syrian rebel targets across the country in recent weeks, allowing Assad’s forces to go on the offensive and giving the Damascus government a critical lifeline after near-constant battles since 2011.

Russia insists it is battling the Islamic State, which controls parts of Syria, but anti-government rebels and activists say few of the Russian strikes have hit the jihadists. Assad has painted his government’s military crackdown as a fight against terrorism.

But the Russian intervention has deepened tensions with Washington, which is leading separate airstrikes against the Islamic State and rejects a long-term role for Assad in Syria’s future.

[Obama’s challenge in three words: “Assad must go”]

The Pentagon and NATO allies have expressed worry over possible inadvertent encounters between Russian and U.S.-led coalition aircraft in the skies over Syria. Neighboring Turkey has accused Russia of twice violating its airspace and shot down a Russian-made drone last week.

On Friday, Secretary of State John F. Kerry is expected to meet with his counterparts from Russia and two main Assad foes — Turkey and Saudi Arabia — to discuss Syria, the Russian Foreign Ministry said.

Putin has made clear that Russia seeks to have a key role in any moves on Syria’s political future, apparently to ensure that Moscow does not lose its main foothold in the region.

“We are ready to make our contribution not only in the course of military actions . . . but during the political process,” Putin said, according to a transcript released by the Kremlin.

But few specific details emerged from the meetings with Assad.

The extraordinary trip was announced after Assad had already returned to Damascus.

Putin thanked Assad for visiting Moscow at Russia’s request, praised the Syrian people for fighting opponents for several years “practically on their own” and said that “serious results have been achieved in this battle,” according to the Kremlin transcript.

“If it were not for your actions and decisions, the terrorism that is spreading through the region now would have made even greater gains, and spread to even wider territories,” Assad said to Putin, according to the transcript.

Putin said that at least 4,000 Islamist militants from the former Soviet Union are now fighting in Syria, and he warned that they could not be allowed to foment instability in Russia.

He also reiterated the eventual need for a political settlement to end the conflict. The West has demanded that Assad step down as part of any political transition, a condition Putin did not address in his remarks.

In the meeting with Assad, Putin said his government believes that “positive results” in military operations will lay the foundation for long-term resolution to Syria’s conflict.

“We would do this, of course, in close contact with the other global powers and with the countries in the region that want to see a peaceful settlement to this conflict,” he said.

The Kremlin meetings unfolded a day after the Pentagon’s new chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff held talks in Iraq, seeking to bolster U.S. support for Iraqi forces battling the Islamic State. Marine Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. said Iraqi leaders gave assurances that Baghdad has not reached out to Russia to possibly expand its airstrikes.

But a group of Iraqi political leaders and influential Shiite militias have urged Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to request Russian airstrikes on Islamic State militants, the Reuters news agency reported.

[Did U.S. aid to Syrian rebels prompt Russian moves?]

Photographs released by the Kremlin also showed Assad dining with Putin and other top Russian officials, including Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu.

Russian warplanes have carried out dozens of strikes daily against targets in Syria since bombing began Sept. 30. Russia says it is focused on fighting the Islamic State in Syria, but many of the strikes have been directed against other Islamists and more moderate forces opposed to Assad. The West says that Russia’s main goal is to prop up Assad and allow his forces to go on the offensive, not fight the Islamic State.

Russian and U.S. officials announced Tuesday that they had signed a “deconfliction” agreement to regulate aircraft and drone traffic over Syria. On Tuesday, the Russian Defense Ministry released video of a Russian jet tailing what appeared to be an American Reaper drone over Syria. The ministry said the only aircraft legally in Syrian airspace are Russian.

Reuters on Tuesday said three Russians were killed in an artillery strike in Syria, citing an intelligence source. The Defense Ministry denied that any Russian service members have been killed in Syria. Critics have said that Russia may send unofficial forces, or “volunteers,” as it has done in the Ukrainian conflict.

There was no immediate comment from Washington on Assad’s trip. But in NATO member Turkey, Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said he hoped Assad would stay in Russia.

“If only he could stay in Moscow longer, to give the people of Syria some relief,” Davutoglu told reporters in Ankara.

Little common ground between Moscow and Washington

Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world",1
5212,Former ‘Apprentice’ contestant accuses Trump of groping her during job meeting,"A former contestant on the reality show “The Apprentice” on Friday accused Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of aggressively kissing her and groping her breasts during a 2007 meeting to discuss a possible job at the Trump Organization.

Summer Zervos, who appeared on the show in 2006 and now owns a California restaurant, spoke about the incident at a news conference alongside civil rights lawyer Gloria Allred.

At times tearing up, Zervos said the incident occurred at Trump’s bungalow hotel suite at the Beverly Hills Hotel, which she visited after he suggested the two have dinner.

Zervos said Trump greeted her with an “open-mouthed kiss” and then urged her to sit close to him on a love seat before kissing her again, groping her and trying to pull her into his bedroom. Zervos said she pushed Trump away and told him, “Come on, man, get real.”

She said Trump responded by mimicking her words, “Get real,” and “thrusting his genitals” in her direction.

Zervos’s accusations came as a number of other women have stepped forward in recent days to accuse Trump of groping them or kissing them inappropriately. Also Friday, The Washington Post published the account of Kristin Anderson, 46, who said Trump reached up her skirt and groped her during an encounter at a nightclub in the early 1990s.

[Woman says Trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s]

In a statement, Trump said he “vaguely” remembered Zervos as an “Apprentice” contestant but that he “never met her at a hotel or greeted her inappropriately a decade ago.”

“That is not what I am as a person, and it is not how I’ve conducted my life,” he said, adding that Zervos had emailed him in April asking that he visit her restaurant in California. Trump blasted the media, saying reporters are “throwing due diligence and fact-finding to the side in a rush to file their stories first,” a sign, he said that “we truly are living in a broken system.”

Trump has categorically denied other accusations. At a rally in North Carolina, he called the women’s accounts “total fiction.” He called Jessica Leeds, who told the New York Times that Trump had groped her on an airplane in the 1980s, “that horrible woman” and suggested Leeds was not attractive enough to have drawn his interest. “Believe me, she would not be my first choice,” he said.

Zervos, like the other women who have lodged allegations in recent days, said she was compelled to speak after watching a video of Trump bragging to “Access Hollywood” in 2005 that he was able to sexually assault women because he is a celebrity.

Allred said Zervos is one of “many” women who have approached her in recent days to describe experiences with Trump. Allred said several friends and family members of Zervos could corroborate that she had told them of her experiences with Trump shortly after they allegedly occurred, but Allred did not release those statements Friday.

Zervos read aloud from the email she said that she sent Trump in April 2016, which she said was an attempt to see whether the increasingly high-profile presidential candidate would consider apologizing for his behavior. She said she wrote to Trump, through an assistant, that his behavior toward her “blew my mind.”

“I have been in­cred­ibly hurt by our previous interaction,” she said she wrote. She said she received no response.

Unlike several other of Trump’s accusers, who either barely knew the business executive or did not know him at all, Zervos said she had considered Trump a mentor and role model, even after she was fired from the boardroom game show.

She said she reached out to him a year after her “Apprentice” appearance when she was traveling to New York and asked to meet to discuss a possible job at the Trump Organization.

In his Trump Tower office, she said Trump was complimentary and sounded eager to hire her. Then, she said, she became uncomfortable when, as she was leaving, he kissed her on the mouth.

Zervos said she shared the experience at the time with a friend and her parents, who urged her to view the kiss as a form of greeting. Not long after, she said Trump called her to say he was visiting California and suggested the two have dinner to discuss the job.

Zervos said Trump became physical soon after she arrived at his suite in the Beverly Hills Hotel.

“He put me in an embrace, and I tried to push him away,” she said.

After she rejected his advances, Zervos said, Trump grew cold. She said they proceeded with their planned dinner and that Trump ordered a club sandwich for the two to share.

As they waited for dinner to arrive, Zervos recalled that Trump told her that “he did not think I had ever known love or had ever been in love.” Over dinner, he offered financial advice, suggesting that she should stop paying the mortgage on her home, leave the keys on a table and demand the bank make her a better deal, she said.

Trump soon said he was tired and urged her to leave, Zervos said. He did not cut off discussions of a possible job. Instead he suggested they meet the next day at his Rancho Palos Verdes golf course, where she was given a tour by the general manager. Ultimately, she said she was offered a job that paid half of what she had discussed with Trump.

Allred said Zervos has no plans to file a lawsuit and has no affiliation with any political campaign.

“I want to be able to sleep at night when I’m 70,” Zervos said to explain her decision to come forward.",1
50,"Trump's lean campaign machine relying mostly on donor cash, not his own","Donald Trump is running a relatively lean campaign machine and, despite pledges to self-fund, so far has been able to rely more on outside donations than his own deep pockets.

Campaign finance filings this week offered a glimpse into how the billionaire businessman is running his breaking-the-mold campaign.

The third quarter report showed that Trump raised $3.9 million over the period between June 30 through Sept. 30. Of that, $2.8 million came from individual donations of $200 or less. In addition, he's put up about $1.9 million of his own money, in loans and contributions, since officially launching his bid in mid-June.

The totals show he's raised $5.8 million and spent $5.4 million to date -- which means he's spent more contributor money than his own money.

Trump, though, repeatedly has said his campaign does not want to be beholden to big-money donors. So whether he will eventually have to dig deep into his personal fortune remains to be seen.

“There is a general perception that he has all the money he needs,” however, “he’s spending less -- he hasn’t had to open his wallet – because of all the attention he’s received,” said Anthony Corrado, professor and campaign finance expert at Colby College in Maine. “His standing in the polls has allowed him to essentially ride this wave of support.”

While Trump is not doing high-dollar fundraising events like other candidates, his website solicits donations all the way up to the individual limit of $2,700. Much of his financial support is coming in this way, and appears to be going a long way as Trump spends (and raises) far less than his competitors.

The money mostly has been spent on travel, lodging, telemarketers, event staging, and campaign consultants in the early caucus and primary states of Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina.

""The Trump Campaign will continue to accept small dollar donations as people across the country proudly invest in Mr. Trump's vision to Make America Great Again,"" the campaign said in a statement following the public filing of the FEC numbers Thursday.

Corrado noted that this was “reminiscent of Ross Perot, who self-financed, but asked people to send in five dollars just to have skin in the game.”

Texas billionaire Perot spent $63.5 million of his own money to wage a formidable third-party race for president in 1992.

Trump told Fox News this week that he only spent “a couple of million” on his campaign so far, and “zero” on advertising due to all the free air time he has received. “I’ve spent the least money and I’ve got the best poll numbers. This is a tribute to business,” he said.

Trump has been the poll front-runner in the GOP pack for weeks, despite spending less than his competitors.

Republican candidate Sen. Ted Cruz took in $12.3 million in the third quarter, but also has spent nearly $18 million to date. On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton took in $29 million and spent $25.7 million in the third quarter alone.

As the campaign draws closer to the early 2016 primary contests, however, Trump will need to spend more money, Corrado said. “We will start to see this change in the fourth quarter,” he said, pointing to Trump’s announcement that he plans to spend upwards of $20 million in the next phase of his campaign on advertising.

So far, ""his expenditures are revolving around his travel, spending the money to put on viable campaign events, gathering intelligence in the early primary states"" and promoting his brand, said Corrado. ""It reflects a grassroots approach to campaigning ... Therefore he has been able to conserve his resources to spend more as they get closer to the actual voting.""

Trump will either have to raise more or keep dipping into his personal reserves, as, according to the FEC report, his campaign only had $255,000 cash on hand as of Sept. 30.

He acknowledged as much when he told Fox News he would not be averse to taking outside money should he get the nomination. “I don’t mind spending the money. Once we get through that [primary], that’s when the party kicks in and then billions of dollars come in, everyone wants to support it and that’s a great thing.”",1
16,P. Parenthood Chief Goes Toe-to-Toe with Attackers,"WASHINGTON -- Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards withstood nearly five hours of Republican attacks at a House hearing Tuesday.

It wasn't just about those recent controversial tapes released by David Daledian's Center for Medical Progress showing possible wrongdoing. It was also about whether the abortion giant should keep receiving more federal taxpayer dollars.

Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said definitely not  especially with the cuts in care Planned Parenthood has made in the last decade.

""There's a 53 percent reduction in cancer screenings, 42 percent reduction in breast exams and breast care,"" Chaffetz noted.

Republicans on the panel proposed moving those federal dollars to more worthy recipients.

""We simply want to shift the money from an organization caught doing what they were caught doing and give it to the community health centers,"" Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, said.

""Shift it from the 700 Planned Parenthood clinics; give it to the 13,000 federally-approved community health centers,"" he continued. ""Take the money from the guys doing the bad things and give it to the ones who aren't.""

But Richards begged to differ  not just about the abortion provider's worthiness to receive federal funds, but about the validity of the secretly recorded videotapes used against her organization.

""The outrageous accusations leveled against Planned Parenthood based on heavily doctored videos are offensive and categorically untrue,"" Richards told the lawmakers.

She went on to say, ""This isn't really an attack on Planned Parenthood.  This is an attack on 2.7 million patients who each year choose Planned Parenthood as their health care provider.""

""The facts are on our side,"" she said. ""We're proud of the health care that we deliver every single year despite the animosity by some.""

Richards suggested Planned Parenthood deserves federal funding because of the services it provides more than 2 million visitors a year.

Live Action's Lila Rose responds to Cecile Richards' defense of Planned Parenthood at the Congressional hearing.

But while Richards was arguing how valuable Planned Parenthood is, there was a news conference nearby completely contradicting that claim.

A number of pro-life groups announced they're launching GetYourCare.org  a site showing Americans where they can easily find nearby low-cost health alternatives -- far more centers than Planned Parenthood offers.

""On the website you'll see that for every one Planned Parenthood, there are 20 federally qualified health care centers,"" Jeanne Mancini, president of the March for Life, said.

Just like Richards, congressional defenders of Planned Parenthood in the undercover video scandal attacked the undercover video production.

""This hearing today is promoted by a series of deceptively edited and purposely misleading videos,"" Rep. Carolyn Maloney, D-N.Y., charged.

But at the same news conference where GetYourCare.org was launched, the Alliance Defending Freedom announced that a highly regarded forensics firm, Coalfire Systems, has studied Daledian's videos in-depth.

""The videos are not edited; they're not manipulated,"" asserted Alliance Defending Freedom lawyer Casey Mattox, summing up the findings on the videos.

""The full version of these videos is posted online,"" he said. ""And the only part that the world is being spared are moments like where David Daledian goes to the bathroom.""

The committee holding the Tuesday hearing with Richards is one of four congressional panels scrutinizing Planned Parenthood and the more than $500 million it gets every year from the federal government.",1
4409,Justice Department Launches Civil Rights Probe Of Baltimore Police,"WASHINGTON, May 8 (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department on Friday launched an investigation into the Baltimore police department's use of force and whether there are patterns of discriminatory policing.

The probe, announced by U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, was requested by Baltimore's mayor in the aftermath of the death of Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old black man who sustained fatal injuries while in police custody, and the outrage it sparked in Maryland's largest city.

The Justice Department has conducted similar reviews of U.S. police departments. An investigation of police in Ferguson, Missouri, where a white officer shot dead an unarmed black teenager last year, concluded in March that the department routinely engaged in racially biased practices.

Though the Justice Department is already investigating Gray's death and working with the Baltimore police on reform, Lynch said last week's protests pointed to the need for an investigation.

""It was clear to a number of people looking at this situation that the community's rather frayed trust - to use an understatement - was even worse and has in effect been severed in terms of the relationship with the police department,"" Lynch said on Friday.

The latest investigation will focus on allegations that Baltimore Police Department officers use excessive force, including deadly force, conduct unlawful searches, seizures and arrests, and engage in discriminatory policing, Lynch said.

""If unconstitutional policies or practices are found, we will seek a court-enforceable agreement to address those issues,"" she said.

Maryland Congressman Elijah Cummings said he asked Lynch for the investigation to ""get to the bottom of the breakdown in trust between the police and the community.""

Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said in a statement her goal was for the city's police to reform through an enforceable court order.

Baltimore's chief prosecutor has brought criminal charges, including one murder charge, against six officers, three white and three black, involved in Gray's arrest.

Lynch, who took office last week, traveled to the largely black city on Tuesday to meet with Gray's family as well as thank officers for their work during the protests.

Any findings of the investigation would result in civil rather than criminal charges. Departments that have been found in violation of civil rights in the past have had to enter into court-ordered improvement plans, which can include an independent monitor, required reporting of arrest data and training for officers.",1
4736,Laura Ingraham: The Trump betrayal by Republican elites won't soon be forgotten,"The vast majority of Republicans want Donald Trump to be president. They've repeatedly told the pollsters, they've turned out in huge numbers for the GOP nominee's rallies, they've given him a record-breaking number of small donations and they are trying to help him win. Some of them were for Rubio, some of them were for Kasich and a lot of them were for Cruz, but they have come together in an effort to save the country from Hillary Clinton.

A small minority of Republicans do not want Donald Trump to be president. They prefer Hillary Clinton. Unfortunately for most of the Republican Party, this small group of angry dissenters includes many of the people at the top of the party -- officeholders, major donors, ""strategists,"" and ""conservative"" pundits. These people have been able to leverage their connections with the mainstream press to repeatedly attack Trump -- even though they refuse to say anything nice about Hillary.

The Republican Party is led by people who have more in common with the Clintons than with the GOP base.

Their fundamental problem is that they are closer to Hillary on most issues than they are to Republican voters. The honorable thing for them to do would be to leave the GOP altogether and work with the Democrats -- as some like Andrew Sullivan have.

But they're unwilling to do that. Instead, they take Hillary's side on every issue while claiming to be pushing the ""conservative"" line. Furthermore, it gives them an incentive to talk about everything in personal terms -- as if they would have supported someone like, say, Huckabee, if the former Arkansas governor had been nominated, even though that's not true. So instead of having an honest discussion as to whether the GOP should be a globalist party or a nationalist party, everything dissolves into personal attacks.

When this election is over, the vast majority of Republicans are going to remember that their supposed leaders -- the same officeholders, millionaires, and pundits who told them that they had to ""come together"" and support John McCain and Mitt Romney -- refused to do the same for Donald Trump. They will know that what they have long suspected is true -- the Republican Party is led by people who have more in common with the Clintons than with the GOP base. And that knowledge will affect the future of the GOP for years to come.

Laura Ingraham joined FOX News Channel in 2007 and currently serves as a contributor, providing political analysis and commentary to FNC's daytime and primetime programming. She is the Editor-in-Chief of LifeZette.com.  In addition to her role as a contributor, Ingraham is a frequent substitute host on FNC's ""The O'Reilly Factor."" As the host of the radio program ""The Laura Ingraham Show,"" she is also the most listened-to woman in political talk radio in the United States, heard by hundreds of radio stations nationwide. Ingraham previously served as a litigator and Supreme Court law clerk.",1
4223,"Sanders wins in Wisconsin, keeping alive his improbable bid for the nomination","Bernie Sanders emerged from Wisconsin with a solid victory Tuesday, prolonging his dogged but improbable bid to catch Hillary Clinton in the fight for the Democratic presidential nomination.

The senator from Vermont was leading the party’s front-runner in a state with a celebrated tradition of progressive activism — and a primary open to independent voters, a bedrock Sanders constituency.

Now, despite Clinton’s still-overwhelming lead in delegates, Sanders can claim the momentum of winning in six of the past seven states holding nominating contests across the country.

The victory was certain to energize Sanders’s supporters two weeks ahead of what will be a key showdown in delegate-rich New York, a state where Clinton hopes to put an end to Sanders’s embarrassing winning streak and reclaim control of the race against the self-described democratic socialist.

Sanders held a boisterous rally Tuesday night in Wyoming, the site of Democratic caucuses Saturday. Screams erupted and the crowd broke into chants of “Bernie! Bernie! Bernie!” in an auditorium at the University of Wyoming in Laramie when Sanders shared the news that the networks had called Wisconsin for him.

“If we wake up the American people, and working people and middle-class people and senior citizens and young people begin to stand up and fight back and come out and vote in large numbers, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish,” he said.

Clinton had already turned her attention to New York before voting began in Wisconsin. She appeared Tuesday morning on ABC’s “The View,” held an event in Brooklyn focused on women’s issues and attended an evening fundraiser in the Bronx where attendees were asked to raise $10,000 for her campaign.

In a tweet after the polls closed, Clinton congratulated Sanders on his victory. “To all the voters and volunteers who poured your hearts into this campaign: Forward!” she wrote.

While catching Clinton in the delegate count remains a long shot, Sanders has chipped away at her onetime lead of more than 300 pledged delegates, which was down to 263 before Tuesday’s contest in Wisconsin, according to an Associated Press tally.

Sanders invested significant time in Wisconsin, not leaving the Badger State in the final four days leading up to the primary and making an unadvertised campaign stop at a Milwaukee diner Tuesday morning.

“If people come out to vote in large numbers, I think we’re going to do very, very well,” Sanders told reporters as he entered Blue’s Egg with Barbara Lawton, a former Wisconsin lieutenant governor.

Sanders aggressively sought to highlight his more insular views on trade — an issue that he’s pressed in other Midwestern industrial states — as well as Clinton’s ties to Wall Street.

Wisconsin was viewed as difficult terrain for Clinton. In 2008, the state’s Democratic electorate was 87 percent white — voters whom Sanders has consistently won in nominating contests this year. Its industrial landscape, large bloc of independent voters and substantial working class also were seen as fertile ground for Sanders’s message of rethinking U.S. trade policy.

In 2008, Clinton lost the state by 17 points — to then-Sen. Barack Obama.

This time, she campaigned lightly here, focusing strategically on cities in congressional districts that played to her strengths, including Milwaukee, where she is popular with a large African American electorate.

She highlighted that she, unlike Sanders, has been a Democrat her “whole adult life.” She emphasized her commitment to supporting Democratic candidates at the state and local levels — a salient issue for a state party that has been waging fierce ideological battles against Gov. Scott Walker (R).

“He’s won some, I’ve won some. But I have 2 million more votes than he does,” Clinton said on “The View” on Tuesday morning.

Both candidates are now set for a showdown April 19 in New York, a state where Sanders grew up, where Clinton was elected twice to the U.S. Senate — and where 247 delegates will be at stake.

Clinton plans to campaign aggressively there, in part to prevent an embarrassing upset in her adopted home state and in part to deliver a decisive victory that would further marginalize Sanders.

The Brooklyn-born Sanders plans to make New York his home base over the coming two weeks as well. While he will make some campaign stops in other states with upcoming nominating contests, aides say he plans to return to New York City most nights, reflecting the hard-to-overstate consequences of the primary.

His decision to campaign Tuesday in Wyoming was born of a desire to add to his momentum heading into New York by notching a win in the state’s caucuses Saturday, though only 14 delegates are in play.

At this time in 2008, Obama’s pledged-delegate lead over Clinton fluctuated between 120 and 140 delegates — about half of the margin by which Clinton now leads Sanders. And that doesn’t include superdelegates, the elected officials and other party leaders who are not bound by their state’s results and who so far have broken heavily in Clinton’s favor.

Sanders aims to catch Clinton in pledged delegates — those won in primary elections — once California votes June 7. Doing so would require lopsided wins in most of the remaining contests, including some in states that have demographics similar to places where he has struggled.

If Sanders catches Clinton — or gets close — both candidates would enter the party’s convention in July without enough pledged delegates to claim the nomination. That would force the party’s superdelegates — who are automatically made convention delegates — to choose the nominee, a scenario Sanders’s campaign manager reiterated during an interview Tuesday on CNN.

The Sanders campaign has started making the case to superdelegates that they should side with him because he is more electable than Clinton against Republican front-runner Donald Trump — a view the Clinton camp disputes.

In a memo to supporters Monday, Clinton’s campaign manager, Robby Mook, described the Sanders strategy as reliant on “overturning the will of the voters.”

The results in Wisconsin continued many of the trends seen in previous contests.

Independents, who were allowed to participate in the Democratic primary, favored Sanders over Clinton by a 40-point margin, according to preliminary exit polls. And as in prior contests, voters rated Sanders as far more trustworthy than Clinton. Nine in 10 Democratic voters said Sanders was “honest and trustworthy,” compared with to 6 in 10 who said the same of Clinton.

Tuesday morning, as Sanders mingled with voters over breakfast at Blue’s Egg in Milwaukee, Dale Dulberger, 66, of Wauwatosa, Wis., came to greet the senator after casting his vote for him.

“I think he’s really authentic,” Dulberger, who teaches at a county technical college, said of Sanders. “I think people believe what he’s saying. His proposals are idealistic, but that’s what a president is supposed to do.”

Clinton, on the other hand, campaigned in New York City and did not mention Wisconsin’s election at either appearance.

In a preview of what is expected to be a rough-and-tumble New York primary, the New York Daily News debuted Wednesday’s front-page story, which encapsulates the challenge that awaits Sanders in the Empire State. The paper lambasted the senator for his position opposing legal liability for gunmakers after the massacre at a Newtown, Conn., elementary school in 2012. The headline: “Bernie’s Sandy Hook shame.”",1
3826,The unexpected and ingenious strategy of Obama's second term,"Presidents often turn more moderate to make gains in their final years. Think of Bill Clinton's 1997 budget deal, or George W. Bush's 2007 (failed) immigration reform effort, or Ronald Reagan's 1986 tax reforms. Second terms can feel like new presidencies.

President Obama's increasingly successful second term has been the exception to that rule. It's been a concentrated, and arguably jaded, version of his first term. The candidate who was elected to bring the country together has found he can get more done if he acts alone — and if he lets Congress do the same.

That has been the big, quiet surprise of Obama's second term. Congress has become, if anything, more productive. And that speaks to a broader lesson Obama has learned about polarization in Congress: Since he's part of the problem, ignoring Congress can be part of the solution.

Obama's diplomatic breakthroughs with Cuba and Iran call back to a controversial promise Obama made in the 2008 primary but seemed to abandon once he won the White House: to negotiate with dictators with few or no preconditions. This was among the biggest fights of the Democratic primary and the most radical promises of Obama's campaign — but it seemed almost completely forgotten in the first years of his presidency.

Obama's first-term foreign policy was largely defined by George W. Bush's wars. It's only been in Obama's second term that the foreign policy philosophy he previewed in the 2008 campaign has really been visible — and where Obama has shown himself to be to the left of many in the Democratic Party.

Even some congressional Democrats have balked at his negotiations with Cuba and Iran. But not only is Congress largely irrelevant to these deals (at least unless the opposition can overturn a presidential veto, which they almost certainly can't) but Obama doesn't have much pressing legislation before Congress, which makes it safer for him to anger them. In that way, Obama's increasing distance from Congress has been a boon to his foreign policy efforts.

The results will profoundly shape Obama's foreign policy legacy. As my colleague Dylan Matthews wrote, ""Obama has reestablished productive diplomacy as the central task of a progressive foreign policy, and as a viable alternative approach to dealing with countries the GOP foreign policy establishment would rather bomb. He established a viable alternative to the liberal hawks that dominated Democratic thinking during the Bush years, and held positions of influence on Hillary Clinton's 2008 campaign. And he developed a cadre of aides who can carry on that legacy to future Democratic administrations, and keep a tradition of dovishness alive.""

But it's not just foreign policy where Obama has swung left. When he ran for president in 2008, he opposed same-sex marriage. It wasn't until 2012 that he ""evolved"" on the issue. But by 2015, he was embracing marriage equality as part of his legacy. He even turned his home into a symbol of celebration:

Similarly, Obama has sought to use executive action to achieve in his second term what Congress wouldn't permit in his first: sweeping action on both immigration and climate change.

In some ways, the immigration action is the most telling of the two. Prior to his second term, Obama had repeatedly told immigration advocates that he simply didn't have the power to stop deportations on a significant scale. ""I am president,"" he told Univision in 2010, ""I am not king.""

But Obama eventually decided that the president had more power than he initially thought. Similarly, he is pushing strong regulations to limit greenhouse gas emissions from power plants.

Both efforts show a basic reality of Obama's second term: Rather than working to find more compromise in Congress, which would necessitate choosing different issues and agreeing to much more modest solutions, Obama is sidestepping Congress with more aggressive, more polarizing actions. To put it another way, he's prioritizing the liberal policy outcomes he promised in the 2008 campaign above the compromise-oriented political approach he promised in the 2008 campaign.

Given Obama's actions, you might expect Congress to have devolved into yet more partisan rancor and paralysis. But over the past year, the opposite has happened. Democrats and Republicans shocked everyone by coming up with a fix to Medicare's broken payments formula. The Senate agreed on a replacement to No Child Left Behind. There have been no government shutdowns or debt ceiling disasters. And Republicans have even been willing to make some common ground with Obama on trade authority.

Evidence of Congress's relative productivity can be found elsewhere, too. The Bipartisan Policy Center keeps up a ""Healthy Congress Index"" that ""tracks key metrics like substantive days in session, amendments offered, and bills reported out of committee."" Of late, Congress is looking a whole lot healthier.

Which, in a way, makes a twisted kind of sense. Obama is a polarizing figure, and his efforts to pass legislation were part of what was polarizing Congress. Obama eventually realized he couldn't solve a problem that was created by his very presence. And so he's more or less left Congress to do its own thing — particularly since Republicans won the Senate in 2014.

Now that they've stopped arguing so much over Obama, both sides in Congress have more time and more inclination to work with each other — and, surprisingly, to work with Obama on the rare occasions when there's an obvious common ground, as proved true on trade authority. The result is that even as Obama's second term has become more liberal, the agenda he's actually pursuing with Congress has become more conservative — and more successful.",1
4247,South Carolina primary brings high stakes for Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush,"Just weeks ago, it did not seem that Marco Rubio needed to lose any sleep over Jeb Bush.

After all, Rubio was seen as the darling presidential candidate of the GOP establishment because of a string of impressive debate performances and a strong Iowa caucus showing.

But after a disastrous GOP debate where Chris Christie essentially left the normally cool and eloquent Rubio stammering, followed by a fifth-place finish in the New Hampshire primary, the South Carolina vote on Saturday has become critical for the Florida lawmaker.

He must persuade people who had been ready to ditch Bush for Rubio after New Hampshire, but who got jittery after he did worse than expected, that he has recovered and is the best non-extreme Republican option for the nomination, according to the New York Times.

A Rubio supporter said the senator entered the ill-fated debate with indications from Bush backers that they would be ready to switch loyalty after the New Hampshire primary, which had been expected to seal Rubio as the best bet for the GOP establishment.

But after Christie successfully repeatedly attacked Rubio in the debate, the supporter told the Times, “those calls stopped.” Another unidentified supporter added: “Totally frozen.”

Friends, advisers and backers of Rubio says if he should finish behind Bush, it would spell real trouble for the junior senator, according to the Times.

To be sure, thus far South Carolina voter polls indicate that Donald Trump will win, perhaps with a double-digit margin over whoever comes in second place.

Rubio’s campaign has taken the blame for the fallout after the debate that hurt their candidate, saying they had made a tactical error in advising him not to hit back hard at Christie because it wouldn’t pay off.

A weaker-than-expected showing by Sen. Ted Cruz, who is pursuing conservative and evangelical voters, is seen as a potential boost to Rubio, a one-time Tea Party favorite who could pick up anti-Trump conservatives, many experts say.

Basically, many believe Rubio cannot come in lower than third, certainly not behind Bush, who doggedly has been trying to wear the establishment mantle and at the start of the election cycle seemed like the inevitable moderate GOP front-runner.

All told, the stakes are high in South Carolina, where about a third of voters remain undecided.

“When you see what happens in South Carolina,” Tim Scott, a Republican senator in South Carolina told the Times, “it will carry momentum into Nevada, and then into Super Tuesday.”

Like us on Facebook",1
3322,"Slow start for program to reduce vets' waits at Veterans Affairs facilities, offer private medical care","Far fewer veterans than expected are taking advantage of a new law aimed at making it easier for them to get private health care and avoid the long waits that have plagued Department of Veterans Affairs facilities nationwide.

Only 27,000 veterans have made appointments for private medical care since the VA started mailing out ""Choice Cards"" in November, the VA said in a report to Congress this month. The number is so small, compared to the 8.6 million cards that have been mailed out, that VA Secretary Robert McDonald wants authority to redirect some of the $10 billion Congress allocated for the program to boost care for veterans at the VA's 970 hospitals and clinics.

Republicans and Democrats insist the problem is the department and that it needs to do a better job promoting the choice program. They also want to change a quirk in the law that makes it hard for some veterans in rural areas to prove they live at least 40 miles from a VA health site.

The government measures the distance as the crow flies, rather than by driving miles, leaving thousands of veterans ineligible.

""Veterans put their lives on the line to defend this country. The very least we can do is ensure they don't have to jump through hoops to receive the care they need and have earned,"" said Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont., whose vast state has just one VA hospital.

The choice program was a key component of last year's sweeping law approved in response to reports that dozens of veterans died while waiting for appointments at a VA hospital in Phoenix, and that appointment records were manipulated to hide the delays. A series of government reports said workers throughout the country falsified wait lists while supervisors looked the other way, resulting in chronic delays for veterans seeking care and bonuses for managers who falsely appeared to meet on-time goals.

The law, signed by President Barack Obama in August, allows veterans who have waited more than 30 days for an appointment to get VA-paid care from a local doctor. It also allows veterans who live at least 40 miles from a VA hospital or clinic to get private care and makes it easier to fire VA employees accused of wrongdoing.

The choice program expands an existing program that allows veterans to get outside care for emergencies or procedures not available at the VA. Veterans have long complained about waiting months or even years to be reimbursed for private care, and many are skeptical the choice card will alleviate those problems, despite promises by the VA.

""I don't believe any of us thought that there would be a wholesale rush to leave the VA system at all, but we are still early in the program,"" Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Fla., chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, told reporters during a recent tour of the VA.

McDonald's bid to shift the money has met a bipartisan wall of opposition in Congress, where leaders said the landmark law they adopted last summer to overhaul VA has not been fully implemented. Taking money away from the choice program just three months after it was launched is premature, even irresponsible, lawmakers and veterans advocates said.

Miller called the plan a complete nonstarter. His Senate counterpart, Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., called it unacceptable. And Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., one of the law's chief authors, said Congress not only would reject the idea ""but refuse to even consider"" it.

Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal, the senior Democrat on the Senate veterans panel, said in an interview he would oppose any reallocation of funds ""so long as there are delays and issues with quality of care"" at VA.

McDonald counters that the proposal, which has not been formally submitted to Congress, would help ensure that ""every veteran receives the care they have earned and deserve regardless of where they choose to get it from.""

McDonald, who took over as VA secretary in July, said he never intended to ""gut the choice program or somehow eliminate"" it. Instead, he said, he simply seeks the kind of budget flexibility he enjoyed as Procter & Gamble CEO.

""Imagine your household. You are hungry, but you can't move the money from the gasoline account to the food account. Well, that is the situation I face,"" he said at a Feb. 11 budget hearing before the House Veterans Affairs Committee.

Louis Celli, director of veterans affairs and rehabilitation at The American Legion, the largest veterans service organization, called McDonald's explanation disingenuous.

""Draining funds from the bill short-circuits the program and ultimately hurts vets,"" Celli said, noting that VA officials had pushed for the choice program as a short-term way to expand patient access to care.

Rep. Tim Huelskamp, R-Kan., said a veteran in his rural district drives 340 miles one-way for cardiology treatment at a VA hospital in Kansas City.

""If the VA choice program can't provide something closer for him, then we need to relook at how we are implementing that,"" Huelskamp told McDonald at the Feb. 11 hearing.

McDonald said VA officials are willing to look at the 40-mile rule to see if it needs to be changed. The VA is committed to doing all it can to ""make sure the program is robust,"" he said.",1
3410,Harry Reid: Obama to Name Scalia Replacement in 3 Weeks,"U.S. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said Thursday he believes President Barack Obama will nominate a replacement for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia in a little over three weeks.

""I think it will be a little over three weeks,"" Reid said in an interview on MSNBC, adding that he spoke to Obama about the nomination on Thursday.",1
5274,"Amid campaign troubles, Trump blasts Clinton as 'world-class liar'","NEW YORK — His campaign in turmoil, Donald Trump sought to get back on track Wednesday with a familiar tactic: attacking Hillary Clinton.

Clinton is ""a world-class liar"" who has ""perfected the politics of personal profit and even theft,"" Trump said during a heavily promoted speech he delivered as members of the GOP continued to raise questions about his campaign organization and its ability to raise money.

In a remarkably negative speech against a presidential rival, the presumptive Republican nominee said Clinton ""may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States,"" a line that drew that drew a standing ovation from supporters packed into a meeting room at a Trump hotel in Manhattan.

Echoing attacks he has made throughout the campaign, Trump again claimed the former secretary of State has used her position to solicit contributions to the Clinton Foundation she sponsors along with former president Bill Clinton. Trump accused the foundation of accepting money from foreign governments that brutalize women and gays, and he said ""she ran the State Department like her own personal hedge fund.""

Reading his speech from a teleprompter, Trump also faulted Clinton over the economy, free trade and some of her campaign contributions. Citing a string of contributors across the world, he said donors ""totally own her.""

While Trump tries to make the fall election about Clinton, the Democratic candidate seeks to do the reverse, casting Trump as wholly unqualified for the presidency. ""He is temperamentally unfit to hold an office that requires knowledge, stability, and immense responsibility,"" Clinton said this week.

As for Trump's attack speech, Clinton campaign spokesperson Glen Caplin said Trump offered only ""more hypocritical lies and nutty conspiracy theories,"" all in an effort to distract voters from his campaign problems. At a rally in Raleigh, N.C., following Trump's remarks, Clinton said, ""“He’s going after me personally because he has no answers on the substance.”

The Clinton team also noted in a statement that independent fact-checking organizations have frequently given Trump's statements failing grades.

Trump's speech in New York City came two days after he fired campaign manager Corey Lewandowski,

The nominee-in-waiting's anti-Clinton speech — initially scheduled for last week, but delayed so that Trump could respond to the Orlando terrorist attack — is part of an attempt by the real estate mogul to move on after bad reports about the state of his campaign.

Hours after Lewandowski's dismissal, the Trump campaign filed a financial report showing it had only $1.3 million in the bank at the start of June; Clinton reported $42 million, one of the biggest financial advantages in the history of American politics.

Republicans continued to voice anxiety about the state of Trump's campaign, citing what they described as its small size, reluctance to invest in micro-targeting and other get-out-the-vote techniques and lack of message discipline.

Tom Rath, a Republican convention delegate from New Hampshire who is pledged to former Trump opponent John Kasich, said Trump's campaign trouble is not just a ""process story.""

It ""guts his strongest argument — that he is an accomplished executive who makes large organizations work,"" Rath said.

Republican consultant Bruce Haynes, founding partner of Washington-based Purple Strategies, said the Trump campaign seems to be realizing that it has a different job in the general election than it did during the primaries, and ""they have to make drastic changes fast.""

Clinton on Tuesday delivered another speech describing Trump as temperamentally unfit for the presidency, focusing on economic polices that she said would lead to a recession.

As she did in an earlier speech hitting the Republican candidate over foreign policy, Clinton said, “every day we see how reckless and careless Trump is. He’s proud of it.""

David Brock, who heads a pro-Clinton political organization called Correct the Record, said in a memo to reporters that Trump's attacks on Clinton rely on ""right-wing books"" that have been discredited. He described Wednesday's speech as an attempt to divert attention from his own troubles.

""Donald Trump's presidential campaign is melting down,"" Brock said.

In his speech Wednesday, Trump said he has built a multi-billion-dollar business, and ""that's a talent our country desperately needs.""

Attacking Clinton's stewardship of the State Department, Trump cited the rise of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, the deadly attack on a U.S. facility in Benghazi, Libya, that killed a U.S. ambassador, and her use of private email that is currently the subject of investigation, and, he suggested, could have been hacked by the nation's enemies.

The result has been ""one deadly foreign policy disaster after another,"" the Republican candidate said.

Trump also cited a letter from a woman whose son was killed by an undocumented immigrant, saying she wrote that Clinton ""needs to go to prison to pay for the crimes that she has already committed against our country.""

Trump cast the fall campaign as one pitting ""the people"" against ""the politicians"" who have ""rigged"" the system in their favor, and are symbolized by both Clintons. He also mocked the Clinton campaign slogan ""I'm with her,"" saying instead, ""I'm with you, the American people.""

Reciting his favorite campaign themes, Trump linked his opponent to open immigration refugee policies, bad trade deals, President Obama's health care plan, and the weakening of the military, and he pledged a new approach on all of those issues.

Trump and associates have described Lewandowski's firing as part of an effort to re-orient his team toward the challenges of a fall campaign. They also downplayed the fundraising report, saying they have raised millions in June and that Trump can put in his own money if necessary.

Republican critics said Trump's problems are self-inflicted, and they still hope to somehow head off his nomination at next month's convention in Cleveland.

GOP strategist Liz Mair, who has headed up a ""Never Trump"" group, said ""convention delegates — and indeed Trump himself — ought to be looking for a way out of this, whether that means delegates throwing out the rule book, or Trump withdrawing and going back to running his business.""",1
1167,"Mitt Romney: Donald Trump is a 'phony, a fraud'","(CNN) Mitt Romney delivered a sweeping broadside against Donald Trump on Thursday, laying into the Republican presidential front-runner with a sharper attack than any of the party's 2016 contenders have made against the billionaire business mogul.

""Here's what I know: Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud,"" Romney said. ""His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University. He's playing members of the American public for suckers: He gets a free ride to the White House, and all we get is a lousy hat.""

Romney said that ""dishonesty is Donald Trump's hallmark,"" pointing to his ""bullying, the greed, the showing off, the misogyny, the absurd third-grade theatrics.""

There's irony in Romney's speech: Just four years ago, he courted Trump's endorsement -- even after Trump had led the ""birther"" controversy against President Barack Obama, insisting that Obama release his birth certificate to prove he is an American citizen.

""He was begging for my endorsement. I could have said, 'Mitt, drop to your knees' -- he would have dropped to his knees,"" he said.

He said of 2012: ""That was a race, I have to say, folks, that should have been won ... I don't know what happened to him. He disappeared. He disappeared. And I wasn't happy about it, I'll be honest, because I am not a fan of Barack Obama, because I backed Mitt Romney -- I backed Mitt Romney. You can see how loyal he is.""

He said Romney thought about running again in 2016, but ""chickened out.""

Romney tweeted after his own speech but before Trump's that had the New York businessman made similar statements about the KKK and others in 2012, he would not have accepted the endorsement.

""If Trump had said 4 years ago the things he says today about the KKK, Muslims, Mexicans, disabled, I would NOT have accepted his endorsement.""

But now Romney, the 2012 GOP nominee, is attempting to play the role of party elder during a speech at the University of Utah. He said any of the party's other candidates -- Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich -- would be suitable choices.

He also amplified the stakes of the election, arguing that a Hillary Clinton presidency would be damaging, as well.

The remarkable speech reflected the splintering of the Republican Party, as party leaders and statesmen increasingly rebuke their front-runner.

Romney didn't endorse a candidate -- saying that, due to the party's delegate apportionment process, he'd vote for Rubio in Florida or Kasich in Ohio, if he lived in any of those states, when they vote on March 15.

It was, in effect, an argument for a contested convention, which would come only if Trump couldn't win enough delegates to capture the nomination on the first ballot.

""If the other candidates can find common ground, I believe we can nominate a person who can win the general election and who will represent the values and policies of conservatism,"" he said.

Trump, meanwhile, is winning over working-class whites and evangelical voters who are angry with Washington's political class -- breaking turnout records in primaries along the way.

Despite Romney's scathing speech, there are few signs it will dissuade Trump's loyal core of supporters who so far have greeted his most eyebrow-raising antics with swelling support.

Nonetheless, Romney lambasted Trump on foreign policy, casting him as ""very, very not-smart"" in his comments about allowing ISIS to take out Syria's leadership and for proposing the slaughter of the families of terrorists.

""Mr. Trump is directing our anger for less-than-noble purposes. He creates scapegoats in Muslims and Mexican immigrants. He calls for the use of torture. He calls for the killing of innocent children and family members of terrorists. He cheers assaults on protestors,"" he said, adding that Trump would trample First Amendment protections.

Romney also said Trump's remarks on CBS' ""60 Minutes"" on Syria and ISIS ""has to go down as the most ridiculous and dangerous idea of the campaign season: Let ISIS take out Assad, he said, and then we can pick up the remnants.""

""Think about that: Let the most dangerous terror organization the world has ever known take over a country? This is recklessness in the extreme,"" Romney said.

The business mogul, who himself has changed positions on abortion, continued hitting Romney and the Republican establishment Thursday morning in a series of tweets.

""I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!"" Trump tweeted.

Romney also mocked Trump's failed business ventures, pointing to his airline, his casino bankruptcies and more, and attacked his sexual indiscretions, too.

""There's a dark irony in his boasts of his sexual exploits during the Vietnam war, while at the same time, John McCain, who he has mocked, was in prison being tortured,"" he said

As soon as Romney wrapped up, McCain, the Arizona senator who was the 2008 GOP nominee, said he agreed.

""I share the concerns about Donald Trump that my friend and former Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, described in his speech today. I would also echo the many concerns about Mr. Trump's uninformed and indeed dangerous statements on national security issues that have been raised by 65 Republican defense and foreign policy leaders,"" McCain said in a statement.

The extraordinary effort by Romney to take down the Republican front-runner comes amid a last-ditch rush among the party's donors and loyalists to stop Trump from capturing the nomination.

After the remarks, Kasich tweeted, ""Well said, @MittRomney.""

His attack on Trump was an amalgamation of all of the attacks that other candidates and party members have made in recent weeks.

One of his top aides in the 2012 race, Katie Packer, is heading a super PAC that is launching attack ads against Trump. Another super PAC and the hardline conservative Club for Growth are also airing ads critical of Trump.

It could be too late: Trump has already won 10 of the first 15 states to vote, and he has a clear lead nationally over Rubio and Cruz.

Romney cast the coming months' elections as a crucial moment in history, citing Ronald Reagan and saying that this nominating contest is ""a time for choosing"" -- laying waste along the way to Reagan's fabled ""11th Commandment"" that Republicans not speak ill of other Republicans.

Adding to the intrigue: Romney's 2012 vice presidential running mate House Speaker Paul Ryan had a private dinner with Romney in Salt Lake City Utah last weekend, CNN has learned.

The dinner occurred while Ryan was on a trip out West to help campaign for House candidates, an aide said. But the aide maintained that the speaker only learned last night that Romney was planning to deliver a speech strongly criticizing Trump.

At his weekly press conference that happened at the same time as Romney's blistering attack on Trump, Ryan was asked about any talks he's had with Romney and the 2012 GOP's nominee's message about Trump, but he said he hadn't ""seen the content of the speech.""

""Mitt Romney is one of our party leaders, and he cares deeply about the future of the Republican party and the country,"" Ryan said, adding that ""Mitt and I are very close friends.""

In his speech, Romney called Trump's policy proposals ""flimsy, at best,"" and said he'd trigger a trade war, drive up the deficit and lead the nation into a recession.

""Even though Donald Trump has offered very few specific economic plans, what he has said is enough to know that he would be very bad for American workers and American families,"" he said.

""Now I know you say, 'Isn't he a huge business success, and doesn't he know what he's talking about?' No he isn't, and no he doesn't. His bankruptcies have crushed small businesses and their workers. He inherited his business; he didn't create it,"" Romney said.

Romney also pointed to Trump's exchange about white supremacists with CNN's Jake Tapper last Sunday on ""State of the Union"" as a general election liability.

""The video of the infamous Tapper-Trump exchange on the Ku Klux Klan will play 100,000 times on cable and who knows how many billion times on social media,"" he said.",1
551,'We the People' is at risk: Why America needs civics education,"Most are familiar with the “Jaywalking” quizzes Jay Leno regularly did on the streets of Universal Studios. They often included American civics questions. The answers were often laughably pathetic.  Unfortunately, they are representative of the general citizenry’s knowledge.

According to studies byAnnenberg Public Policy Center, only about a third (38 percent) of Americans can name the three branches of America’s government (executive, legislative and judicial), much less explain what each does.

Also surprisingly, only 32 percent of Americans could correctly identify the U.S. Constitution as the supreme law of the land, according to the Xavier Center for the Study of the American Dream. According to this same study, only 32 percent of Americans knew how many U.S. Senators there were (100), and only 29 percent knew the length of a U.S. Senator’s term in office (six years).

Voter turnout for the 2014 national election was the lowest it has been since World War II according to the United States Election Project. In a country that is supposed to be thegold standard for democracy this is simply unacceptable.

Why is this happening? One reason is the lack of emphasis put on civics education in our educational curricula. Voters don’t vote because they don’t understand the process or the power that comes from their votes.

These jarring facts are why I have been actively involved in Utah’s successful effort to pass the American Civics Education Initiative in Utah’s recently concluded legislative session.

If you don’t know it takes four balls for a walk and three strikes for a strike out in baseball, it’s not likely you’re a baseball fan. If you don't know the basics in American civics, you’re not likely to be interested in voting.

The American Civics Education Initiative is simple in concept: Students must pass a test from the 100 basic facts of U.S. history and civics taken from the same test all potential citizens must master before becoming American citizens.

This legislation, now enacted in Utah, as well as Arizona, Idaho, North Dakota and South Dakota, allows students to take the test any time during their high school career and as many times as necessary to pass. By using this well-established test and the study materials that are already easily available online for free, this legislation has nearly no implementation costs.

Some 91 percent of immigrants applying for citizenship pass the civics test on their first try. I recently attended a citizenship swearing-in ceremony at Liberty Park in Salt Lake City (an appropriately named place for this inspiring event). New citizens swore an oath of allegiance to our Republic dedicated to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. I saw firsthand how excited these new citizens were to become Americans, as well as the sense of pride they had in having passed the test. They knewtheir stuff.

Utah high school students will now be able to share in that satisfaction of accomplishment. As I travel around Utah to meet with students, I see how bright, enthusiastic and capable they are.  I hope that they are also inspired to participate in our democracy.

When leaving Independence Hall at the close of the Constitutional Convention of 1787, Benjamin Franklin was asked, “Well, Doctor, what have we got — a republic or a monarchy?” Franklin responded, “A republic, if you can keep it.”  The question is how do we keep it?

Our republic depends on an informed, engaged citizenry. When so many of our fellow citizens don’t know how our government works — and even fewer vote — power becomes concentrated in the hands of the few. We put the bedrock concept of “We the People” at risk.

If our students don’t know how our democracy works and who we are as a people, their participation ourgovernment will continue to wane. We can’t risk that. As Representative Steve Eliason, one of the sponsors of Utah’s law, aptly said during the legislative debate, “The American Civics Education Initiative is chicken soup for our ailing civic soul.”

Utah has taken an important first step in helping bolster American civics education. Legislators across the country need to follow suit and pass similar American civics education legislation in their own states. Only then will the phrase “We the People” live up to its original intent.

Jonathan Johnson is the chairman of Overstock.com, Inc. and the co-chairman of the Civics Education Initiative in Utah.",1
2998,NSA program reportedly helped US gather evidence against North Korea in Sony hack,"A program implemented by the National Security Agency to help the U.S. and its allies track the computers and networks used by North Korean hackers was critical in gathering information that led Washington to conclude Pyongyang was behind last year's cyberattack on Sony Pictures.

The New York Times first reported that the NSA began placing malware in North Korean systems in 2010. Originally, the purpose of the surveillance was to gain insight into North Korea's nuclear program, but the focus shifted after a large cyberattack on South Korean banks and media companies in 2013.

Fox News has confirmed that investigators have since concluded that the hackers spent more than two months last fall mapping Sony's computer systems and planning how to attack it.

In the case of the Sony Pictures hack, which knocked nearly the entire company's system offline, investigators believe that the North had stolen the ""credentials"" of a Sony systems administrator, which enabled them to familiarize themselves with Sony's network and plot how to destroy its files and systems.

The office of Director of National Intelligence James Clapper would not speak directly to the report, but said in a statement on Monday:

""The [US intelligence community] has been tracking North Korean intrusions and phishing attacks on a routine basis. While no two situations are the same, it is our shared goal is to prevent bad actors from exploiting, disrupting or damaging U.S. commercial networks and cyber infrastructure. When it becomes clear that cyber criminals have the ability and intent to do damage, we work cooperatively to defend networks.""

The attacks themselves, which Sony first reported to the FBI Nov. 24, are widely considered to be in retaliation for the release of ""The Interview,"" a comedy that features an assassination attempt against Kim Jong-un. Pyongyang has repeatedly denied any involvement in the Sony hack.

Skeptics have cast doubt on the official story that North Korea was behind the Sony hack, with many suggesting a disgruntled current or former Sony employee was responsible. Earlier this month, FBI director James Comey said U.S. investigators were able to trace emails and Internet posts sent by the Guardians of Peace, the group behind the attack, and link them to North Korea.

Comey said most of the time, the group sent emails threatening Sony employees and made various other statements online using proxy servers to disguise where the messages were coming from. But on occasion, he said, they connected ""directly,"" enabling investigators to ""see that the IP addresses that were being used to post and to send the emails were coming from IPs that were exclusively used by the North Koreans.""

A senior military official told The Times that the evidence against North Korea that was presented to President Obama was so compelling that he ""had no doubt"" the Communist regime was responsible. The White House has imposed new economic sanctions against North Korea as a response to the cyberattack.

The Times report quotes a North Korean defector as saying that country's military first displayed interest in hacking in 1994, when it sent 15 people to a Chinese military academy to learn the practice. Two years later, the Reconnaissance General Bureau, Pyongyang's primary intelligence service, created Bureau 121, a hacking unit that has a substantial representation in the northeast Chinese city of Shenyang.

South Korea's military claims that the North has a staff of 6,000 hackers dedicated to disrupting the South's military and government. That estimate is more than double an earlier projection made by that country's Defense Ministry.

Click for more from The New York Times.",1
1047,"Donald Trump triumphs in Michigan and Mississippi. Onward, reality show junkies","Donald Trump has absorbed more attacks in the last two weeks from his opponents, their super PACs and the Republican establishment than any candidate I've seen in my five decades around presidential politics.

The ""shock and awe"" attack of unfriendly fire seems to have had minimum impact on his candidacy as he won two big victories Tuesday night in Mississippi and Michigan. Big Don is still standing and the establishment favorite, little Marco got routed -- finishing out of money in both contests.

Ted Cruz, who came in second in both races in Michigan and Mississippi and won Idaho, keeps fighting to remain relevant. He is having a tough time reaching beyond the evangelical base which he splits with Trump. But the finals of this election cycle could come down to Trump versus Cruz.

John Kasich came in a distant second to Trump in his neighboring state which may bode poorly for his showdown next week in Ohio, the state he governs.

Rubio is on death watch and life support and can't survive if he doesn't win his home state of Florida. Tuesday night's poor showing is not going to encourage the money guys to bet more on him and he faces a real uphill battle to beat Trump in the billionaire’s adopted state of Florida.

Trump’s battle cry ""I love Florida and they love me!"" will be tested in seven days in the first of the winner take all states. There will be no more second place finishes or silver medals. Win or lose is now the rule of the game.

We have now seen the travelogue of the Trump properties and golf courses, suffered through a full display of all his products from vodka to steaks and the men's accessories made in China.

Tuesday’s night’s Trump victory speech/press conference was like a lengthy sales pitch on Home Shopping Network.

I've never before seen a press conference in which the press is hollering ""Stop, please stop! No mas, no mas!"" No more questions, please!!”

Donald's hour long tirade and rambling speech was his revenge for the assault on him by the billionaires and their political consultants who have puffed and puffed but can't blow Donald's house down.

Onward, reality show junkies. This show is a long way from being over!

Maybe the only thing that can slow the Donald down is ""House of Cards"" Frank Underwood. Of course his presidency is in trouble, too. But this reality show is stranger than fiction!

Edward J. Rollins is a Fox News contributor. He is a former assistant to President Reagan and he managed his reelection campaign. He is a senior presidential fellow at Hofstra University and a member of the Political Consultants Hall of Fame. He is a strategist for Great America PAC, an independant group that is supporting Donald Trump for president.",1
998,"What happens to delegates won by Rubio, other ex-candidates?","With Marco Rubio dropping out of the Republican presidential race Tuesday, the Florida senator leaves a large cache of delegates behind. So what happens to them, and the delegates of other former candidates, at the convention in Cleveland?

The short answer is: It varies from state to state, but the Republican Party leaves enough wiggle room that the delegates of former candidates could end up being a factor in July.

""An unbound delegate is worth their weight in gold,"" Rick Wilson, a GOP strategist, told FoxNews.com. ""It's hard to speculate and there's a lot going on right now.""

Rubio, in suspending his campaign after his home-state Florida loss, leaves 169 delegates behind. Ben Carson accrued eight delegates before he dropped out of the race, while Jeb Bush picked up four. Carly Fiorina, Mike Huckabee and Rand Paul each picked up one in Iowa.

And if either Ted Cruz or John Kasich drop out in the weeks ahead -- and Donald Trump still has not clinched the nomination with the necessary 1,237 delegates -- additional zombie delegates could be in play in Cleveland.

And they could hold sway.

That's because in most states, delegates become ""unbound"" and are free to support other contenders as soon as their candidate withdraws.

They don't necessarily have to gravitate toward the front-runner at a contested convention, or, in the case of Rubio's delegates, the candidate the Florida senator may ultimately choose to endorse.

They would become essentially free agents, prizes to be wooed by the candidates duking it out in Cleveland.

However some states bind their delegates to the first ballot no matter what.

In Tennessee, delegates are bound for two rounds of voting, while in Iowa, Texas, Virginia, Montana, Nevada, Puerto Rico and Washington, candidates are bound for at least one round of voting whether or not the candidate has withdrawn.

In South Carolina, delegates are bound to the candidate for the first ballot. However, if the winner is not nominated, they are bound to the candidate who finished second or third in the state.

The various state laws mean that while some of the delegates can already peel off to other candidates, many would have to wait until after a first ballot in order to be able to vote for another candidate still in the race.

It remains unclear whether front-runner Trump might be able to reach 1,237 delegates before the convention and avoid this drama. He currently has 661; Ted Cruz has 406; and John Kasich has 142.

Those, such as Kasich, who are banking on the prospect of a contested convention, where the delegates of ex-candidates and other factors could be in play, see a blueprint in past races dating back decades.

Since 1880, there have been eight contested GOP conventions and in five of those, the eventual winner did not go into the convention with a plurality of delegates.

In the 1976 Republican convention, it was the unbound delegates moving toward President Gerald Ford instead of Ronald Reagan that handed Ford the nomination that year. Ford held a slight lead going into the convention, but was shy of an outright majority.

In part by using the power of the White House, with promises of visits and patronage to woo over delegates, Ford won the nomination on the first ballot, by a slim 60 votes.",1
3179,"Mired in third, Marco Rubio prepares for a long, drawn-out Republican race","At a Capitol Hill social club earlier this month, Marco Rubio’s top advisers huddled with supportive House members to deliver a sober update about the Florida senator’s chances.

The aides, led by campaign manager Terry Sullivan, told the group that they were not expecting to win Iowa or New Hampshire, the first two states to vote. They said they were hopeful that things would turn their way by the next two — South Carolina and Nevada — but, realistically, Rubio’s path to victory would be a months-long grind.

One attendee, who like others spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the private meeting, said the message was that “this is not going to be over in February or March as much as we would all like it to be.”

The strategy outlined that day was notable because Rubio’s campaign has sought for months to temper expectations so that the senator from Florida could peak right before voting was set to begin. Now, his team is bracing supporters for a drawn-out Republican race that it says will ultimately reward Rubio’s versatility.

With just more than a week until the Iowa caucuses, Rubio has stalled out, neither rising nor falling much from where he has been in the polls for months, either nationally or in any of the first four states. Even in his home state of Florida, which votes in mid-March, Rubio is mired in third place, well behind front-runner Donald Trump and a few points behind Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.).

Rubio’s position reflects a race that has been dominated by Trump and Cruz, two outsider candidates who largely speak to different sets of aggrieved voters. Rubio had sought to present himself as a counterweight — a sunny optimist whose age, 44, and Cuban American background represented the future of the Republican party. More recently, Rubio has shifted somewhat to try to match the mood, offering more dire warnings about terrorism and more blistering attacks against President Obama and Hillary Clinton.

In recent weeks, Rubio has also been attacked from several sides as various rivals see him as a threat, running more than $22 million in negative ads against him. Right to Rise, a super PAC backing former Florida governor Jeb Bush, has been relentless in hitting Rubio. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has demeaned Rubio’s toughness and experience on the trail. And Cruz has cast him as weak on immigration.

Despite his standing, Rubio’s donors remain confident that he will win, even if he may have to do it in a way different from what they initially expected.

“I think Marco is doing fine,” said Anthony Gioia, a major GOP fundraiser in Buffalo. “He is a very good campaigner. I’m not troubled by the little short-term dips. He’s still the best candidate against the Democrats, and I think at the end of the day, that’s going to prevail.”

Rubio’s fundraising team is gearing up for an expensive next phase of battle. Lobbyist and fundraiser Wayne Berman is organizing a National Finance Leadership Call Day in Washington on Friday. Meanwhile, billionaire hedge fund manager Paul Singer is promising donors who raise $10,800 in new primary money five VIP tickets to an Iowa rally and private reception with Rubio on Tuesday.

Supporters who have heard directly from the Rubio campaign say their most immediate priority is to finish ahead of mainstream rivals Christie, Bush and John Kasich in Iowa and New Hampshire. That would position him for a final grouping with Trump and Cruz in which Rubio could be seen as the more electable choice.

Even as Rubio fights off Christie and others, though, he and his allies are also going hard after Cruz. A pro-Rubio super PAC unleashed a tough attack ad campaign against Cruz this week casting him as a flip-flopper and calling attention to his birth in Canada.

The early January meeting at the Capitol Hill Club, designed to be an update on strategy and expectations, also veered into a gripe session about Cruz, according to people in attendance.

Rep. Mia Love (R-Utah), for instance, explained how she felt betrayed by Cruz on a trade bill he persuaded her to back but later abandoned, those people said. Sullivan, struck by her story, told her she clearly did not need any talking points when it came to Cruz; she should just retell that one. Love did not respond to requests for comment.

Rubio is also trying to play defense against Cruz, Bush and Christie. He is now talking about immigration — his most obvious weakness among conservatives — in a new way, as more of a national-security matter than a debate over the merits of legalizing undocumented immigrants.

“We cannot ignore the fact that ISIS has proven to have a significant understanding of the immigration policies of other countries,” Rubio said at a moderated discussion here Thursday, using an acronym for the Islamic State. Rubio is taking heat from Cruz over his membership in the bipartisan “Gang of Eight” that pushed comprehensive immigration reform in 2013.

Here in New Hampshire, Rubio has railed against Christie, taking aim at his past support for Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor. A pro-Rubio super PAC recently aired anti-Christie ads on TV.

On the campaign trail, Rubio is trying to reach voters with different priorities as part of his strategy to compete everywhere. He speaks at length about his hawkish national security view. Lately, he has been underscoring his Christian conservative values more. He tries to personalize the topics he raises by drawing from his experience.

“I am passionate about many of the issues we face in America because I faced them in my own life,” he said at a town-hall meeting in Plymouth, N.H., this week.

On the trail, Rubio has also taken to framing the competition as a long slog.

“It’s an unusual and fun election cycle for you to cover,” he told reporters here Thursday. “But we’re going to continue to focus on winning votes, and in the end I’m very confident that when the votes are counted, I’ll have more delegates than anyone else and I’ll be our nominee.”

One label Rubio resists is the one many have applied to him disparagingly: the choice of the establishment.

“Every time I’ve ever run for office, whether it’s to the Senate or now as president, I’ve had to take on the Republican establishment. And we’re doing it again now,” Rubio said.

Even so, many backers privately say that their confidence in Rubio is rooted at least in part in the recent history of the GOP slowly weeding out renegade contenders and nominating more orthodox candidates.

Some supporters say that they just do not understand the appeal of someone like Trump, even though he has attracted large crowds, strong polls numbers and seemingly endless media attention, and has shown no signs of slowing down.

Frank VanderSloot, a billionaire head of an Idaho nutritional-supplement company, said it took him a couple of months of asking around before he could find a Trump supporter, highlighting the disconnect between many in the donor class and those in the grass roots.

“The two front-runners aren’t anywhere near the top of my list [or] on the top of any list of anyone I’ve talked to,” VanderSloot said.

Matea Gold in Washington contributed to this report.",1
702,Donald Trump v Bernie Sanders: confusion reigns over possible debate,"Confusion reigned on Thursday over a possible debate between Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders.



After kicking off a media frenzy by accepting an offer to debate Sanders, Trump changed his mind at least twice in the same day when pressed about whether he was serious about the prospect. 



Addressing reporters on Thursday in his first press conference after crossing the threshold of delegates needed to become the Republican nominee, Trump reiterated his willingness to debate Sanders for charity to the tune of at least $10m.

This came after Trump’s campaign said earlier in the day that the Republican was only joking when he first expressed his openness to debating Sanders during an appearance on ABC’s Jimmy Kimmel Live on Wednesday.



“I’d love to debate Bernie – he’s a dream,” Trump said at the press conference in Bismarck, North Dakota, on Thursday.

“The problem with debating Bernie is he’s gonna lose [the Democratic race] … but I’d debate him anyway. We’ve already had a couple of calls from the networks, so we’ll see.”

He added: “If I debated him, we would have such high ratings, and I think we should take that money and give it to some worthy charity.” Trump refused to take part in any further Republican debates after the Florida primary when the field winnowed down to three candidates.

Trump’s comments echoed his remarks to Kimmel in an interview the night before, when he told the late-night talkshow host: “If I debated him [Sanders], we would have such high ratings, and I think we should take that money and give it to some worthy charity.”

Sanders, the leftwing senator from Vermont who is lagging behind Clinton in the delegate race to clinch the Democratic nomination, responded immediately in a tweet, writing:

Sanders’ campaign confirmed he was serious about the opportunity if Trump was, but an aide to Trump clarified on Thursday that the former reality TV star was joking and had no intention to actually debate Sanders. 



A debate between candidates from both parties before the conclusion of the nominating process would have been highly unusual and a potential headache for Clinton, who turned down an invitation from Fox News to debate Sanders earlier this week – citing the need to shift gears toward the looming battle with Trump in November.

“We believe that Hillary Clinton’s time is best spent campaigning and meeting directly with voters across California and preparing for a general election campaign that will ensure the White House remains in Democratic hands,” Clinton campaign spokeswoman Jen Palmieri said in a statement.

A debate during the remainder of the primary season would indeed serve as more beneficial to Sanders, offering him another public platform to make his case in what has been a grueling contest against Clinton. The senator has often referred to poll numbers on the stump that show him faring better than Clinton in a hypothetical match-up against Trump, although Clinton has countered that she has spent more than two decades in the public eye whereas Sanders has yet to be vetted at the national level.

Trump, although evidently unwilling to debate the senator, has made overtures toward Sanders’ supporters by echoing their complaints that the establishment is working in Clinton’s favor.

“The system is rigged against him,” Trump told Kimmel, referring to Sanders. “I think it’s very unfair.”

Sanders and Clinton last faced off on the debate stage on 9 March in Miami. Since then, Clinton has marched significantly closer to sealing the nomination but has still lost a series of contests to Sanders along the way.

Sanders has routinely charged that the DNC, which remains officially neutral in the primary, is aiding Clinton by limiting debates and scheduling them on weekends when there would be less of an audience. 



The senator’s disdain for party leaders escalated last week, when Sanders said he would not reappoint Debbie Wasserman Schultz as chair of the DNC if elected president and endorsed her primary opponent as she seeks re-election to Congress in south Florida.



Simon Rosenberg, a Democratic strategist and founder of the center-left thinktank New Democrat Network, wrote in a column this week that the California debate should proceed as initially planned between Clinton and Sanders.

“For the DNC to walk away from the debate now, given that Sanders has signaled his desire to proceed, will only confirm the worst suspicions of Sanders partisans,” Rosenberg wrote.",1
2483,Paul: Christie embraces Obamacare,"On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
3317,Congressional auditors: VA health care is high-risk,"The Department of Veterans' Affairs vast health network — beset by a scandal last year over delayed care — has been listed as a high-risk federal program by congressional auditors for the first time.

The report by the watchdog Government Accountability Office, which is issued every two years, includes a broad indictment of the $55.5 billion VA program, one of the nation's largest health care systems. USA TODAY obtained the VA section of the report, scheduled for release Wednesday.

The number of aging or disabled veterans treated by the VA has grown to 8.9 million from 6.8 million in 2002, and Congress has increased funding by 85% during that time.

Yet problems with poor health care, delayed doctor appointments and leadership accountability and oversight persist, according to the report. The GAO said it keeps issuing audits identifying problems — eight just last year — but more than 100 areas of mismanagement remain unresolved, according to the report.

VA spokesman James Hutton, in a response, said the department is committed to becoming a ""model agency"" and example for other government programs to emulate.

""In many ways, (the VA health care system) is on the cutting edge of the industry. In other areas, we realize we need to make significant improvements,"" Hutton said.

Federal agencies or programs are chosen for the high-risk list by the GAO based on such factors as health or safety, delivery of services and incidents of injury or loss of life.

""These risks to the timeliness, cost-effectiveness, quality and safety of veterans' health care, along with persistent weaknesses we have identified in recent years, raises serious concerns about VA's management and oversight of its health care system,"" the report said. ""VA health care is a high-risk area.""

The VA became enveloped in scandal last year over allegations that veterans had died waiting for care at a hospital in Phoenix.

The agency's Inspector General office, which launched a probe into the allegations, found that delays contributed to the deaths of VA patients. However, inspectors concluded that delays may have contributed to the deaths of some veterans and that the falsifying of appointment records by VA staffers to hide delays is a systemic problem within the VA health care system.

Eric Shinseki, a retired general appointed by President Obama to lead the agency in 2009, resigned after claiming he had been misled about the extent of the VA problems.

His replacement, Bob McDonald, has vowed to move aggressively to revamp the VA. He launched the MyVA initiative in September devoted to improving customer service for veterans. Yet McDonald has come under criticism for not firing those responsible for the scandal despite new rules passed by Congress making it easier to dismiss employees.

The GAO report cites the falsified appointment records, and complains about a shoddy evaluation process for doctors who make mistakes, the reliance on data submitted by hospitals under review, handing out undeserved bonuses, chronically inadequate computer systems and poor training of staff.

The report said major improvements for the VA could flow from new legislation signed by Obama last summer that improves access to care and pays for more staff.But the agency has to follow through on recommendations expected from an independent review group and a bipartisan commission created by the legislation.",1
1437,"Iowa’s Des Moines Register endorses Clinton, Rubio","Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
2889,White House looks to scientists to sell Iran deal,"Trump will also meet with retiring Indiana Sen. Dan Coats, former Georgia Gov. Sonny Purdue and Linda McMahon, a prolific Republican donor, two-time Senate...",1
1499,GOP debate: 's Reality Check Team inspects claims,"(CNN) The Republican candidates for president gathered Thursday in North Charleston, South Carolina, for their sixth debate,, and CNN's Reality Check Team spent the night putting their statements and assertions to the test.

The team of reporters, researchers and editors across CNN selected key statements and rated them: True; Mostly True; True, but Misleading; False; or It's Complicated.

In discussing foreign challenges in the Middle East, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said, ""As it relates to Iran, we need to confront ambitions across the board, reimpose sanctions. They already violated sanctions after the agreement was signed by testing medium-range missiles.""

The agreement Bush was referring to was the deal reached last year between Iran, the United States and five other countries that seeks to roll back Iran's ability to obtain a nuclear weapon.

Since the signing of that agreement, Iran has indeed tested missile technology. The test violated sanctions not covered by the new deal but rather in contravention of existing U.N. Security Council resolutions. Last month, a panel at the United Nations said Iran violated existing resolutions when it tested a ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead in October.

But under the terms of the agreement reached in Vienna last year over Iran's nuclear program, the missile tests, while violating existing resolutions, are actually not a violation of the new agreement because that accord is focused on restricting Iran's path to a nuclear weapon.

In fact, the October ballistic missile test violation would not contravene the nuclear agreement brokered with Iran once it goes into effect, which the Obama administration believes will happen soon. Under the new nuclear deal, Iran will be able to conduct ballistic missile tests -- a concession to Iran included in the deal -- meaning Iran could have simply waited until after implementation of the deal to do the test.

Verdict: True -- Iran violated the sanctions, but not the nuclear weapons agreement

Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida claimed that Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas flipped on his support for ethanol, just one attack in a rapid-fire succession of them, but also the one that could matter the most in Iowa, which is a leading corn producer.

Cruz has always opposed the Renewable Fuel Standard, the fuel mandate supported by the state's ethanol interests, calling it an example of corporate welfare pushed by ""lobbyists and Democrats."" It's an issue that Cruz has taken flak over all across Iowa, with voters frequently questioning him at town halls and retail stops concerned about his view.

Cruz admits that he did co-sponsor a 2013 bill that would've ended the RFS immediately. But his current position, as outlined in a 2014 comprehensive energy bill he introduced in the Senate, is to phase it out over five years, with his policy as of now to end the RFS by 2022.

The ethanol lobby sending negative mailers about Cruz's record says that he did flip, but Cruz denies that, pointing to his bill instead of the one he co-sponsored. Cruz's personal preference, however, has always been for a five-year phase-out.

Rubio said that Obamacare is ""a certified job killer.""

In fact, Obamacare is not a job killer, according to the 2015 Kaiser Family Foundation/Health Research and Education Trust survey released in September 2015.

The report showed that only 4% of employers with at least 50 employees said they shifted some staffers to part-time hours so they wouldn't qualify for health care, and another 4% said they were reducing the number of full-time employees they planned to hire because of the cost of health benefits. In fact, that study showed that 10% of employers reported that they were changing workers from part-time to full-time status to enable them to obtain coverage.

One reason may be that the economy has been improving. Some companies interviewed by ADP said they may increase their part-timers' hours to retain talent and reduce training costs.

As to whether employers are cutting jobs because of Obamacare, it's nearly impossible to determine from Labor Department data since the economy is recovering and adding jobs. The number of people who can only find part-time jobs has declined in recent years, signifying companies are hiring more full-time workers.

Sen. Marco Rubio took a swipe at Chris Christie when he said the New Jersey governor backed President Barack Obama's nomination of Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court in 2009. Christie hastily denied the accusation.

""While Judge Sotomayor would not have been my choice, President Obama has used his opportunity to fill a seat on the Supreme Court by choosing a nominee who has more than proven her capability, competence and ability,"" Christie said at the time. ""I support her appointment to the Supreme Court and urge the Senate to keep politics out of the process and confirm her nomination.""

Verdict: Rubio's claim is true, and Christie's is false

Rubio also accused Christie of donating to Planned Parenthood, a highly contentious allegation, especially considering the effort among conservatives to strip the organization of its federal funds.

So it's true that Christie once said he donated to Planned Parenthood, and Rubio and his allies are holding that article up as proof. But Christie claims the quote was inaccurate. So given the ""he said, he said"" situation, it's difficult to know for sure where the truth lies.

Reality Check: Trump says Paris has the ""strictest no-gun policy of any city anywhere in the world""

Donald Trump said the terrorist attacks in Paris last year happened despite the city having ""the strictest no-gun policy of any city anywhere in the world.""

However, in France, private gun ownership, while heavily regulated, is permitted.

While French laws are restrictive, the gun laws in the UK are even more so. After a series of mass shootings in the 1980s and 1990s, the UK passed a law effectively banning the private ownership of all handguns.

In defending his questioning of Sen. Ted Cruz's eligibility for the presidency, Donald Trump cited Harvard Law School professor Laurence Tribe, who Trump claimed is raising ""a serious question to whether or not Ted can do this.""

Although Tribe has weighed in on Cruz's eligibility, he has not outright questioned whether Cruz -- who was born in Canada to an American mother and a Cuban father -- would be considered a ""natural born citizen,"" the definition of which Tribe says is ""completely unsettled.""

What Tribe has questioned is whether Cruz's own originalist judicial theories -- expressed when the senator was a student in his Harvard Law class, and again on the campaign trail when speaking about potential judicial nominations -- would render himself eligible for the White House.

""Ironically, the kind of justices he says he wants are the ones that say he's not eligible to run for president,"" Tribe argued on CNN this week. ""This is important because the way this guy plays fast and loose with the Constitution, he's a fair-weather originalist.""

""No real court is likely to keep Cruz off the ballot, much less remove him from the White House if he were to win -- Bush v. Gore isn't likely to get a return engagement over this issue,"" he wrote.

But soon after the debate concluded, Tribe went further, telling CNN's Anderson Cooper that the issue is a ""serious cloud"" over Cruz and saying he can see a challenge going to the Supreme Court.

""If some secretary of state refuses to put his name on the ballot if he's the nominee, there's no way out of it other than to have Cruz or the Republican National Committee sue the secretary of state. And that issue would then have to go all the way to the Supreme Court,"" Tribe said. ""But the fact is, you know, it's a serious cloud. It has to be taken seriously. It's not just a matter of coming up with great talking points or winning some debate. I think he does a disservice to the Constitution and the country when he thinks he can slide his way, slip slide his way around this serious constitutional issue,"" Tribe said.

Verdict: True (Editor's note: We changed the verdict from false because Tribe's comments after the debate suggested a legal fight was much more likely.)

Reality Check: Cruz on the U.S. sending $100 billion to Iran

Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas said, ""President Obama is preparing to send $100 billion or more to the Ayatollah Khomeini. I will tell you, it was heart-breaking ...""

In 2011 and 2012, the United States and Europe imposed sanctions on Iran that included freezing some Iranian assets overseas. With the announcement of a deal in 2015, those same assets stand to be released, creating a pool of money that will be newly available to the Iranian government. The total amount of those assets is not known, but as a deal with Iran seemed imminent, some estimated that the number was as high as $150 billion.

In late July, at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the deal, House Speaker John Boehner, just as Cruz said, claimed that ""more than $100 billion"" in unfrozen assets would be available to Iran.

Both the Treasury Department and the White House have disputed these estimates.

In Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew's July testimony to the Senate, he estimated that, after sanctions relief, Iran will only be able to access ""about $50 billion"" in unfrozen assets. He noted that another large portion -- about $20 billion -- was tied up in projects with China, and ""tens of billions"" comprise nonperforming loans to Iranian energy and banking interests.

The money already belongs to Iran but has been frozen, so the United States is not sending this money from its coffers to the Iranian government. Additionally, none of the parties with access to the assets have substantiated an estimate close to the figure that Cruz suggested.

Asked whether America's economy is as strong as President Barack Obama said in his State of the Union address, Sen. Ted Cruz said, ""We have the lowest percentage of Americans working today of any year since 1977.""

Last month, 59.5% of Americans age 16 and older were employed, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. That's higher than it was in 1977, when it ranged from 57% to 58.7%.

The share of Americans employed during Obama's terms has ranged from as low as 58.2% in mid-2011 to as high as 60.6% when Obama took office in January 2009.

Since 1977, the highest share of Americans were employed in April 2000, when 64.7% had a job.

However, the overall percentage of adults who are working isn't the best measure, since the number of retirees is growing as the nation ages. So let's look at the share of prime working age adults (age 25 to 54) who are employed. Some 77.4% of these Americans were employed in December, compared to between 71% and 72.8% in 1977.

By no measure is the share of Americans employed at its lowest point since 1977.

Reality Check: Cruz on Dianne Feinstein taking away all guns

During a discussion of proposed reforms to gun laws in the wake of recent mass shootings, Cruz claimed, ""California senator, Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein said if she could say to Mr. America and Mrs. America give me your guns, I'm rounding them up, she would.""

Feinstein did say something to that effect -- 21 years ago. And she was referring specifically to assault rifles, not all firearms.

Cruz exhumed the comment from a 1995 episode of ""60 Minutes,"" during which Feinstein discussed the limitations of the assault weapons ban. She talked about loopholes in the law that allowed dealers to sell assault rifles weapons at gun shows.

""If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban, picking up every one of them, 'Mr. and Mrs. America, turn them all in,' I would have done it,"" Feinstein said. ""I could not do that. The votes weren't here.""

Because Feinstein's comments were only about assault weapons and made 21 years ago, not as part of Obama's current initiative, we rate his claim true, but misleading.

Cruz, explaining his attack on Donald Trump's ""New York values,"" asserted there are ""not a lot of conservatives coming out of Manhattan.""

There's no doubt New York City's third-most-populous borough is known more for liberal urbanites than as a bastion of conservatism. But the island is not without its Republicans.

Voter registration records indicate there are 83,970 active Republicans on the rolls in Manhattan -- only about 10% of the total number registered, but not an insignificant portion.

Some of those Republicans carry outsized influence on the national political stage. The latest federal campaign finance filings show Manhattan donors contributed $2.9 million to Republican presidential candidates, the second-highest concentration of donations in the country behind Houston.

Cruz himself has taken in $135,588 from Manhattan's ZIP codes this cycle, behind his rivals Jeb Bush and Chris Christie, but still more than many other Republicans in the race. While those numbers are far behind the campaign cash taken in by Democrats in Manhattan, the borough clearly remains a magnet for politicians of all stripes looking to raise funds.

The federal filings also don't account for contributions to outside groups like super PACs, which raise enormous amounts of money from wealthy Manhattan donors. One of the most prolific conservative political donors, David Koch, is a resident of Park Avenue.

Cruz's claim that ""not a lot of conservatives"" come out of Manhattan is, based on pure voter registration numbers, true. But the influence of the Republicans that do reside there extends well beyond the East and Hudson rivers.

During the Fox Business Network undercard debate, Carly Fiorina claimed that ""this (Obama) administration has told us they don't even bother to check Facebook or Twitter to find out who's pledging allegiance to jihadists. We can do better than this, citizens. We need to take our country back.""

On December 16, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said that the department has, in fact, been examining social media when reviewing visa applications since early 2015.

""Under my leadership as secretary, we, in fact, began to consult social media in connection with conferring various immigration benefits and we will be doing more of this,"" he added. ""Any reports or partial reports to the contrary are simply false.""

Johnson did acknowledge that there were some restrictions on looking at an applicant's social media account before 2015, but said that there was no current policy prohibiting the check of an applicant's social media.

""We had policies in place regarding consulting social media, which in my judgment, particularly in this current environment, were too restrictive,"" Johnson said.

Many have criticized immigration officials for not checking the social media accounts of Tashfeen Malik, one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters, after there were reports that she advocated jihad in messages on social media. Her comments were made under a pseudonym and with strict privacy settings that did not allow people outside a small group of friends to see them, U.S. law enforcement officials told CNN.

FBI Director James Comey said that neither Malik or her husband and fellow shooter posted publicly on social media about supporting jihad.

However, they did show ""signs in their communication of their joint commitment to jihad and to martyrdom"" in private messages, according to Comey. The comments were private communications, both by phone and social media, and the U.S. government was not monitoring them because they had no reason to. The couple were not on any terrorist watch lists, and Malik made her comments under a fake name behind many privacy settings that would have required a warrant to access them.

Even if immigration officials had looked at Malik's social media accounts, they would not have had access to her private communications.

A U.S. official told CNN that the United States only recently began routinely reviewing the social media activity of visa applications from certain countries. The exact date that these types of reviews began is not clear, but it was after Malik's application was considered, the source said.

While the policy changed only a year ago, Fiorina's claim that immigration officials don't bother looking at visa applicant's social media has been untrue for more a year.

Reality Check: Fiorina on record numbers of men out of work

""We have record numbers of men out of work, we have record numbers of women living in poverty, we have young people who no longer believe that that the American Dream applies to them,"" Fiorina said.

There were 42.1 million men who were not working in December, just below the record 42.9 million set in October 2013, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. This includes men who were not in the labor force, as well as those who are unemployed. (To be included in the labor force, you have to be working or actively looking for a job.)

While Fiorina's comment is true, it is misleading because the vast majority of men who are not in the labor force are not looking for work. They include students, retirees and those who've just given up trying to find a job.

That said, there is an employment crisis among working-age men these days. The labor force participation rate -- which includes those who are working or have looked for a job in the past four weeks -- is near record lows. The share of men ages 25 to 54 in the labor force now hovers near a record low of 88%. It stood at nearly 97% in 1965.

The Geneva Conventions are a series of treaties and rules that apply in times of armed conflict and also seek to protect people who are not or are no longer taking part in hostilities.

In a briefing with reporters on Thursday, State Department spokesman John Kirby said, ""The Geneva Conventions apply for wartime; we're not at war with Iran. So, it's a moot question.""

Legal experts with whom CNN spoke tend to agree with that assertion.

""We don't have a state of declared war or actual armed conflict between the U.S. and Iran, therefore the application of the Geneva Conventions does not come into play,"" Allen Weiner, the director of Stanford's Program in International and Comparative Law, told CNN. ""Both sides have said it was an inadvertent crossing into territorial waters, where Iran is entitled to exercise criminal jurisdiction,"" Weiner added.

Steven Vladeck, a professor at American University School of Law in Washington and a CNN contributor, told CNN that ""Common Article 2 of Geneva is clear on this,"" and only applies in a state of war or armed conflict.

""There is a whole lot of daylight between animosity and armed conflict,"" Vladeck said, adding other legal mechanisms applying to international human rights law or governing the law of the sea, but the absence of direct armed conflict between the two countries negates the application of the Geneva Conventions in this case.

But legal experts said there are relevant legal provisions that Iran could be in violation of based on what occurred.

Some experts CNN spoke to did indicate that the Iranian actions may have violated customary maritime law. In a situation where a ship enters territory waters due to a technical problem or damage, a country ""would have the right to verify the problem"" but not use force to detain the sailors, according to Craig Allen, a professor of marine and environmental affairs at the University of Washington.

Rick Santorum said that President Barack Obama's policies have hurt the manufacturing sector, creating dwindling employment opportunities for the ""74% of Americans who don't have a college degree between the age of 25 and 65.""

The former senator, a Penn State alum who once called the President a snob for promoting higher education, needs to check his numbers again.

According to 2014 census data, the most recent stats available, 67% of Americans between 25 and 64 have not graduated from college. The total number of people in that age bracket is 164.8 million, and 55.2 million of them have not attained a bachelor's degree or higher.

Santorum wasn't a math major at Penn State so he can be forgiven for the miscalculation, but he should have stuck with his original estimate. For that reason, our verdict is false.",1
2843,Lawmakers Who Have Forgotten Iraq Insist They're Right About Iran,"“There is a principle of communication which is very well known, and has been documented in a variety of different ways. But it comes down to, if you can make people afraid, you can make them do anything,” McDermott said. “And these warmongers are fearmongers, and they are creating as much fear in the American people as possible.”

Like Thornberry and numerous other hawks, Graham and McCain are again expressing doubts about diplomacy. “Regardless of the outcome, Iran’s threat to regional security and stability endures,” they said in a joint statement about the administration’s framework for an agreement. “Any hope that a nuclear deal will lead Iran to abandon its decades-old pursuit of regional dominance through violence and terror is simply delusional. The Obama Administration’s failure to recognize and counter this threat has only served to expand Iranian influence.”

McCain and Graham are hardly unique. Pick just about any lawmaker who voted for the war in 2002, and they are likely to be making arguments of a similar tenor now. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky) argued strongly for a pre-emptive approach against Saddam, saying then that the risks of the more diplomatic strategy were “simply unacceptable.”

This month, McConnell said in a statement: ""To the detriment of international security -- specifically regarding the security of the United States, Israel and other allies, as well as preventing a nuclear arms race in the Middle East -- the Obama administration has always approached the goal of these negotiations as reaching the best deal that is acceptable to Iran, rather than what should be our national goal: ending Iran's nuclear program.""

One, Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) asked in 2002, “How long can we leave Hussein alone before we need to act?” and predicted the war would be “somewhat easier than” the previous Gulf war. He has alarmed progressives by backing a bill that would require speedy congressional approval of any Iran agreement before any of the deal could go into effect. Critics of the bill say it hinders chances for a final deal, making military conflict more likely.

Schumer had nothing positive to say about the framework, releasing only a short statement after it was announced that praised negotiators for working hard. “Their announcement deserves careful, rigorous and deliberate analysis. I’ll be giving the framework a very careful look,” he said, then later endorsed the review bill sponsored by Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), which is expected to be debated Tuesday in his Senate Foreign Relations Committee.

For Jim McDermott, who was pilloried when he was right, it’s a case of deja vu all over again, especially when he hears Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) suggest the United States could carry out a few days of bombing to take care of Iran, or when one of the lead architects of the Iraq War, former Vice President Dick Cheney, says the Iran talks convince him that Obama is “the worst president we ever had.”

“That kind of hyperbole is just over the top,” McDermott added, referring to Cheney’s charges that Obama was handing nuclear weapons to “the premiere sponsor of state terrorism in the world,” as well as Cheney’s charge that “I can't think of a more terrible burden to leave the next president than what Obama is creating here.""

“There’s just no basis for that kind of stuff at all, except in the minds of somebody who wants to create the image of fear lurking outside the back door,"" McDermott said. ""And if we don’t go out there and kill everybody in sight, well, then we’re going to have somebody break into our house.”

“They said, 'We can’t oppose you. You’re going to attack us. We know that. We just know. We’ll have to survive the initial attack, but when you get on the ground, then you’ll find out who has what power,’” McDermott recalled. “Shock and awe -- that worked for about 60 days, and then we had 14 years of what we got now. Fourteen going on 30.""",1
159,Congress and its 'outsiders': The critical struggle over who is really in charge,"Editor's note: The following column originally appeared in The Hill newspaper and on TheHill.com.

And the winner of the 2015 award for top member of Congress is …

Well, in keeping with the polarized politics on Capitol Hill, I have one winner for Republicans and a very different winner for Democrats.

Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., and Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., perfectly embody the polarization that prevents Congress from getting anything done on the nation’s most pressing issues, from immigration to stopping gun massacres to fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).

This dysfunctional Congress deserves its dismal 13 percent approval rating from the American people. The Republican majorities in the House and Senate reached a new nadir in broken politics by inviting a foreign leader, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, to use the Congress as a setting to disrespect the American president back in March. They acted without first consulting with the White House.

And then there was the refusal to hold confirmation hearings on the president’s nominees for judicial posts or to the Foreign Service.

Congressional Republicans have made it their everyday practice to obstruct initiatives from the twice-elected leader of the nation. That includes their recent undercutting of any efforts to deal with global warming, which are being negotiated by the president and more than a hundred other world leaders.

The GOP antipathy toward President Obama is not new, however. The bigger change is the out-of-control elbowing inside the Republican tent that came to define the year on Capitol Hill.

Republicans in the House successfully launched a coup earlier this year against then-Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), forcing out a man who is by any measure a strong conservative but still not conservative enough for the party’s far right. The same right wing then derailed Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) because they saw him as too close to Boehner.

The eventual winner after several weeks of embarrassing party infighting was the 2012 GOP vice presidential candidate and former Ways and Means committee chair, Ryan. But Ryan won without winning the official endorsement of the rebellious Freedom Caucus, who dictated Boehner’s departure.

All this led the new Speaker, in his very first speech as the top Republican in the House, to stare failure in the face.

“Let’s be frank: The House is broken,” said Speaker Ryan. “We are not solving problems. We are adding to them.”

And that is from a loyal conservative.

The real story on Ryan’s elevation is that he is by far the most conservative Speaker in recent times. His voting record is far to the right of Boehner and other GOP Speakers of the current era, from Newt Gingrich (Ga.) to Denny Hastert (Ill.).

Don’t forget: Ryan rose to prominence as the defiant right-winger who proposed, as top Republican on the budget committee, to change Medicare from a guaranteed health care program for the elderly to a limited, untested voucher plan. He also backed massive tax breaks for the wealthy and large corporations.

In almost 17 years in Congress, Ryan has been a reliable opponent of abortion rights and gay rights, and he supported President George W. Bush’s push to privatize Social Security.

Despite that very conservative record, the new Speaker had to deflect charges from the Freedom Caucus, conservative talk radio, websites and bloggers that he is just one more establishment Republican. That outrageous indictment fits with a Pew Research poll from May that found 75 percent of Republican voters want Congressional Republicans to obstruct, defy and challenge President Obama more frequently.

The GOP’s deference to the far right has resulted in a backlash from liberal Democrats – around the nation and on Capitol Hill — that finds expression in the presidential bid of Sanders.

Last year, my top member of Congress leapt to prominence on the power of the same backlash: Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.). She surfed a tide of populist anger among liberals over income inequality and the bailout of big banks and Wall Street.

This year, the 74-year-old Sanders succeeded in channeling the same energy outside the halls of Congress. Democratic voters still strongly back former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for the party’s 2016 nomination. But the unleashed, defiant roar of the party in 2015 can be heard at Sanders’s political rallies.

He has been a political sensation, all year long, in every corner of the nation. He attracts energized, loud crowds by identifying the Republican majority in Congress as the tool of big business and extremely wealthy Americans including Charles and David Koch, and other plutocrats. Sanders’s anger at the power of big money is resonating among left-wingers looking to identify those responsible for rigging the economic and political system against workers, unions, students, immigrants and minorities.

Sanders succeeded in forcing Clinton to do a flip-flop and become an opponent of Obama’s Asian trade deal. He lashed her for being slow to oppose the XL Pipeline. He critiqued her 2002 vote to authorize the war in Iraq.

“He [Sanders] is where the heart – the economic heart and soul of the party is right now… And he’s got the outsider thing, which is so big this year,” New York Times columnist David Brooks said recently.

Sanders and Ryan are the year’s political leaders in Congress because they captured that “outsider thing” for the left and the right.

As the year ends both parties – and their leading men — are in a critical struggle over whether the “outsiders” are now in charge.

Juan Williams is a co-host of FNC's ""The Five,"" where he is one of seven rotating Fox personalities.

",1
899,Sanders: Democratic Party hasn't been fair to me,"""One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,"" he said.",1
2012,"Bobby Jindal, raised Hindu, uses story of Christian conversion to woo evangelicals for potential 2016 bid","A dozen politically active pastors came here for a private dinner Friday night to hear a conversion story unique in the context of presidential politics: how Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal traveled from Hinduism to Protestant Christianity and, ultimately, became what he calls an “evangelical Catholic.”

Over two hours, Jindal, 42, recalled talking with a girl in high school who wanted to “save my soul,” reading the Bible in a closet so his parents would not see him and feeling a stir while watching a movie during his senior year that depicted Jesus on the cross.

“I was struck, and struck hard,” Jindal told the pastors. “This was the Son of God, and He had died for our sins.”

Jindal’s session with the Christian clergy, who lead congregations in the early presidential battleground states of Iowa and South Carolina, was part of a behind-the-scenes effort by the Louisiana governor to find a political base that could help propel him into the top tier of Republican candidates seeking to run for the White House in 2016.

Known in GOP circles mostly for his mastery of policy issues such as health care, Jindal, a Rhodes Scholar and graduate of the Ivy League’s Brown University, does not have an obvious pool of activist supporters to help drive excitement outside his home state. So he is harnessing his religious experience in a way that has begun to appeal to parts of the GOP’s influential core of religious conservatives, many of whom have yet to find a favorite among the Republicans eyeing the presidential race.

Other potential 2016 GOP candidates are wooing the evangelical base, including Sens. Rand Paul (Ky.) and Ted Cruz (Tex.) and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence.

But over the weekend in Lynchburg — a mecca of sorts for evangelicals as the home of Liberty University, founded in the 1970s by the Rev. Jerry Falwell — Jindal appeared to make progress.

In addition to his dinner with the pastors, he delivered a well-received “call to action” address to 40,000 Christian conservatives gathered for Liberty’s commencement ceremony, talking again about his faith while assailing what he said was President Obama’s record of attacking religious liberty.

The pastors who came to meet Jindal said his intimate descriptions of his experiences stood out.

“He has the convictions, and he has what it takes to communicate them,” said Brad Sherman of Solid Rock Christian Church in Coralville, Iowa. Sherman helped former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee in his winning 2008 campaign for delegates in Iowa.

Another Huckabee admirer, the Rev. C. Mitchell Brooks of Second Baptist Church in Belton, S.C., said Jindal’s commitment to Christian values and his compelling story put him “on a par” with Huckabee, who was a Baptist preacher before entering politics.

The visiting pastors flew to Lynchburg over the weekend at the invitation of the American Renewal Project, a well-funded nonprofit group that encourages evangelical Christians to engage in the civic arena with voter guides, get-out-the-vote drives and programs to train pastors in grass-roots activism. The group’s founder, David Lane, has built a pastor network in politically important states such as Iowa, Missouri, Ohio and South Carolina and has led trips to Israel with Paul and others seeking to make inroads with evangelical activists.

The group that Lane invited to Lynchburg included Donald Wild­mon, a retired minister and founder of the American Family Association, a prominent evangelical activist group that has influence through its network of more than 140 Christian radio stations.

Most of the pastors that Lane’s organization brought to Lynchburg had not met Jindal. But they said he captured their interest recently when he stepped forward to defend Phil Robertson, patriarch of the “Duck Dynasty” television-show family, amid a controversy over disparaging remarks he made about gays in an interview with GQ magazine.

Throughout his Lynchburg visit, Jindal presented himself as a willing culture warrior.

During his commencement address Saturday, he took up the cause of twin brothers whose HGTV reality series about renovating and reselling houses, “Flip It Forward,” was canceled last week after a Web site revealed that they had protested against same-sex marriage at the 2012 Democratic National Convention in Charlotte.

The siblings, Jason and David Benham, both Liberty graduates, attended the graduation and a private lunch with Jindal, who called the action against them “another demonstration of intolerance from the entertainment industry.”

“If these guys had protested at the Republican Party convention, instead of canceling their show, HGTV would probably have given them a raise,” Jindal said as the Liberty crowd applauded.

He cited the Hobby Lobby craft store chain, which faced a legal challenge after refusing to provide employees with insurance coverage for contraceptives as required under the Affordable Care Act. Members of the family that owns Hobby Lobby, who have become heroes to many religious conservatives, have said that they are morally opposed to the use of certain types of birth control and that they considered the requirement a violation of their First Amendment right to religious freedom.

The family was “committed to honor the Lord by being generous employers, paying well above minimum wage and increasing salaries four years in a row even in the midst of the enduring recession,” Jindal told the Liberty graduates. “None of this matters to the Obama administration.”

But for the pastors who came to see Jindal in action, the governor’s own story was the highlight of the weekend. And in many ways, he was unlike any other aspiring president these activists had met.

Piyush Jindal was born in 1971, four months after his parents arrived in Baton Rouge, La., from their native India. He changed his name to Bobby as a young boy, adopting the name of a character on a favorite television show, “The Brady Bunch.”

His decision to become a Christian, he told the pastors, did not come in one moment of lightning epiphany. Instead, he said, it happened in phases, growing from small seeds planted over time.

Jindal recalled that his closest friend from grade school gave him a Bible with his name emblazoned in gold on the cover as a Christmas present. It struck him initially as an unimpressive gift, Jindal told the pastors.

“Who in the world would spend good money for a Bible when everyone knows you can get one free in any hotel?” he recalled thinking at the time. “And the gold lettering meant I couldn’t give it away or return it.”

His religious education reached a higher plane during his junior year in high school, he told his dinner audience. He wanted to ask a pretty girl on a date during a hallway conversation, and she started talking about her faith in God and her opposition to abortion. The girl invited him to visit her church.

Jindal said he was skeptical and set out to “investigate all these fanciful claims” made by the girl and other friends. He started reading the Bible in his closet at home. “I was unsure how my parents would react,” he said.

After the stirring moment when he saw Christ depicted on the cross during the religious movie, the Bible and his very existence suddenly seemed clearer to him, Jindal told the pastors.

Jindal did not dwell on his subsequent conversion to Catholicism just a few years later in college, where he said he immersed himself in the traditions of the church.

He touched on it briefly during the commencement address, noting in passing that “I am best described as an evangelical Catholic.” Mostly, he sought to showcase the ways in which he shares values with other Christian conservatives.

“I read the words of Jesus Christ, and I realized that they were true,” Jindal told the graduates Saturday, offering a less detailed accounting of his conversion than he had done the night before with the pastors. “I used to think that I had found God, but I believe it is more accurate to say that He found me.”",1
4281,Conservatives in a meltdown: National Review’s confused “Against Trump” issue is an amazing testament to the right’s implosion,"The big release of the latest National Review edition, with a cover declaring “Against Trump,” on Thursday night was above all other things a wonderful gift not just to liberals, but anyone who lives outside of the conservative tribe. Because it gives us a glimpse, however temporary, of what it feels like to be a Trump supporter. I defy readers to take one look at the cover and not feel an overwhelming surge of contempt for these establishment conservatives who love to pander to the camo-crowd when it suits them, but get fussy when the rubes rise up and start demanding real skin in the game. You want to rub their smug little faces right in Donald Trump’s ridiculous hair and ask how they like those apples.

Any discerning reader knows that, on some level, you’re meant to root for the monster to turn on Dr. Frankenstein, for the Pied Piper to take the children away, for Satan to finally come for Dr. Faustus. And so it’s impossible not to take pleasure in watching the conservative base come extract its pound of Trump-shaped flesh out of the establishment.

It’s no mystery why the National Review and their supporters hate Trump. He’s vulgar and embarrassing and he does an even better job of exploiting the right-wing rubes and their racism and their provincialism and their ridiculous sense of oppression than they do. They are, in other words, haters. And Trump dismissed them as the haters they are with ease during his press conference Thursday night where he called the National Review a “dead paper” that almost no one reads anymore.

This impression is driven home by actually reading the issue. The editors can’t quite seem to decide what their exact objections to Trump are. Is it that he’s driving the right too far in the direction of fascism or that he’s a secret liberal in disguise? Both! Whatever you need to hear! The strategy is argument through overwhelming. They’ll throw everything they’ve got, even contradictory stuff, at the reader and hope the sheer volume of words impresses them enough to vote for Marco Rubio or Jeb Bush.

The everything-and-the-kitchen-sink strategy produces some hilarious contradictions. The main anti-Trump editorial, written by the editors, darkly warns that Trump isn’t the racist that his followers think he is. “Trump says he will put a big door in his beautiful wall, an implicit endorsement of the dismayingly conventional view that current levels of legal immigration are fine,” they write, even trying to get the reader to believe that Trump’s mass deportation plan is “poorly disguised amnesty”.

But then, in the writer round-up, we’re hearing a different story. “Not since George Wallace has there been a presidential candidate who made racial and religious scapegoating so central to his campaign,” David Boaz sniffs, adding that America “aspired to rise above such prejudices and guarantee life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness to everyone.”

So which is it, guys? Is Trump offensive because he’s too nativist or because he’s not devoted enough to keeping the foreigners out? Whatever will make you not vote for him, I guess.

A similar question emerges when it comes to the conservative obsession with masculinity, which they confuse with strength. The editors write that Trump “has an astonishing weakness for flattery, falling for Vladimir Putin after a few coquettish bats of the eyelashes from the Russian thug.”

On the other hand, Ben Domenech worries that Trump is “a tyrannical monarch” who he believes is too eager to “impose [his] will on the nation”. Mona Charen chimes in agreement, saying “conservatism implies a certain modesty about government.” So which is it? Does a big ego make one weak or is the problem that it makes one too strong and authoritarian? Both, I guess! Depends on if you’re more of an anxious masculinity conservative or if you’re one who likes to delude yourself into believing you’re a libertarian sort. Either way, don’t vote Trump! The self-contradictions are particularly amusing, to me at least, on the issue of women. Charen denounces Trump for his need to “constantly to insult and belittle others including, or perhaps especially, women”. But she and many of the other writers also warn the reader about Trump’s pro-choice past, insinuating that he’s not on board with the anti-choice movement. A movement, may I remind you, that is passing mandatory ultrasound and waiting period laws and other medically unnecessary regulations, for the purpose of insulting and shaming women. This self-important National Review manifesto can’t even decide how to feel about the practice of insulting and belittling people. On one hand, as Charen writes, they believe it’s a sign of “a pitifully insecure person”. What then to make of the fact that much of the anti-Trump argument is rooted in cheap shots at the man, from the you’re-a-girl insult regarding his behavior around Putin to Mark Helprin’s swipe at Trump for having “hair like the tinsel on discarded Christmas trees”. I guess everyone at the National Review is a “pitifully insecure person”, so why is it only a crime when said insulter is Donald Trump? Is it because he’s better at it than you guys? It’s tough to say what the National Review expected out of this, besides selling more issues. And even that has a strong possibility of backfiring, as this attack gave Trump an opportunity to imply, with cause, that they are using his name to bolster their declining sales. If the idea was to pry base voters off Trump, good luck with that. All this does is confirm base voter suspicions that the conservative establishment sees them as a bunch of useful idiots who are to be slapped down the second they start thinking they have a real voice in the movement. If the idea was to take a stand and lay out a clear line between the bellicose base and the more refined party elite, well, that’s backfiring, too, as the RNC reacted to all this by disinviting the National Review to partner with them in the Republican debates. In his anti-Trump screed, Ben Domenech gets on his high horse about how ours is supposed to be a “government of the people, by the people,”  which he claims Trump is threatening. Keep telling yourself that, buddy. Because it looks a whole lot like Trump’s popularity is due to “the people” revolting against a system where the establishment calls all the shots. And National Review’s flailing shows that the establishment has no idea what to do with that.",1
737,Will Latino loathing of Trump drive a voter movement to swing the election?,"Donald Trump’s rise is spurring a backlash from Latino communities across America that has the potential to prove a formidable barrier to the billionaire’s success in the November presidential election.

From Florida to Nevada, Arizona to Iowa, and countless other states beyond, there is evidence that the sleeping giant of the Latino vote is stirring. Trump’s favorability ratings with Hispanic voters are running at historic lows, while he faces an increasingly well-organized nationwide campaign to oppose him.

A Guardian exploration of three key swing states and survey of national Hispanic outreach groups has found that the presumptive Republican nominee faces an uphill struggle to repair the damage caused by his threats to deport all 11 million undocumented immigrants and build a wall with Mexico.

A poll of Hispanic Americans carried out by Latino Decisions and America’s Voice in April found some 87% of Latinos felt unfavorably towards him. Significantly, almost half said they felt more enthusiastic about voting in the presidential election than they did four years ago, and 41% of those said it was because they wanted to “stop Trump”.

In Florida, groups report that new Hispanic voter registrations are running at 1,000 a week. (Some 2.6 million Hispanics are eligible to vote in Florida for this year’s general election, and about 800,000 of them have not yet registered.)

That unprecedented number corresponds – not coincidentally, Latino organizers believe – with polls that show almost nine in 10 Latino Floridians view Trump unfavorably.



In Iowa, the Latino community has been virtually silent until this year. In 2012 only 1,000 Latinos participated in the Iowa presidential caucuses; this year the number soared to 13,000 – about 25% of all registered Hispanic voters.

“Clearly they were worried about the rhetoric, specifically of Trump. We could not have mobilized the community anything like as effectively without him,” said Joe Henry of the League of United Latin American Citizens.

In Nevada, a state where almost one in five of the 1.9 million eligible voters are Latino, an aggressive push to mobilize the community has started to bear fruit among some 362,000 Latinos who are still unregistered for the November ballot.

Even in Arizona, which has voted Democratic only once in a presidential race in the past 60 years, Hispanic activists hope to bring the state into play by registering up to 75,000 first-time voters. They have already expanded by 125,000 since 2010, to a total of 536,003 registered Hispanic voters (14.4% of the overall voter pool).

“There is something new going on, something unique in the immigrant community,” said Luis Gutiérrez, a US Congress representative for parts of Chicago. “And it has something to do with the tenor and tone of the presidential race.”

To what extent Hispanic Americans will be motivated to vote by Trump’s anti-immigrant remarks is one of the great unknowns of 2016. The Latino population continues to grow at a faster pace than any other demographic, from 19.5 million eligible Latino voters in 2008 to 23.3 million in 2012, with 27.3 million projected by November. That would amount to some 12% of the nation’s electorate in 2016.

Yet the proportion who actually cast their ballot has remained stubbornly low. In 2012 it was only 48%, much lower than the figures for African Americans (66%) and whites (64%).

“The Latino vote cannot be taken for granted, even with Donald Trump as the Republican nominee,” said Sylvia Manzano, a principal of the political consulting firm Latino Decisions. “Telling Latino voters that Trump is hostile to you is one thing – getting them to the polling stations another.”

Against that backdrop of such unflexed political muscle, there are signs that 2016 may see a larger turnout. Mi Familia Vota, a not-for-profit group devoted to encouraging Hispanic participation, has reported a surge in interest in voter registration. In the first four months of this year it helped 18,450 Latinos to get on the voter rolls in six states – Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Nevada and Texas.

Three of those states, Florida, Colorado and Nevada, are likely to be among the handful of battlegrounds where the outcome of the fight for the White House will be decided. Small but increasingly well-organized Latino populations in North Carolina and Virginia could also prove significant.

Outreach groups have been busily encouraging the 8.8 million Hispanic immigrants who are legal US residents to take up citizenship as the first step towards voting. Nationally, average requests for citizenship reached 65,000 every month in the five months up to January, with half the applicants being Latino. That’s a modest 15% increase on the same period in the previous year.

Non-partisan groups working to increase Hispanic political participation hope to boost that number as the presidential election looms, largely on the back of Trump’s attacks. In a normal year, some 650,000 green card holders are granted citizenship; this year the groups’ goal is one million, although with the election now six months away it is not certain how many of those the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) would be able to process in time for them to secure a vote by November.

Rocío Sáenz of the Service Employees International Union, which is part of a coalition that has helped 12,781 Latinos apply for citizenship in more than 300 “naturalization workshops” around the country, detects a new intensity: “There is a sense of urgency as a result of the hateful rhetoric about mass deportations, building walls, calling us criminals – this is personal for us.”

Guardian reporters in three key states sought to answer the increasingly critical question: is 2016 the year the sleeping giant of the Hispanic vote wakes up?

It’s impossible to overstate the importance of Florida: it has (officially at least) sided with the winning presidential candidate in every election since 1996. All of the contests have been close, with Obama taking the state in both his presidential runs by fewer than three percentage points.



That paper-thin margin is vastly overshadowed by the potential of the Floridian Hispanic population – 24% of the total today, up from 17% in 2000. At the same time, the political affiliation of Latinos in the state has been drifting steadily towards the Democratic party, largely as a result of the influx of left-leaning Puerto Ricans to central Florida.

When you add in the Trump effect, the billionaire’s prospects appear particularly bleak in Florida where recent polls indicate that close to 90% of Hispanic voters view him unfavorably.

Latinos are registering to vote in “unprecedented” numbers to oppose him, advocacy groups say.

“There’s a lot of Latinos who are very angry with Trump,” said Vivian Rodriguez, president of the Democratic Hispanic Caucus of Florida. “That’s created a wave of Latinos who want to get citizenship and get things going to vote in this election cycle.”

The most recent figures from Florida’s division of elections showed that 1.8 million Hispanics registered to vote in February’s primaries, almost 150,000 more than the number who voted in the 2012 general election, when Obama carried the state with more than 60% of the Hispanic vote.

With the number of Hispanics who registered for the Florida primary already so high, the figures suggest there may be an extraordinarily large turnout of Latinos for the general election in November. In 2012, the increase in registered Hispanic voters after the primary was 110,000. This year, the indications are it will be much greater.



A record 2.6 million Hispanics are eligible to vote in Florida, an increase of half a million since 2012 boosted significantly by the mass influx of Puerto Rican US citizens, particularly around Kissimmee and Orlando, seeking to escape the worsening economic conditions in their homeland.



That leaves about 800,000 eligible Hispanic voters who have not yet registered and if the feedback being received by the many outreach groups in the state is accurate – the National Council of La Raza alone told the Guardian it was signing up new Hispanic voters at a rate of about 1,000 a week – not many of them are going to be supporting Donald Trump.

“Latinos are going to be voting in unprecedented numbers against the villains, the politicians who dehumanize immigrant families to score political points,” said Maria Rodriguez, executive director of FLIC Votes (Florida Immigrant Action Committee).

“We’ve already been seeing the trend of a new generation of younger Cuban Americans registering as Democrats. There’s going to be an exodus from the Republican party; lots of Latino Republicans are going to switch to no party affiliation or the Democrats.”

One of those is Luis-Carlos Fumero, a Miami-born Cuban who fits kitchens for his uncle’s condo renovation company and who fervently supported Mitt Romney’s unsuccessful 2012 campaign. This time he says he will not vote.

“I cannot support this man,” said Fumero, 25, of Trump. “This nonsense over the wall, not letting Muslims into America, what he says about Mexicans and about women, this man is loco.”

The loss of support from Miami’s Cuban Americans could be a body blow to Trump’s hopes of carrying Florida in the general election. Historically a bulwark of Republican support, the influence of Florida’s Cuban voting bloc has already waned from 46% of the state’s eligible Hispanic voters in 1990 to barely 30% today, according to Pew research.

Now there are clear signs that even that bloc might desert the Republican candidate, under the weight of Obama’s opening up of trade and travel with Cuba and with the rise of a younger generation of Cuban Americans who are less ideologically driven.

In February’s primary, the heavily Hispanic Miami-Dade was the only county in Florida that Trump lost, and although he led Hillary Clinton 41-29 among Miami’s Cuban Americans in a Bendixen and Amandi poll this month, his support level is still far below the 64% Romney received from Cuban Americans statewide in 2012.

Perhaps more worryingly for Trump, Miami’s influential Republican Cuban American political leaders continue to speak out against him. House representatives Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Carlos Curbelo have said they cannot vote for him, and Tomás Regalado, the mayor of Miami and himself a Cuban exile, launched a searing attack on the presumptive nominee in the Miami Herald.

“He mistreats people, speaks derisively of people,” Regalado said. “A president’s biggest asset is the bully pulpit. This guy is capable of creating national and international chaos.”

Karina Ruiz de Diaz, president of the Arizona Dream Act Coalition, takes the long view. “The Latino vote is still very young,” she told the Guardian. “We will reshape the state, it’s just going to take a little bit of time.”

Arizona’s electorate is in the midst of rapid change. One in five eligible voters in the state are Hispanic, according to a recent analysis by the Pew Research Center. It estimates that 1.3 million Arizona Latinos will be eligible to vote in 2016, up from 796,000 in 2008.

Young Latinos make up a large share of the Hispanic electorate. Nearly twice as many Hispanic voters in Arizona are millennials, compared with their white counterparts, according to 2014 Pew data.

Arizona has historically been a conservative state. But the changing demographics and the prospective general election race between Trump and Clinton has activists and experts predicting that this will be the year Arizona Latinos realize their political force, and sweep Democrats in to power.

“It’s exciting for us in Arizona because we keep getting talked about as a purple state, as possibly a swing state,” said Kate Gallego, the vice-mayor of Phoenix.

That would be astonishing. Since the second world war, Arizona has only once voted for the Democratic presidential candidate: Bill Clinton in 1996. So could it happen?

“Certainly John McCain thinks so,” Gallego said, referring to comments recorded at a private fundraiser in which the long-serving Arizona senator said Trump could threaten his chances of being re-elected. “If Donald Trump is at the top of the ticket, here in Arizona, with over 30% of the vote being the Hispanic vote, no doubt that this may be the race of my life,” McCain is reported to have said.

Yet even if record turnout were to turn the solidly red state blue, Arizona’s 11 electoral votes would probably be superfluous as the outcome is unlikely to shift the dynamics of the race.

If Trump is to be the motivation that finally unleashes the electoral power of Arizona’s Latinos, the achievement will not be his alone. He will also have to credit the assistance of two of his most ardent supporters: Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Maricopa County, the self-styled “toughest sheriff in America”, and Jan Brewer, the former Arizona governor who signed into law one of the harshest state immigration measures in the country.

In 2010, Arizona enacted Senate Bill 1070, a draconian law aimed at driving out the state’s undocumented immigrants that pushed the state to the forefront of an acrimonious debate over border security and comprehensive immigration reform.

Yet instead of disappearing, the law drew many of the state’s undocumented immigrants out of the shadows. Latinos joined forces with business leaders, concerned about the economic impact of the law. Together, tens of thousands marched through the streets of downtown Phoenix in opposition.

“We have seen many Trumps in Arizona,” said Ian Danley, a director with One Arizona, speaking after a meeting on voter suppression in Phoenix. “We were birthed out of SB 1070, which is a Trump-like policy. We weren’t prepared in 2010. We’re prepared now.”

One Arizona, a non-partisan network of Hispanic and immigrant groups working to increase Latino voter turnout in the state, has registered between 110,000 and 125,000 new voters since 2010, and helped triple the number of Latinos enrolled in the state’s early voting system. Now the network has set itself the ambitious target of registering between 60,000 and 75,000 new voters by November.

Because volunteers are restricted from telling registrants who to vote for and the group doesn’t track registrants’ party affiliation, it’s hard to assess “the Trump effect”. Anecdotally, several volunteers said it was not uncommon for registrants to ask which party Trump belonged to and then tick the opposite box.

“People are paying a lot of attention,” said Raquel Terán, the state director for Mi Vota Familia, sipping vegan horchata at a coffee shop in downtown Phoenix.

When Donald Trump came to Arizona in March, he held his rally in Fountain Hills, a predominantly white town in Maricopa County. He was joined by Brewer, the former governor, and introduced by Arpaio, the controversial sheriff who has cost taxpayers tens of millions of dollars in an ongoing racial profiling case that found his officers had targeted Latinos during raids and traffic stops.

“We had a little problem. Some demonstrators were trying to disrupt,” Arpaio told the crowd, which began to boo and hiss. “If they think they’re going to intimidate you and the next president of the United States, it’s not going to happen – not in this town!”

“I call that the hate and fear playbook,” said Petra Falcon, a long-time Arizona activist and director of the rights group Promise Arizona. “If you want to divide a country or a state, just take out that playbook and start talking about the harm immigrants do – they come here to take your jobs. They rob. He took that playbook from Arizona and is using it nationally.”

The biggest challenge for Arizona’s Democrats remains voter turnout. There are approximately 170,000 more registered Republicans than Democrats in the state, according to the latest data from the secretary of state’s office.

In the primaries on 22 March, 55% of Republicans cast ballots, compared with 49% of Democrats. However, registered independents, who make up the largest share of Arizona voters but are not represented by a party, could not vote in either primary.

At an outlet mall in Tempe, José Barboza and Francis Sullivan of Promise Arizona took turns approaching shoppers and sales associates with their clipboards.

Jaritma Avilez told Barboza she was registered to vote and he moved on. But later Avilez admitted to the Guardian that even though she was registered, she didn’t plan on voting in November. “I don’t feel like politics really affects my life,” she shrugged.

“In November, the Latino community is going to come out in large numbers,” Jocelyn Sida, a Nevada organizer for Mi Familia Vota, which works to increase Hispanic turnout, told the Guardian. “A lot of millennials like myself are getting involved in leadership roles to educate and engage the community, and it’s been very accepting. They’re not withdrawing, they’re not closing their doors to us. On the contrary they’re seeking us out to find ways to get involved.”

With 17% of Nevada’s electorate being Hispanic, the Latino vote certainly has the potential to deny Trump victory through strong turnout. In 2012, 70% of Nevada Latinos voted for Obama, helping him to win the state by a comfortable six-point margin.

“All the time Trump’s yelling about kicking people out the country. It’s horrible,” said Rodulfo Martinez, 60, a Las Vegas construction worker, expressing an anger felt by many. “The way he insults us isn’t right. Many of the things he says about the [border] wall and why Latinos come here don’t make sense.”

A poll last month by Latino Decisions showed that immigration reform was the most pressing issue for Nevada Hispanics. The state has the country’s largest percentage of undocumented immigrants, many of whom count registered voters as friends and family.

“Está loco,” said Vicky Legaspi, 36, echoing Fumero in Miami. A restaurant owner on Las Vegas’s working-class east side, Legaspi nearly choked on a spoon of ice cream when asked if she would vote for the celebrity businessman. “He just wants attention. He doesn’t care about this country.”

Ana Hernandez, 34, a housekeeper, said Trump was “mean” and “has a bad heart” and that she intended to vote for Clinton because “first of all, she’s not a racist”, setting a somewhat low bar.

Latino participation in Nevada’s 2016 Democratic caucus showed a 5% uptick over the 2008 contest, another encouraging sign for Clinton, who won the vote in both cycles. The primary season also saw Democrats build a 5% lead in voter registration in Nevada, while an ongoing “naturalization blitz” organized by progressive groups has brought thousands of new minority voters into the fray.

At the start of this election season, Nevada had 362,000 potential new Latino voters, including 42,000 Hispanic youth who will come of voting age this cycle and 40,000 legal permanent residents eligible for citizenship, according to Mi Familia Vota.

“It’s amazing to hear from people who never had a reason to vote, or speaking of the citizenship workshops, people who have never had a reason to become citizens until now,” said Laura Martin, associate director of the Progressive Leadership Alliance of Nevada (Plan), which promotes civic engagement. “We focus on low-income communities of color, so we meet lots of people at the bus station, the welfare office, or outside the dollar store. They used to not care, but now they see Donald Trump and that’s scary to them.”

Additional reporting by Mona Chalabi in New York",1
2680,Drudge goes all in for Trump,"Trump will also meet with retiring Indiana Sen. Dan Coats, former Georgia Gov. Sonny Purdue and Linda McMahon, a prolific Republican donor, two-time Senate...",1
3059,New Study Shows Riots Make America Conservative,"The recent spate of protests against police brutality have changed the way the left thinks about rioting. The old liberal idea, which distinguished between peaceful protests (good) and rioting (bad), has given way to a more radical analysis. “Riots work,” insists George Ciccariello-Maher in Salon. “But despite the obviousness of the point, an entire chorus of media, police, and self-appointed community leaders continue to try to convince us otherwise, hammering into our heads a narrative of a nonviolence that has never worked on its own, based on a mythical understanding of the Civil Rights Movement.” Vox’s German Lopez, while acknowledging the downside of random violence, argues, “Riots can lead to real, substantial change.” In Rolling Stone, Jesse Myerson asserts, “the historical pedigree of property destruction as a tactic of resistance is long and frequently effective.” Darlena Cunha, writing in Time, asks, “Is rioting so wrong?” and proceeds to answer her own question in the negative.

The direct costs of violent protests are fairly self-evident. People who may not have anything to do with the underlying grievances get injured or killed, their livelihoods are impaired, the communities in which the rioting takes place suffer property damage that can linger for decades, and the inevitable police response creates new dangers for innocent bystanders. The pro-rioting (or anti-anti-rioting) argument portrays this as the necessary price of worthwhile social change. Rioting can generate attention among people who might otherwise ignore the underlying conditions that give rise to it.



It is surely the case that some positive social reforms have emerged in response to rioting. Lopez highlights the Kerner Commission and diversity efforts in the Los Angeles Police Department. But the question is not whether rioting ever yields a productive response, but whether it does so in general. Omar Wasow, an assistant professor at the department of politics at Princeton, has published a timely new paper studying this very question. And his answer is clear: Riots on the whole provoke a hostile right-wing response. They generate attention, all right, but the wrong kind.



The 1960s saw two overlapping waves of protest: nonviolent civil-rights demonstrations, and urban rioting. The 1960s also saw the Republican Party crack open the New Deal coalition by, among other things, appealing to public concerns about law and order. In 1964, Lyndon Johnson swept every region of the country except the South running a liberal, pro-civil-rights campaign; in 1968, Richard Nixon won a narrower victory on the basis of social backlash.

Determining just what caused the change in public opinion is obviously tricky. Wasow approaches the problem in different ways. One method he uses is to compare the public’s concern for civil rights and its concern for “social control,” with violent and nonviolent protests. They match up pretty closely:

Wasow has another even more persuasive method. He looks at county-by-county voting and compares it with violent and nonviolent protest activity:

Examining county-level voting patterns, I find that black-led protests in which some violence occurs are associated with a statistically significant decline in Democratic vote-share in the 1964, 1968 and 1972 presidential elections. Black-led nonviolent protests, by contrast, exhibit a statistically significant positive relationship with county-level Democratic vote-share in the same period. Further, I find that in the 1968 presidential election exposure to violent protests caused a decline in Democratic vote-share. Examining counterfactual scenarios in the 1968 election, I estimate that fewer violent protests are associated with a substantially increased likelihood that the Democratic presidential nominee, Hubert Humphrey, would have beaten the Republican nominee, Richard Nixon. As African Americans were strongly identified with the Democratic party in this time period, my results suggest that, in at least some contexts, political violence by a subordinate group may contribute to a backlash among segments of the dominant group and encourage outcomes directly at odds with the preferences of the protestors.

Wasow finds that nonviolent civil-rights protests did not trigger a national backlash, but that violent protests and looting did. The physical damage inflicted upon poor urban neighborhoods by rioting does not have the compensating virtue of easing the way for more progressive policies; instead, it compounds the damage by promoting a regressive backlash.

The Nixonian law and order backlash drove a wave of repressive criminal-justice policies that carried through for decades with such force that even Democrats like Bill Clinton felt the need to endorse them in order to win elections. That wave has finally receded and created space for sentencing reforms, demilitarization, an emphasis on community policing, and other initiatives that even have bipartisan support. If the violent protests in Ferguson and Baltimore supercede nonviolent protest, Wasow’s research implies that the liberal moment might give way to another reactionary era.",1
3981,21 dead at Radison Blu hotel in Mali,"(CNN) Heavily armed gunmen on Friday fired indiscriminately at guests at a hotel hosting diplomats and others in Mali's capital, the maître d' told CNN.

At least 21 people were killed in the attack in which an al Qaeda-affiliated group is taking partial responsibility.

""These people started shooting. They were shooting at everybody without asking a single question. They were shooting at anything that moved,"" Tamba Couye said of the attack at the Radisson Blu Hotel in Bamako.

One man did yell ""Allahu akbar,"" said Couye, who was working in the restaurant where breakfast was underway. The attackers sounded like they were from northern Mali, he told ""Erin Burnett OutFront.""

Couye said an attacker chased him from the hotel but he came back later to help because his instincts told him he needed to do so to save lives.

Dozens of people were trapped in the building for hours, officials in the West African nation said, before Malian and U.N. security forces launched a counterattack and rushed guests away.

Olivier Salgado, a spokesman for the United Nations peacekeeping mission in Mali, put the death toll at 21.

At least six people injured in the attack have been hospitalized, Health Minister Marie Madeleine Togo told state broadcaster ORTM.

Al Mourabitoun, an Islamist militant group, claimed it was jointly responsible for the attack, according to Mauritanian news agency Al Akhbar. The group announced it carried out the attack with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), the news agency reported.

Al Mourabitoun said the attack was carried out in retaliation for government aggression in northern Mali, Al Akhbar reported. The group also demanded the release of prisoners in France.

Algerian jihadist and the leader of the group, Mokhtar Belmokhtar, is ""probably"" behind the attack, French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said in an interview on France's TF1, but the French are not ""entirely sure.""

Belmokhtar was the target of a June U.S. airstrike in Libya. Libyan officials said he had been killed but U.S. officials never confirmed his death publicly.

The assault began about 7 a.m., when two or three attackers with AK-47 rifles exited at least one vehicle with diplomatic plates and entered the hotel with guns firing, Salgado said.

The attack, Salgado said, came as the hotel hosted diplomatic delegations working on a peace process in the landlocked country, a former French colony that has been battling Islamist extremists with the help of U.N. and French forces.

The Radisson chain said that as many as 170 people -- 140 guests and 30 employees -- had been there as the attack began.

Malian soldiers and U.N. troops had the hotel surrounded, a journalist for ORTM told CNN from the scene. Two security personnel were injured, Security Minister Salif Traore said on ORTM.

""We're still hearing erratic gunfire,"" journalist Katarina Hoije told CNN from near the scene Friday afternoon.

No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack.

The Radisson Blu Hotel is in an upscale neighborhood outside the center of Bamako, rising high above the dusty streets and surrounding houses. With 190 rooms and suites, it is known as a hub for international guests such as diplomats and businesspeople, and it is a 15-minute drive from Bamako-Senou International Airport.

""I think this attack has been perpetrated by negative forces, terrorists, who do not want to see peace in Mali,"" Hamdi said.

U.S. President Barack Obama said Saturday that the United States is still accounting for Americans who may have been inside the hotel.

Speaking in Malaysia, Obama said that thanks to the swift action of Malian and other security forces, lives were saved. He said the victims were ""innocent people who had everything to live for.""

The hotel attack, and the diplomats' meeting, came in a country that has struggled with Islamist extremists, especially since 2012.

Taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup in March 2012, Islamist extremists with links to al Qaeda carved out a large portion of northern Mali for themselves. When the militants tried to push into the south, France, at the Malian government's request, sent thousands of troops in 2013.

The ground and air campaign sent Islamist fighters who had seized the northern region fleeing into the vast desert. The United Nations then established a peacekeeping mission in Mali that year, hoping to keep the government secure enough to continue a peace process.

Though military pressure largely drove Islamist militants from cities, they have regrouped in the desert areas, said J. Peter Pham, director of the Africa Center at the Washington-based Atlantic Council.

""Unfortunately, this (hotel) is a likely target"" because it is popular with international guests such as U.N. workers, Pham said.

U.S. special operations forces were helping ""move civilians to secured locations as Malian forces clear the hotel of hostile gunmen,"" said Lt. Cmdr. Anthony Falvo, a spokesman for U.S. Africa Command.

Michael Skapoullis, who lives near the Radisson Blu, told CNN he was using the hotel's gym Friday morning when he noticed fellow exercisers leaving. He hadn't heard anything because he was listening to music, but he decided to follow.

He walked to a door leading to the hotel lobby, and that's when he saw something was wrong.

""When I opened the door, I saw, on the floor, bullets,"" Skapoullis said. ""So I gently closed the door, and ... I went back into the gym"" and eventually left the complex.

Another man who'd been in the hotel told ORTM that he heard gunshots that he initially thought were fireworks.

""Then we heard the hotel alarm. ... I walked out into the hallway, and I saw a lot of smoke,"" said the man, whom ORTM didn't name. ""Then I went back into my room to stay there.

""Later, the Malian forces came to get us. ... Thank God we are now healthy and safe.""

As news of the attack spread, media outlets and officials from a number of nations reported that some of their citizens were in the hotel or had been freed. A summary:

• One U.S. citizen was killed, a senior State Department official told CNN. ""We express our deepest condolences to the family and friends of the deceased. ... Out of respect for the family, we have no further information at this time."" Of Anita Datar, her brother Sanjeev Datar, said. ""Everything she did in her life she did to help others -- as a mother, public health expert, daughter, sister and friend.""

• ""About a dozen"" Americans were rescued, U.S. State Department spokesman John Kirby said.

• Geoffrey Dieudonne, an administrative counselor for Belgium's Parliament, died as a result of the attack, Parliament said. Details about his death weren't immediately clear; he was in Bamako as part of a three-day French-language convention.

• Three Chinese nationals were killed, the political counselor at the Chinese Embassy in Bamako told media in his country. State-run CCTV reported that four other Chinese guests were rescued.

• Seven Algerians, including six members of an Algerian diplomatic delegation, are safe after being trapped in the hotel, the state-run Algerie Presse Service reported. The Algerians were freed during a counterassault by U.N. and Malian forces.

• Twenty Indian nationals, working for a Dubai-based company and staying at the hotel long-term, were safely evacuated, Vikas Swarup, a spokesman for India's Ministry of External Affairs, said on Twitter.

• Twelve Air France crew members who were staying at the hotel were safely extracted, the airline tweeted. Air France has canceled all its flights to and from Bamako as a precaution, the airline said.

• Turkish Airlines said at seven of its employees were staying at the hotel, and all had been freed by the afternoon.

• Two German nationals were able to leave the hotel, Germany's Foreign Office said.

The soldiers stormed the hotel to end a daylong siege that started when gunmen raided the hotel after attacking a military site nearby, witnesses said.

At the time, the Malian army said the attackers were affiliated with the Macina Liberation Movement. Human Rights Watch has described the group as Islamists who commit ""serious abuses in the course of military operations against Mali's security forces.""",1
4509,"Anti-terrorism crackdowns may have spurred attackers, Belgian prosecutor says","The four men — two of them brothers — who turned ordinary morning commutes in Brussels into blood-soaked nightmares may have been spurred into action by fears that authorities were closing in on them, according to a note left by one of the attackers that was described by a prosecutor Wednesday.

Days before the attacks on Tuesday, counter­terrorism police had raided their Brussels safe houses. An ally who took part in November’s Paris carnage was shot and captured by authorities. And Ibrahim el-Bakraoui, a 29-year-old Belgian with a thick rap sheet, wrote that he did not want to wind up in a prison cell, Belgian federal prosecutor Frederic Van Leeuw said Wednesday.

The men — at least two of whom had direct ties to the Islamic State attacks in Paris — knew they had to act decisively. So they set out with explosives that ripped open a Brussels subway car and shattered the city’s main airport terminal, killing at least 31 people and injuring 300 in the bloodiest attack on Belgian soil since World War II.

Bakraoui detonated a suitcase full of nails, screws and powerful explosives at the airport, killing himself in the process, Van Leeuw said. So did Islamic State bombmaker Najim Laachraoui, 24, who is also believed to have prepared explosives for the Paris attacks, according to an Arab intelligence official and a European intelligence official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.

An unidentified man who left an even larger suitcase of explosives at the airport is believed to still be at large, he said. That suitcase did not immediately detonate, sparing Belgium even more casualties.

The country held a national minute of silence Wednesday led by Prime Minister Charles Michel, who laid a wreath at the Maelbeek metro station in honor of the victims. Thousands of Belgians gathered in a somber ceremony in front of an ornate 19th-century stock exchange building to light candles and lay flowers.

The missive, contained in a computer that had been chucked into a garbage can near Bakraoui’s Brussels apartment, does not specifically cite recent raids across Belgium, including one that netted a key suspect in the Paris attacks. But its tone suggests a sense that the noose was tightening, Van Leeuw said.

The computer message also gives apparent insight into the organization and motivation of militants who apparently turned their attention to Brussels after pulling off the Paris attacks that killed 130 people.

In the note, Bakraoui described feeling pressure bearing down. He wrote that he was “in a hurry, no longer knowing what to do, being searched for everywhere, no longer secure,” according to Van Leeuw’s description of the message, which was not made public.

Laachraoui’s involvement draws the boldest line yet between the Paris attacks and those in Brussels. His DNA was found on explosives in the Paris attacks, and authorities believe that he was versed in the Islamic State art of assembling powerful explosives from ingredients that are readily available. His participation in two attacks suggests that the Islamic State is increasingly able to strike on European soil — although his death may also mean that he feared imminent capture by European authorities.

Terrorism experts regard bomb­makers, especially those trained in handling sensitive explosives, as among the most valuable and protected members of a terrorist organization. It is highly unusual for them to participate in suicide attacks themselves.

[Why is Brussels under attack?]

Laachraoui’s DNA was found in a Brussels apartment raided last week. The discovery of a militant cell there eventually led to the arrest of Salah Abdeslam on Friday. Abdeslam was the final at-large direct participant in the Paris attacks and is believed to have been the logistics mastermind.

The computer file that prosecutors cited Wednesday does not mention Abdeslam by name, but it says the attackers feared that if they did not strike quickly, they risked winding up in prison alongside “him.”

“If they drag on, they risk finishing next to him in a cell,” Van Leeuw said, paraphrasing the contents of the file.

Van Leeuw described the file as a “will” discovered on a computer. He did not explain why authorities believed the computer belonged to Bakraoui.

Bakraoui’s younger brother, Khalid el-Bakraoui, 27, is believed to have been the suicide bomber on a Brussels subway car that blew up as it sped out of a station underneath the heart of the European Union quarter of Brussels, an area packed with embassies and international organizations. That attack came 73 minutes after the one at the airport, meaning that commuters were already reading the news of the first explosions when the carnage reached them.

Khalid el-Bakraoui appears to have been a kind of surreptitious real estate broker for the plotters, according to a European security official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the case. Using assumed names, he rented an apartment in the Forest area of Brussels where Abdeslam’s fingerprints were found and an apartment near Charleroi, Belgium, where Paris attack mastermind Abdelhamid Abaaoud stayed as he plotted the violence.

Both Bakraoui brothers served prison time for violent crime, the European security official said. The announcement on Wednesday that two of the attackers were brothers highlighted another emerging tactic from the militant group: They would be the third pair of brothers involved in an Islamic State attack in Europe in the past 15 months.

European security leaders planned to gather Thursday in Brussels to discuss whether to pursue new policies that would better pool information to counter terrorism.

French Prime Minister Manuel Valls, visiting Brussels on Wednesday to extend his condolences, repeated past calls for sweeping new powers to be given to European intelligence agencies. “In the years to come, the [E.U.] member states will have to invest massively in their security systems,” he said.

[Brussels terrorists probably used explosive nicknamed ‘the Mother of Satan’]

Van Leeuw, the Belgian prosecutor, said the brothers had not previously been suspected of ties to terrorism.

Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Wednesday that Turkey had deported one of the attackers to Europe in July and warned European counter­terrorism officials that it believed the man was a militant, suggesting a serious lapse by Belgian authorities. Interpol had also issued a “red notice,” effectively an international arrest warrant, for one of the suspects at the request of Belgian authorities. It was not immediately clear when that notice had been issued.

There were signs that an even bigger attack had been forestalled. Authorities found large stockpiles of bomb-building materials at Ibrahim el-Bakraoui’s apartment in the Schaerbeek area of Brussels, the prosecutor said: 33 pounds of TATP explosives, nearly 40 gallons of acetone, 8 gallons of hydrogen peroxide, detonators, and a suitcase full of nails and screws. Both acetone and hydrogen peroxide are easily obtainable; together they can be used to make potent explosives.

It remained unclear Wednesday how many Americans had been killed in the blasts. In Washington, State Department deputy spokesman Mark Toner said that “approximately a dozen” Americans were injured but that “a number” of U.S. citizens remained unaccounted for on Wednesday — without providing more specific figures. He said that U.S. diplomatic missions in Brussels were working to account for all of their own staff.

Secretary of State John F. Kerry plans to visit Brussels on Friday on his return from a trip to Moscow.

Griff Witte, Missy Ryan, James McAuley and Anthony Faiola in Brussels and Brian Murphy and William Branigin in Washington contributed to this report.

Live updates on the death toll, attack scenes and reactions around the world

Why is Brussels under attack?

At NATO headquarters, alert status raised just miles from attacks

Five stories you should read to understand the Brussels attacks",1
4451,Editorial: Presidential stakes are high for nuclear arsenal - The Boston Globe,"When President Truman approved the use of the world’s first atomic bomb, the weapon first had to be transported to the island of Tinian. Stowed in the hold of the USS Indianapolis in July 1945, the journey from San Francisco took 10 days. Flying time from the airfield to the city of Hiroshima clocked in at about six hours, and the bomb itself fell for 43 seconds before exploding.

These hours, minutes, and seconds of history will be front and center this Friday, when Barack Obama becomes the first sitting US president to visit Hiroshima. Yet aside from anniversaries, Americans don’t think much about nuclear weapons today. Perhaps it is the cultural hangover from the Cold War, which often seemed to test the limits of how much fear societies could endure. Perhaps with the bombing of Hiroshima passing from living memory, we’ve simply lost the vocabulary for talking about the mechanics of midnight, as the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists famously christened the end of the world.

Instead, what is left is the absurdist shorthand: “the finger on the button.” What that cliched phrase means today is this: The US president could order a nuclear strike on, say Moscow, and the 12 million inhabitants there would be incinerated about 15 minutes later.

The apparatus of calamity constructed over the past seven decades is more lethal now than it was in the summer of 1945, and it is far easier to use. Its future is worth considering, especially by those seeking the White House. Today, the United States has more than 7,000 nuclear weapons. Of those, 2,000 are deployed, which means they can be launched on a 15-minute alert on the authority of one human being.

Nine months after Obama’s finger was first placed on the button, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, in part for his stated goals of nuclear nonproliferation. The administration’s deal with Iran and its efforts to get more than a dozen nations to surrender bomb-grade material are important steps toward checking the spread of cataclysmic weapons.

At the same time, however, the Obama administration oversaw the development of the B61 model 12, a new nuclear weapon that is small, accurate, and adaptable. In truth, this is what might be called a contradiction bomb: It is the most expensive nuclear weapon project in history, yet it is intentionally designed to get the least bang for the buck. It is a nuclear weapon that looks and feels and can be used like a conventional smart bomb. This ease — even plausibility — of use is what makes this weapon so dangerous.

The Pentagon is also in the process of taking advantage of the already extreme accuracy of missile warheads by changing their fusing mechanisms so as to increase their ability to successfully destroy the hardest targets by a factor of three. This program will vastly increase the killing power of the entire missile arsenal and, in so doing, create the appearance that the United States is preparing to fight and win a nuclear war against Russia.

Americans today have lots of pressing concerns — paying their bills, paying their debts, deciding whom to vote for. The Atomic Scientists even changed their clock in 2007 to reflect the threat posed by climate change rather than just nuclear annihilation.

The country meanwhile spent its Cold War peace dividend on decades of forgetting the stakes, on trivializing the power of the presidency. After all, what really is an affair with an intern, a torture program, a terrorist attack on a remote embassy, when there’s an immediate and existential threat one push away?

Which brings us to Peak Triviality — Donald Trump’s pursuit of the White House.

Not only did Trump not know the basics of the US nuclear triad (the Pentagon’s land, sea, and air contingent of nuclear forces), he also rejects nonproliferation, a strategy fundamental to Western military thinking since Hiroshima. Conservative military thinker Max Boot calls Trump the country’s top national security threat, though surprisingly few Republicans publicly share that view.

Lest drawing attention to this topic be perceived as fear-mongering, consider this interview Trump sat for in March with Chris Matthews:

TRUMP: Look, nuclear should be off the table. But would there be a time when it could be used, possibly, possibly?

MATTHEWS: OK. The trouble is, when you said that, the whole world heard it. David Cameron in Britain heard it. The Japanese, where we bombed them in ’45, heard it. They’re hearing a guy running for president of the United States talking of maybe using nuclear weapons. Nobody wants to hear that about an American president.

TRUMP: Then why are we making them [nuclear weapons]? Why do we make them?

Just because one political party feels that Trump is the most suitable soul to command the world’s most powerful nuclear arsenal doesn’t mean the wider electorate should lose sight of the stakes.

President Richard Nixon was famous for his “madman” theory of foreign policy, whereby his administration tried to convince leaders of enemy nations that he was mentally unstable and thus not to be antagonized. Should he win in November, Trump will have to go to extraordinary lengths to persuade friend and foe alike that he is both predictable and worthy of trust. The fate of nations may depend on it.",1
2378,Here's why creating single-payer health care in America is so hard,"The Hillary Clinton campaign is taking some hard knocks from liberals over its maladroit attacks on Bernie Sanders’ single-payer proposal. In one sense, the knocks are well-deserved. Even if single-payer markedly lowers medical expenditures, proponents such as Larry Seidman estimate that a tax increase of at least 8 percent of GDP would likely be required to finance it. That’s a heavy political lift. It’s about as much as the entire federal income tax on individuals.

Yet as proponents rightly observe, these taxes would replace many visible and invisible ways we now provide to support a health sector that consume more than 17 percent of our economy. The experience of peer industrial democracies suggests that a well-designed single-payer system would be more humane and markedly less expensive than what we have right now.

Such a system would certainly be less convoluted and bureaucratically hidebound. Aggressively deploying government power to rein in prices, a well-designed single-payer system would be more fiscally disciplined, and would probably be more effective in targeting resources to best promote public health. Sanders deserves credit for noting the real virtues of a well-executed single-payer system.

In another way, though, Clinton's critique raises uncomfortable questions that deserve greater attention. It’s commonplace (though true) to note that single-payer is beyond the current boundaries of American politics. But what if, by some miracle, liberal Democrats won comprehensive victories that created a window of opportunity in which single-payer becomes realistically possible?

Imagine what would happen were President Bernie Sanders to sweep into office backed by a Democratic congressional majority similar to what President Obama enjoyed in 2008. Imagine further that President Sanders were sufficiently fortunate and skilled after that victory to enact a single-payer system. I wonder how different our policy dilemmas would really be from what we now face in implementing the Affordable Care Act.

As I have written at length in the Journal of Health Politics, Policy, and Law (and draw upon here), an American single-payer system would be more complex and kludgy than many proponents have considered or admitted. The source of these problems resides in American politics rather than the technocratic or ideological premises of our health care system. A different system operating through the same political mechanisms would produce similar complexity and kludge.

The pitch for single-payer is admirably simple: We cover every (legal) resident. We mail a Medicare card to everyone. Everyone is covered. That’s a lot easier to explain and market than it is to explain the convoluted structures of Medicaid and state marketplace plans.

This is also a caricature of how such a single-payer plan would be passed and how it would touch the lives of millions of Americans. Single-payer would immediately raise myriad intricate and divisive transition issues. It would potentially uproot thousands of critical arrangements President Obama, Speaker Pelosi, and Sen. Reid struggled to leave intact.

After all, ACA’s sales pitch to the healthy and insured was, ""If you like your insurance, you can keep it."" This pledge proved politically damaging when it could not be fully kept for several million people. Single-payer would be far more disruptive to even more people.

It’s telling that no fully articulated single-payer bill was ever drafted as an alternative to the ACA. Such a bill would have been no less complicated, and would probably have been more encyclopedic than the ACA was. A huge reform that creates millions of winners creates millions of losers, too.

As with ACA, the biggest winners would be relatively disorganized low-income people in greatest need of help. The potential losers would include some of the most powerful and organized constituencies in America: workers who now receive generous tax expenditures for good private coverage, and affluent people who would face large tax increases to finance a single-payer system. At least some of these constituencies would need to be accommodated in messy political bargaining to get single-payer enacted. And states would have a role to play, too, potentially replicating the messy patchwork we got with ACA reforms.

Single-payer would require a serious rewrite of state and federal relations in Medicaid and in many other matters. It would radically revise the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), which strongly influences the benefit practices of large employers. Single-payer would require intricate negotiation to navigate the transition from employer-based coverage. The House and Senate would be in charge of this tension, and at risk of the negotiations among key legislators and committees who hold sway.

Single-payer would be openly or quietly opposed by virtually the entire supply side of the medical economy. We saw this dynamic during the political knife fight over ACA’s ""public option."" Early versions of the public option would have allowed consumers shopping in the state marketplaces to buy into some public insurance modeled on Medicare.

Many stakeholders who supported other aspects of ACA noisily or quietly wanted to see the public option dead. Community hospitals, medical groups, pharmaceutical and medical device companies feared precisely the outcome liberals hoped to see: a viable public insurance product that gained broad acceptance and market share, and that used Medicare’s tremendous market power to discipline providers.

These constituencies understood and dreaded the heavy hand of government across from them at the bargaining table. These constituencies helped to kill the public option. They would be a force to be reckoned with in any political process that seeks to implement a single-payer system.

Given our polarized judiciary, there would be legal and constitutional challenges, too. Whatever fine print of the ACA found its way to the Supreme Court, the real fight concerned the propriety of an expansive federal government that seeks to regulate and humanize a national health care market. Constitutional conservatives reject this vision of American government. A single-payer system would engage even more contentious issues of federalism and the reach of national government.

Some progressives hope that single-payer could provide an attractive replacement for the grubby, path-dependent logrolling that now dominates our $3 trillion health care political economy. No viable single-payer program will replace these grubby politics. That’s logically impossible, because such a program must be produced through that very same process. Barring a historically comprehensive defeat of Republicans at every level of American government, advocates for expanded health coverage will face this discomfiting reality.

Passing a single-payer plan requires precisely the same interest group bargaining and logrolling required to pass the ACA. The resulting policies will thus replicate some of the very same scars, defects, and kludge that bedevil the ACA.

Progressives should still push for basic reforms that improve our current system. I supported the public option in 2009. I still do. I hope it resurfaces in some form, particularly for older participants in the state marketplaces. It may open a pathway to a true single-payer. If it doesn’t — which I suspect it will not — it might still provide a valuable alternative and source of pricing discipline within our pathological health care market.

Whatever policy one supports, we must actually consider how this imperfect and messy process will actually play out. There’s no immaculate conception in American politics.",1
5032,Why Koch and Republican donor network won’t back Trump (+video),"Charles Koch and his network of conservative donors will not be supporting Donald Trump. They are concerned about his lack of support for free markets.

Why Ring magazine named Ali 1966 Fighter of Year – 50 years after the fact

Charles Koch, one of the nation's most prominent conservative donors, will not be financially supporting Republican nominee Donald Trump during the upcoming campaign.

Billionaire Charles Koch and his network of political donors will not be supporting Republican nominee Donald Trump, instead re-directing their focus to supporting Republicans in competitive Senate races.

Mr. Koch has raised concerns about Mr. Trump's stance on the free market. He and his network, which includes influential billionaires and millionaires, has evolved from a small group to a powerful political force with 1,600 staffers spread across 38 states. The group met this week for a weekend retreat near the Rocky Mountains.

Despite not supporting Trump, Koch said the notion he he would support Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was ""a blood libel"", as the Associated Press reported.

""At this point I can’t support either candidate, but I’m certainly not going to support Hillary,"" Koch said.

The Koch network, which has invested hundreds of millions of dollars into politics, planned on pouring a lot of money into the 2016 presidential race. Instead, they will be investing in competitive Senate races, including in Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Florida.

To win the network's support, it is essential that a candidate ""believes in and will fight for free markets,"" Koch told donors behind closed doors, as energy entrepreneur Chris Wright told the Associated Press. The network's first priority should be ""to preserve the country’s financial future and to eliminate corporate welfare,"" Koch said.

""Since it appears that neither presidential candidate is likely to support us in these efforts, we’re focused on maximizing the number of principled leaders in the House and Senate who will,"" he said.

The libertarian-leaning Koch, and his brother David, disagree with Trump on a variety of issues, including immigration, trade, minimum wage, and criminal justice reform.

Trump, who Politico reported tried to mend bridges with the Koch brothers, said July was his best fund-raising month to date and claimed it was he who rebuffed the Koch brothers.

The group's main argument for not supporting Trump, as The Washington Post reported, is that supporting Trump would harm the network's credibility, making it more difficult for them to not support future Republican candidates who also differ sharply from the Koch brothers' positions on free trade and limited government.

The weekend gathering featured donors who pledged to donate $100,000 every year to groups supported by the Kochs' small-government Freedom Partners network.

A wide number of top Republican officials were also in attendance, including Sen. John Cornyn of Texas, Sen. Mike Lee of Utah, Gov. Matt Bevin of Kentucky and Scott Walker of Wisconsin, among others. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan of Wisconsin will address the group on Monday.

The Koch's decision received a mixed reaction from donors, with some saying they were unhappy with both main parties' presidential options.

""Terrible and truly awful are the two choices,"" Mr. Wright told the AP. ""We’re not going to give any money to support Donald Trump.""

Other donors, however, have expressed disappointment at the decision, saying they believe it is incredibly important to defeat Mrs. Clinton.

""I told him that it was very important that Hillary Clinton not get elected,"" Minnesota media mogul Stanley Hubbard said, as the Washington Post reported.

Koch stressed that spreading the values of limited government and free trade were more important than any political election, and that politics was just a piece of the puzzle in promoting those values.

""To address the current political crisis, our first objective is to stop the worst federal policies, regardless of who is the next president,"" Koch said. ""And we’ve got to remember that Republican presidents advance a lot of bad policies, just like Democrats.""

This report includes material from the Associated Press.",1
3058,The Iran Deal and the Cost of Political Polarization | RealClearPolitics,"In just a week or two, Congress will consider (actually, “consider” may be too generous a term in this instance), the negotiated agreement between Iran and the “P5+1” (the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council—the United States, Great Britain, France, Russia, China and Germany), curbing Iran’s nuclear ambitions. The United States and its negotiating allies claim the agreement will prevent Iran from developing an atomic bomb. Opponents say that’s not so.

But—and this may upset people on both sides—the arguments for and against the agreement are not what interest me most. In fact, I am most troubled by what the debate has revealed about the disintegration of our political institutions and traditions, and of the increasing inability of those institutions to function on behalf of the American people and their interests.

Opposition to the Iran nuclear deal has been fomenting for years. Aroused and whipped by Israel’s hardline prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, and his troops in AIPAC (American Israel Public Affairs Committee), congressional Republicans long ago decided to make this a “make or break” showdown with President Barack Obama. Forty-seven GOP senators, led by a young, freshman right-winger from Arkansas, Tom Cotton, even went so far as to write the leaders of Iran disavowing the deal before it was finalized. Few longtime students of the presidency or Congress can remember an affront of similar magnitude or possible consequence—short or long-term. The one that comes closest (even though we didn’t learn about it until decades later, and then only after all the key players were dead), was candidate Richard Nixon’s interference with the Paris Peace Talks (aimed at ending the war in Vietnam) in 1968.

What strikes me, in particular, is that the Republicans’ behavior vis-à-vis the negotiations with Iran stands in sharp contrast to the debate and the votes on the two Panama Canal treaties in 1978.

The Panama Canal issue in the 1970s was every bit as contentious as the situation with Iran is today. Negotiations of the treaties—one guaranteeing the neutral operation of the canal and the second ceding control of the canal to Panama (effective at midnight Dec. 31, 1999)—began in the Nixon administration, continued under President Ford, and were finalized by President Carter in August of 1977.

The uproar from the far right to Carter’s decision was immediate and intense; after all, former California Gov. Ronald Reagan had used the issue to bludgeon Gerald Ford in their fight for the Republican nomination in 1976, and he damn near succeeded (Reagan won the North Carolina primary largely because of the Panama Canal issue, as his chief in-state backer, the late Sen. Jesse Helms, was leader of the opposition).

Once Carter decided that he was going to agree to the treaties’ terms, Vice President Walter Mondale, congressional relations chief (and my boss at the time) Frank Moore, and the president himself divided up a call list of all 100 senators to let them know where things were headed, and to make a simple and singular request: That they not make any public statement, one way or another, until each senator had been briefed by officials from the administration—White House, State Department, Defense and the intelligence community—on the details and ramifications of either acceptance or rejection. Ninety-nine of the 100 agreed to and abided by the request; the only one who refused to do so was North Carolina’s Helms.

The ensuing debate was as vigorous and heated as one might imagine, and it went on for many months. Carter’s chief aide, Hamilton Jordan, orchestrated the administration’s campaign on behalf of ratification. Leading citizens from states whose senators were on the fence or shaky were invited to the White House for briefings and were subsequently dispatched to Capitol Hill to lobby for ratification. Newspaper editors, columnists and commentators were briefed by the president himself. My colleagues on the White House Congressional Liaison staff worked non-stop advocating and counting. Former Presidents Nixon and Ford made calls to key Republican senators; even conservative icon and Hollywood star John Wayne weighed in with his support.

On March 16, 1978, the first of two treaties (guaranteeing neutrality), was ratified by the Senate with only one vote to spare, 68 to 22; the second treaty (the one conveying the canal to Panama) was approved on April 18, 1978, by the exact same number. The vote breakdown is telling: 52 D/16 R “Aye” to 10 D/22 R “No.” Among the “yes” votes was that of Senate Minority Leader Howard Baker (R-Tenn.); Baker not only voted right, but he brought several of his Republican colleagues along with him.

It is important to note, as well, that the administration’s strategy was to reach at least 68 votes, rather than the minimum 67 required, so that no single senator could be accused of being the one who “gave away the Panama Canal.” Even so, many Democrats lost in the 1978 midterm elections and also in 1980, at least in part because of the courageous stand they took on the treaties. It will be interesting to see how political courage plays out on the Iran nuclear agreement; so far at least two Democratic senators, Charles Schumer of New York and Robert Menendez of New Jersey, have failed the test.

Were the votes on the Panama Canal treaties examples of “good old days” in American politics? Perhaps not. But they sure beat the hell out of what we are being subjected to today, and the price our representative democracy is paying as a result.",1
3380,Gowdy reveals subpoena Clinton claims she 'never had',"House Republicans investigating the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, on Wednesday released a March subpoena issued to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton, one day after she said in a nationally televised interview that she ""never had a subpoena"" in the email controversy.

Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., chairman of the Benghazi panel, said he had ""no choice"" but to make the subpoena public ""in order to correct the inaccuracy"" of Clinton's claim.

Clinton told CNN on Monday that she ""never had a subpoena,"" adding: ""Everything I did was permitted by law and regulation.""

Gowdy said the committee issued the March 4 subpoena to Clinton personally after learning the full extent of her use of private emails while serving as secretary of state.

Regardless of whether a subpoena was issued, ""Secretary Clinton had a statutory duty to preserve records from her entire time in office, and she had a legal duty to cooperate with and tell the truth to congressional investigators requesting her records going back to September of 2012,"" Gowdy said in a statement.

The dispute over the subpoena is the latest flashpoint in an increasingly partisan investigation by the House panel, which was created to probe the September 2012 attack in Benghazi that killed four Americans, including the U.S. ambassador.

Gowdy and other Republicans have complained that Clinton and the State Department have not been forthcoming with release of her emails and note that the State Department has said it cannot find in its records all or part of 15 work-related emails from Clinton's private server.

The emails all pre-date the assault on the U.S. diplomatic facility and consist mainly of would-be intelligence reports passed to Clinton by longtime political confidant Sidney Blumenthal, officials said.

Gowdy has said the missing emails raise ""serious questions"" about Clinton's decision to erase her personal server, especially before it could be analyzed by an independent third-party arbiter.

A Clinton campaign spokesman has said she turned over 55,000 pages of materials to the State Department, ""including all emails in her possession from Mr. Blumenthal.""",1
491,"Walgreens to close 200 stores, boost cost cutting","Drugstore chain Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA) announced plans to close about 200 U.S. stores as part of its first earnings report since it merged with European drug retailer Alliance Boots last year.

Walgreens, the largest U.S. drugstore chain, said it will close the stores amid plans to boost its previously announced cost-cutting initiative by $500 million.

Walgreens expects to reduce costs by a projected $1.5 billion by the end of fiscal 2017, the company said.

""After a rigorous analysis, the company has identified additional opportunities for cost savings, primarily in its Retail Pharmacy USA division,"" the company said Thursday. ""Significant areas of focus include plans to close approximately 200 USA stores; reorganize corporate and field operations; drive operating efficiencies; and streamline information technology and other functions.""

Walgreens' spokesman Philip Caruso said the company has not yet decided which stores it will close, but it is ""not focusing on any specific geographic area."" Caruso also said there is ""no hard timeline"" for when the stores will be closed during the period for cost cutting.

The soon-to-be closed stores make up roughly 2% of the Walgreens' 8,232 drugstores in the United States, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Walgreens also said it opened 71 new drugstores in this region in the first half of fiscal 2015, including 25 relocations.

Store closings aside, Walgreens wowed shareholders with strong earnings. Shares jumped $4.94, or 5.6%, to $92.62.

Walgreens said adjusted second-quarter net earnings increased 33.2% to $1.2 billion. Second-quarter sales, meanwhile, increased 35.5% to $26.6 billion.

The U.S. retail pharmacy division, which includes Walgreens and Duane Reade stores, posted sales in the second quarter of $21 billion, up 7.4% over the year-ago quarter. Total sales in stores open at least a year were up 6.9% over the same quarter a year ago.

In December, Walgreens closed on a deal, valued at close to $16 billion, to purchase the remaining stake of European health and beauty retailer Alliance Boots that it didn't already own. The new company, which includes more than 12,800 stores in 11 countries, was renamed Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc., and it took on ticker symbol WBA.",1
4157,Teacher sickout closes most Detroit schools Monday,"All but a handful of Detroit public schools were closed Monday as teachers — angry that the troubled district may not be able to pay them over the summer — staged a sickout.

Ninety-four of the district’s approximately 100 schools were closed, according to an announcement on the district’s Facebook page. More than 40,000 students attend the city’s schools.

Leaders of the Detroit Federation of Teachers learned over the weekend that the district would run out of emergency state funding at the end of June, according to the Detroit News.

[Rats, roaches, mold: Poor conditions lead to teacher sickout, closure of most Detroit schools]

That means that unless the state legislature passes a plan to rescue the system, Detroit Public Schools won’t be able to make payroll over the summer, leaving teachers unpaid for work they did during the school year.

Union officials said that teachers who receive their annual salary in 26 installments risk not being paid for any work they do after April 28.

“There’s a basic agreement in America: When you put in a day’s work, you’ll receive a day’s pay. DPS is breaking that deal,” Ivy Bailey, the union’s interim president, said in a statement. “Teachers want to be in the classroom giving children a chance to learn and reach their potential. Unfortunately, by refusing to guarantee that we will be paid for our work, DPS is effectively locking our members out of the classrooms.”

Teachers rallied at the school system’s headquarters Detroit on Monday morning to “protest the news that Detroit educators will not be paid for their work,” according to a news release.

On Monday evening, the union indicated that the sickout would extend for a second day on Tuesday. “We do not work for free and therefore we do not expect you to report to school tomorrow,” Bailey wrote to members.

The school system has a $515 million operating debt and a total debt that exceeds $3 billion.

Steven Rhodes, the system’s state-appointed emergency manager, warned state lawmakers in early March that the system would run out of cash April 8.

Lawmakers responded with $48.7 million in emergency funding, enough to keep the system afloat until June 30. The Senate passed a longer-term $715 million fix; the House is now debating that plan.

“I am confident that the Michigan Legislature understands the urgency of this situation and will act in a timely manner to ensure that operations of the school district continue uninterrupted,” Rhodes, a retired federal judge, said in a statement. “I am working everyday with policy makers in Lansing to move this legislation forward.”

Rhodes said that it was “unfortunate” that the union had called for a sickout, saying it was “counterproductive and detrimental.”

“I am on record as saying that I cannot in good conscience ask anyone to work without pay,” Rhodes said. “Wages that are owed to teachers should be paid. I understand the frustration and anger that our teachers feel. I am, however, confident that the legislature will support the request that will guarantee that teachers will receive the pay that is owed to them.”

Under Michigan law, teachers may not strike, but Detroit teachers have staged multiple sickouts in recent months to protest the deplorable conditions of the city’s school buildings.",1
2650,Lynch's delayed confirmation vote,The last-ditch effort to stop Donald Trump is gaining momentum.,1
492,Cloudy economy rains on Obama's parade,"According to a transition pool report, the media personalities are as follows: NBC News President Deborah Turness; CNN President Jeff Zucker and network...",1
2419,"High school, middle school kids now use more e-cigs than tobacco: CDC","The number of middle and high school students using electronic cigarettes tripled between 2013 and 2014, according to government figures released Thursday, a startling increase that public health officials fear could reverse decades of efforts combating the scourge of smoking.

The use of e-cigarettes among teenagers has eclipsed the use of traditional cigarettes and all other tobacco products, a development that Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, called “alarming” and “shocking.”

“What’s most surprising is how in­cred­ibly rapid the use of products other than cigarettes has increased,” Frieden said in an interview, adding that some e-cigarette smokers would undoubtedly go on to use traditional cigarettes. “It is subjecting another generation of our children to an addictive substance.”

The results, based on an annual survey of 22,000 students around the country and published Thursday by the CDC, detail a quickly evolving landscape of tobacco products that appeal to teenagers.

Anti-smoking advocates argue that the rise in the popularity of e-cigarettes stems in part from aggressive, largely unregulated marketing campaigns that Frieden said are “straight out of the playbook” of cigarette ads that targeted young people in earlier generations.

“These are the same images, the same themes and the same role models that the cigarette industry used 50 years ago,” said Matt Myers, president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. “It’s the Marlboro Man reborn. It’s the Virginia Slims woman recreated, with the exact same effect. ... This is not an accident.”

But advocates of e-cigarettes -- small devices that heat up flavored, nicotine-laced liquid into a vapor that is inhaled -- say the worries expressed by public health officials are premature and not backed up by data.

Cynthia Cabrera, executive director of the Smoke-Free Alternatives Trade Association, an industry group, said her organization has long supported age restrictions and other measures to keep e-cigarettes out of the hands of minors. But at the same time, she said there’s no definitive evidence e-cigarettes are a “gateway” to using traditional cigarettes and other tobacco products. On the contrary, she said, many teens have tried e-cigarettes in the past already were smokers.

“We need to not lose perspective about the potential these products have to eliminate harm from combusted tobacco,” she said. “I suspect teens experiment with a lot of things. And I suspect anytime someone is not smoking a cigarette, that’s a good thing.”

“The CDC should really be jumping for joy at the fact that smoking rates are declining. This is a huge success,” added Michael Siegel, a professor and tobacco control specialist at Boston University’s School of Public Health. “Instead, they are using this as another opportunity to demonize e-cigarettes.”

Siegel said he agrees that minors shouldn’t have access to any tobacco product. But he said the CDC numbers suggest that rather than serving as a gateway to cigarette smoking, e-cigarette use might be diverting teens from traditional cigarettes, which still kill hundreds of thousands of Americans each year. “That’s a good thing,” he said.

While tobacco giants such as Lorillard and Altria have indeed purchased e-cigarette companies in recent years, Cabrera disputed that those marketing campaigns target underage smokers. And she said the bulk of e-cigarette marketing is still done by hundreds of small companies whose ads on the internet and other platforms target only adults.

“If you’re thinking this is Big Tobacco redux, that’s the wrong thinking,"" she said.

This much seems certain: Teens are experimenting as much as ever. Roughly a quarter of high school students and near 8 percent of middle school students still report using a tobacco product at least once during the past 30 days.

But between 2013 and 2014, the findings show, e-cigarette use among high school students had increased from 4.5 percent to 13.4 percent. Usage also more than tripled among middle school students, according to the findings. Only  among black students was another tobacco product, cigars, more popular than e-cigarettes, the CDC said.

During that same period, the use of hookahs — water pipes that are used to smoke specially made tobacco — roughly doubled for middle and high school students, also eclipsing the use of regular cigarettes.

[Seven things to know about e-cigarettes]

Meanwhile, use of conventional cigarettes sank to the lowest levels in years. According to the CDC, 9.2 percent of high school students and 2.5 percent of middle school students reported smoking a cigarette over the past month.

On the surface, that might seems like good news, given the hundreds of thousands of Americans that still die from smoking each year. And it might be. “The drop in cigarette use is historic, with enormous public health significance,” Myers said. But, he was quick to add, “the explosion of e-cigarette use among kids means these products are being taken up in record numbers with totally unknown long-term consequences that could potentially undermine all the progress we’ve made.”

Last April, the Food and Drug Administration announced that for the first time it would begin to regulate e-cigarettes, which has grown into a multibillion-dollar industry in the United States. The agency said its plan would force manufacturers to curb sales to minors, place health warning labels on their products and disclose the ingredients in e-cigarettes. The initial proposals stopped short of halting online sales of e-cigarettes, restricting television advertising or banning the use of candy and fruit flavorings that critics say are intended to appeal to young smokers.

A year later, the FDA has not finalized any new regulations involving e-cigarettes, though its top tobacco officials said in a statement Thursday the agency still plans to oversee the burgeoning market.

“In today’s rapidly evolving tobacco marketplace, the surge in youth use of novel products like e-cigarettes forces us to confront the reality that the progress we have made in reducing youth cigarette smoking rates is being threatened,” said Mitch Zeller, J.D., director of FDA’s Center for Tobacco Products. “These staggering increases in such a short time underscore why FDA intends to regulate these additional products to protect public health.”

Myers said such action can't come soon enough.

""The failure of the FDA to move more quickly means we have an urgent crisis that needs to be addressed,"" he said. ""In the absence of strong governmental action, these numbers will only keep going up.""",1
1705,"Sanders focuses on gun violence, immigration as 13,000 attend Arizona rally","TUCSON, Ariz. — Presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders made a pair of spirited pitches here Friday night to address continuing gun violence and pass comprehensive immigration reform during a boisterous rally that drew an estimated 13,000 people to a city park.

In a departure from his usual stump speech, which focuses heavily on economic inequality, the senator from Vermont began his remarks by zeroing in on two issues that have been prominent in Arizona — and on which his positions have not always been as liberal as most others.

Sanders, who is heading into Tuesday’s first Democratic debate in a stronger position than most anyone anticipated, referenced two shootings Friday at campuses in Arizona and Texas. In Flagstaff, Ariz., a college freshman was taken into custody after he shot four people, killing one, near a residence hall at Northern Arizona University.

[Bernie Sanders says he is pulling together a plan to address gun violence]

Sanders offered his condolences and prayers, but then added: “We also know that we are tired of condolences, and we are tired of just prayers.”

“The truth of the matter is … the issue of gun violence is not going to be solved easily,” Sanders said, but he said that is no excuse not to seek common-sense solutions and to move the current debate beyond “yelling and demeaning” one another.

Sanders, who represents a state with a deep hunting tradition and little gun control, has a mixed record on the issue, including a vote in 1993 against the landmark Brady Bill. But he has pledged to develop a comprehensive package of reforms to stem violence, including stronger background checks for gun purchases and “a revolution” in the way the country treats mental illness.

[Bernie Sanders to oppose Obama’s nominee to lead the FDA]

On immigration, Sanders sought to connect with a racially mixed crowd in a state with a large Latino population by relaying the story of his father’s arrival in the United States from Poland at age 17 with little money and little ability to speak English.

“My family’s story is a story very similar to many people who are here tonight, and that story is the story of America,” Sanders said, calling it “a story rooted in family and fueled by hope.”

Sanders repeated calls he has made previously to provide legal protection for 11 million undocumented workers in the country and for Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform. And if elected president, he said would take executive actions aimed at keeping families together.

“Our job is to bring families together, not tear them apart,” Sanders said.

Despite his inclusive tone, Sanders has in the past found himself at odds with immigration advocates at times, including a 2007 vote against a comprehensive immigration bill and voicing concerns that “open borders” are a threat to American jobs.

On Friday, he stressed his vote for a 2013 comprehensive immigration bill, and other aspects of his rally suggested a commitment to a path forward on the issue.

Among the speakers who took the stage before Sanders were 10-year-old Bob de la Rosa, who relayed to the audience that his mother had been deported and remains in Mexico.

“She tells me we are separated because she wants me to have a good education,” de la Rosa told a hushed crowd. “Kids like me need our families together.”

A mariachi band entertained the crowd gathered in the city park before Sanders took the stage at an outdoor performance center. Several audience members who sat on the stage behind Sanders held signs that spelled out “VIVA BERNIE.”

Sanders also picked up his first formal endorsement from a sitting member of Congress: Rep. Raul Grijalva, a liberal Democrat whose southern Arizona district that includes Tucson.

Grijalva  is co-chairman of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, which Sanders helped co-found as a House member in 1991. Grijalva is also a member of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and in a position to help Sanders with outreach to Latino voters, one of the challenges confronting his campaign once the contest moves beyond Iowa and New Hampshire.

Grijalva told the crowd he considers Sanders a friend and shares his values.

“It’s way past time that we had a national campaign and a voice that speaks truth to power,” he said.

While the endorsement was a boost to Sanders, it also served as reminder of a big advantage that Hillary Rodham Clinton maintains in the Democratic race even as Sanders has gained or surpassed her in early state polling: More than 100 members of Congress have already endorsed Clinton.

In the nomination process, such party elites are more than just cheerleaders. Roughly one-fifth of the delegates who will pick the Democratic nominee are super delegates — elected officials and other party leaders who are not bound by voting in their states. And to this point, they’ve broken overwhelmingly in Clinton’s direction.",1
1296,What happened to Carly Fiorina's presidential hopes? (+video),"Much about the 2016 campaign has bewildered pundits, but the rise and fall of Carly Fiorina fit a classic pattern.

Will Trump's plan to register Muslims make it to The White House?

Tesla under Trump: How will electric cars fare under the next president?

Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina speaks at the Iowa State Fairgrounds in Des Moines, Iowa, last October. The former business executive announced Wednesday that she had dropped out of the 2016 White House race.

Former tech executive Carly Fiorina quit the GOP presidential race on Wednesday following a disappointing showing in the New Hampshire primary, where she won only about 4 percent of the vote.

“While I suspend my candidacy today, I will continue to travel this country and fight for those Americans who refuse to settle for the way things are and a status quo that no longer works for them,” Ms. Fiorina said in a statement on her Facebook page.

What happened to her campaign? For a brief moment last fall Fiorina was a fast-rising star. Her crisp answers at the first undercard debate earned her a ticket to the main stage, where she shined.

She rocked Donald Trump with a sharp answer to his criticisms of her personal appearance – “I think women all over the country heard what Mr. Trump said,” she said during the debate, when questioned about the incident.

Briefly, she was a top tier candidate. In late September she was in third in polling averages, with around 12 percent of the vote.

But Fiorina never seemed to articulate a vision or distinguish her proposed policies from her rivals. She inveighed against established political elites but released little more than a simple three-page tax plan. Meanwhile, Trump was ramping up the rhetoric on immigration and sucking up vast amounts of media attention.

If Fiorina “had really come up with some interesting policy ideas based on her private sector experience she might have progressed as a candidate,” writes conservative Washington Post commentator Jennifer Rubin.

Fiorina also found herself the target of concerted attacks from Planned Parenthood and some liberals after her description of undercover videos dealing with the organization’s handling of fetal tissues proved to be exaggerated.

All these things took a toll and her time at the top of the polls proved brief. She dropped into the lower tier by the turn of the year and in the Iowa caucuses won only about 2 percent support.

In the end she was a classic boom-and-bust candidate, who is briefly discovered by voters due to some event, zooms up, is subjected to more intense scrutiny, and then collapses. It’s a pattern followed by such 2012 hopefuls as Michele Bachmann and Herman Cain – and in 2016 by Ben Carson as well as Fiorina herself.",1
912,"Cruz dominates, Trump falls short again as more states pick delegates","Ted Cruz dominated the race for delegate seats at weekend Republican meetings nationwide, further positioning the senator from Texas to wrest the GOP presidential nomination from Donald Trump if the contest is decided on later ballots at the Republican National Convention.

In some instances, Cruz supporters won delegate seats in states that Trump won, meaning that in most cases they will be required to vote for the businessman on a first ballot. But if Trump fails to win the nomination in the first round, those Cruz supporters could switch to the senator on subsequent ballots.

The Trump campaign has assured supporters that it would begin performing better in such settings, but it still seems more focused on winning most of the remaining 15 contests through June and securing the 1,237 delegates needed before the Cleveland convention.

Trump still has a commanding lead in delegates — 845 compared with 559 for Cruz, according to the latest tally. That is likely to be padded on Tuesday, when Trump is poised to win primaries in New England and the Mid-Atlantic. Given Cruz's struggles to find traction in ""Acela Primary"" states, he has shifted his focus to Indiana, which votes next month and is seen as the last best chance for the ""Stop Trump"" campaign to stop the front-runner.

[Can Clinton and Trump ride to big victories in next week’s ‘Acela primary’?]

Maine hosted the marquee weekend contest, in which Cruz won 19 of the 20 delegate seats up for grabs. The win sparked a feud with one of Trump's most senior Republican surrogates, Gov. Paul LePage.

The governor claimed that Cruz reneged on an agreement that would have permitted supporters of the three presidential candidates to fill the delegate seats the contenders won in the March caucus. That would have meant 12 seats for Cruz, nine for Trump and two for Ohio Gov. John Kasich.

But LePage said Cruz's team ""lied to us and broke the deal,"" adding that David Sawyer, a Cruz aide who was in the state helping the senator's supporters get elected, ""stabbed us in the back, reneged on the unity slate and betrayed the Maine people.""

""As we have seen throughout the country, Cruz’s national campaign is run by greedy political hooligans,"" he added in a state posted on Facebook. ""These are the same operatives in the Republican Establishment who worked for Mitt Romney to disenfranchise Maine delegates in 2012. They are using sneaky and deceitful operators like Sawyer to try to subvert the democratic process and take all 23 delegates. I can't stand by and watch as Cruz and the Republican Establishment forcibly overrule the votes of Mainers who chose Trump and Kasich.""

But Cruz aides said no agreement had been finalized.

""The guys in the state that helped win the caucus made the decision not to back [LePage's proposal] and put together their own slate,"" said a senior aide to Cruz who was not authorized to speak publicly about the dispute. ""These are the people that represent the interests of Maine, and we're going to stand with the grass-roots activists before we stand with establishment politicians like Govenor LePage.""

[Delegate tracker: The race to the Republican nomination]

Trump deployed former neurosurgeon Ben Carson to woo Maine Republicans, while Cruz sent former businesswoman Carly Fiorina in his absence. A Trump supporter won a delegate slot, while LePage will be one of the state's three at-large delegates.

Republicans also met Saturday at state conventions in Utah and Kentucky while party members met in congressional districts in Minnesota and South Carolina to pick their delegates.

In Utah, another state Cruz won overwhelmingly, 36 of the 37 available delegate seats were won by his supporters. His slate includes Sen. Mike Lee and Rep. Mia Love. Three more seats will be awarded to state party leaders. Cruz gets all 40 votes on the first ballot.

Kentucky's GOP also formally selected 25 delegates, including Gov. Matt Bevin, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Sen. Rand Paul. There was less controversy at the convention in Lexington on Saturday, given that the state party controls the selection process. On the first ballot, the commonwealth's 46 delegates will go this way: Trump (17), Cruz (15), Kasich (seven) and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), who has dropped out of the race but will also be awarded seven delegates. Delegates are free to vote as they choose on subsequent ballots.

In Minnesota, Republicans in three congressional districts elected Cruz supporters for each of the nine seats up for grabs. The state concludes its selection process next month. Rubio won the state, meaning that he will get 17 of Minnesota's votes on the first ballot, while Cruz will get 13 and Trump eight.

And Trump again failed to have his supporters win seats in South Carolina, a state he won overwhelmingly. Cruz grabbed a delegate in the 6th Congressional District, a mostly Democratic area. So did Kasich. The third position went to a publicly uncommitted delegate who privately supports Trump, according to Republicans familiar with the contest. Trump gets all 50 votes on the first ballot.

The arcane process of picking Republican delegates continues next weekend in Alaska, Arkansas, Arizona, Delaware, Missouri and Virginia. The contests in Arizona and Virginia are expected to be most closely watched, given that Trump won the state but Cruz and other anti-Trump forces have recruited candidates to run for open seats.

On policies, Ted Cruz shifts his stance to suit a fractured GOP",1
74,"Racism is “America’s original sin”: Unless we tell the truth about our history, we’ll never find the way to reconciliation","Understanding our own stories about race, and talking about them to one another, is absolutely essential if we are to become part of the larger pilgrimage to defeat racism in America. It is also a biblical story, and now a global story in which we play a central role. We all start with our own stories about race, so I will begin with mine.

Fifty years ago I was a teenager in Detroit. I took a job as a janitor at the Detroit Edison Company to earn money for college. There I met a young man named Butch who was also on the janitorial staff. But his money was going to support his family, because his father had died. We became friends. I was a young white man, and Butch was a young black man, and the more we talked, the more we wanted to keep talking.

When the company’s elevator operators were off, Butch and I would often be the fill-ins. When you operated elevators, the law required you to take breaks in the morning and in the afternoon. On my breaks, I’d go into Butch’s elevator to ride up and down and talk with him. On his breaks, Butch came to ride and talk with me. Those conversations changed the way I saw Detroit, my country, and my life. Butch and I had both grown up in Detroit, but I began to realize that we had lived in two different countries—in the same city.

When Butch invited me to come to his home one night for dinner and meet his family, I said yes without even thinking about it. In the 1960s, whites from the suburbs, like me, didn’t travel at night into the city, where the African Americans lived. I had to get directions from Butch. When I arrived, his younger siblings quickly jumped into my lap with big smiles on their faces, but the older ones hung back and looked at me more suspiciously. Later, I understood that the longer blacks lived in Detroit, the more negative experiences they had with white people.

Butch was very political, and even becoming militant—he always carried a book he was reading, such as Frantz Fanon’s The Wretched of the Earth, stuffed into the back pocket of his khaki janitor’s uniform—but his mom certainly wasn’t. She was much like my own mother, focused on her kids and worried that her son’s ideas would get him into trouble.

As we talked through the evening about life in Detroit, Butch’s mom told me about the experiences all the men in her family—her father, her brothers, her husband, and her sons—had with the Detroit police. Then she said something I will never forget as long as I live. “So I tell all of my children,” she said, “if you are ever lost and can’t find your way back home, and you see a policeman, quickly duck behind a building or down a stairwell. When the policeman is gone, come out and find your own way back home.” As Butch’s mother said that to me, my own mother’s words rang in my head. My mom told all of her five kids, “If you are ever lost and can’t find your way home, look for a policeman. The policeman is your friend. He will take care of you and bring you safely home.” Butch and I were becoming friends. And I remember his mother’s advice to her children as vividly today as I heard those words fifty years ago.

Five decades ago, revelations about race in my hometown turned my life upside down—and turned me in a different direction. Encounters with black Detroit set me on a new path, on which I am still walking. My own white church ignored and denied the problem of race. People there didn’t want to talk about the questions that were coming up in my head and heart—questions that suggested something very big was wrong about my city and my country.

As a teenager, I was listening to my city, reading the newspapers, having conversations with people. I wondered why life in black Detroit seemed so different from life in the white Detroit suburbs. I didn’t know any hungry people or dads without jobs, and I didn’t have any family members who had ever been in jail. Why were all these things happening in the city? Weren’t there black churches in the city too? Why had we never visited them or had them come to visit us? Who was this minister in the south named King, and what was he up to? Nobody in my white world wanted to talk about it—any of it.

All of this drew me into the city to find answers to questions that nobody wanted to talk about at home. When I got my driver’s license at age sixteen, I would drive into the city and just walk around, looking and learning. I took jobs in downtown Detroit, working side by side with black men, and I tried to listen to them. That’s how I met Butch and many young men like him who had grown up in an entirely different city from me—just a few miles away.

In Detroit, I found the answers I was looking for, and I made new friends. I also met the black churches, which warmly took in a young white boy with so many questions and patiently explained the answers. When I came back to my white church with new ideas, new friends, and more questions, the response was painfully clear. An elder in my white church said to me one night, “Son, you’ve got to understand: Christianity has nothing to do with racism; that’s political, and our faith is personal.”

That conversation had a dramatic effect on me; it was a real conversion experience, but one that took me out of the church. That was the night that I left the church I had been raised in and the faith that had raised me—left it in my head and my heart. And my church was glad to see me go.

During my student years I joined the civil rights and antiwar movements of my generation and left faith behind. But that conversation with the church elder was indeed “converting,” because it led me to the people who would later bring me back to my Christian faith—“the least of these” whom Jesus talks about in Matthew 25, which would ultimately become my conversion text.

How we treat the poorest and most vulnerable, Jesus instructs us in that Gospel passage, is how we treat him: “Just as you did it to one of the least of these . . . you did it to me” (v. 40). My white church had missed that fundamental gospel message and, in doing so, had missed where to find the Jesus it talked so much about. My church, like so many white churches, talked about Jesus all the time, but its isolated social and racial geography kept it from really knowing him.

At the same time, black churches were leading our nation to a new place. Their more holistic vision of the gospel was transforming my understanding of faith, and my relationship to the churches was forever changed.

I had to leave my white home church to finally discover Christ himself and come back to my faith. In doing so, I discovered something that has shaped the rest of my life: I have always learned the most about the world by going to places I was never supposed to be and being with people I was never supposed to meet. What I discovered by driving from the white suburbs to the city of Detroit every day, and going into neighborhoods and homes like Butch’s, were some truths about America that the majority culture didn’t want to talk about—truths that are always more clearly seen from the bottom of a society than from the top. This different perspective continues to change me, and Matthew 25 continues to be my conversion passage.

As a teenager, I didn’t have the words to explain what happened to me that night with my church elder, but I found them later: God is always personal, but never private. Trying to understand the public meaning of faith has been my vocation ever since. How that personal and public gospel can overcome the remaining agendas of racism in America is the subject of this book.

Much Has Changed, but Much Still Hasn’t

A half century later, much has changed. Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. and the black churches of America led a civil rights movement that changed the country and impacted the world. The historic Civil Rights Act passed in 1964 and the Voting Rights Act in 1965. Black elected officials moved into office around the country for the first time since Reconstruction. And Barack Obama was elected the first black president of the United States and reelected four years later. African Americans have achieved much in every area of American society, from law and medicine to business and labor, from education and civil service to entertainment, sports, and, always, religion and human rights. A new generation, of all races, is more ready for a diverse American society than any generation has ever been.

But much still hasn’t changed. Too many African Americans have been left behind without good education, jobs, homes, and families—and these factors are all connected. Perhaps most visibly and dramatically, the treatment of black men by police and a still-racialized criminal justice system in America became a painful and controversial national issue over the last few years, making visible what has been true for decades. The cases of Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida; Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri;

Eric Garner in New York; Tamir Rice in Cleveland; and Freddie Gray in Baltimore, along with countless other black men whose names didn’t receive national attention, have provoked a raw and angry racial debate in our nation. As I finish the final edits on this book, yet another story has drawn national attention, this time involving a young black woman named Sandra Bland, who was on her way to take a new job at Prairie View A&M University, her alma mater in Texas, until she was arrested in a routine traffic stop and died three days later in police custody.

The facts in specific cases are often in great dispute. But the reality that young black men and women are treated differently than are young white men and women by our law enforcement system is beyond dispute. A half century after my relationship with my friend Butch’s family, there is still not equal treatment under the law for black and white Americans. And that is the great moral and religious failure we must now address.

I feel a deep sadness at recent revelations that show how deep our racial divides still go. The stories of young black men, in particular, are still so different from the stories of my young white sons. As a dad who is also a person of faith, I believe that is an unacceptable wrong it is time to right.

All the black parents I have ever spoken to have had “the talk” with their sons and daughters. “The talk” is a conversation about how to behave and not to behave with police—“Keep your hands open and out in front of you, don’t make any sudden movements, shut your mouth, be respectful, say ‘sir,’” as my friend and regular cab driver, Chester Spencer, said he told his son. “The talk” is about what to do and say (and what not to do and say) when you find yourself in the presence of a police officer with a gun.

White parents don’t have to have this talk with their kids. That’s a radical difference between the experiences of black and white parents in America. Why do we continue to accept that? As a Little League baseball coach, I know that all the parents of the black kids I have coached have had the talk, while none of the white parents have had such conversations with their children. And most white parents don’t have a clue about those talks between their children’s black teammates and their parents.

It’s important now that we white people begin to understand “the talk.” Even white couples who have adopted black sons and daughters have that same conversation with their kids. As a white dad, that is a talk I don’t need to have with my two white sons, Luke and Jack, who are now ages sixteen and twelve. The fact that most white parents don’t know that this talk is even occurring is a big problem. Not being able to trust the law enforcement in your community—especially in relationship to our own children—is a terrible burden to bear. The stark difference in the way young black men and women are treated by police and our criminal justice system compared to white children is a deeply personal and undeniable structural issue for every black family in American society. For many white Americans, the tragic deaths of young black men at the hands of white police officers are “unfortunate incidents” that can be explained away. But for most black families, they are indicative of systems they have lived with their entire lives. Therein lies the fundamental difference: a radical contrast in experience and, therefore, perspective. If the mistreatment of young black men by law enforcement officials is true, if black lives are worth less in our criminal justice system than white lives are, then this is a fundamental and unacceptable wrong that it is time to correct. I know it is true. The overwhelming evidence on the operations of our criminal justice system proves it is true, even beyond the individual facts of particular cases. Believing that black experience is different from white experience is the beginning of changing white attitudes and perspectives. How can we get to real justice if white people don’t hear, understand, and, finally, believe the real-life experience of black people? Families have to listen to other families. If white children were treated in the ways that black children are, it would not be acceptable to white parents; so the mistreatment of black children must also become unacceptable to those of us who are white dads and moms. The old talk is still necessary—and it’s time to start talking together. If we do, I believe we can change the underlying patterns of personal and social prejudice that hold up the larger structural injustices in our society. The best way to change that old talk that black parents have with their children is to start a new talk between white and black parents. These conversations will make people uncomfortable, and they should. White parents should ask their black friends who are parents whether they have had “the talk” with their children. What did they say? What did their children say? How did it feel for them to have that conversation with their children? What’s it like not to be able to trust law enforcement in your own community? Pay attention, read, listen. If you are white and have African American colleagues at work or friends at your church, ask them to talk with you about this, to tell you their stories—then listen. If you don’t have any black people or other people of color in your church, it’s time to ask why. Reach out, and ask your pastor to reach out, to black and Latino churches in your community. We must find safe and authentic ways to hear one another’s stories across the racial boundaries that insulate and separate us from others. Reach out sensitively to black parents at your children’s schools. Ask to hear their stories. Talk to the black parents of your children’s teammates if they play a sport. Or maybe it’s time to realize that not having children of color at your children’s school or on their teams is a big part of the problem. Parents talking to parents and hearing one another’s stories may be one of the most important ways of moving forward in the church and in the nation. But white Americans must also take responsibility for their self-education and preparation before these talks so as to not put the whole burden of their learning on their colleagues and friends of color. White people need to stop talking so much—stop defending the systems that protect and serve us and stop saying, “I’m not a racist.” If white people turn a blind eye to systems that are racially biased, we can’t be absolved from the sin of racism. Listen to the people the criminal justice system fails to serve and protect; try to see the world as they do. Loving our neighbors means identifying with their suffering, meeting them in it, and working together to change it. And, for those of us who are parents, loving our neighbors means loving other people’s kids as much as we love our own. To put this in a religious context: overcoming the divisions of race has been central to the church since its beginning, and the dynamic diversity of the body of Christ is one of the most powerful forces in the global church. Our Christian faith stands fundamentally opposed to racism in all its forms, which contradict the good news of the gospel. The ultimate answer to the question of race is our identity as children of God, which we so easily forget applies to all of us. And the political and economic problems of race are ultimately rooted in a theological problem. The churches have too often “baptized” us into our racial divisions, instead of understanding how our authentic baptism unites us above and beyond our racial identities. Do we believe what we say about the unity of “the body of Christ” or not? The New Testament speaks of the church as one body with many members. For just as the body is one and has many members, and all the members of the body, though many, are one body, so it is with Christ. . . . For the body does not consist of one member but of many. . . . As it is, there are many parts, yet one body . . . that there may be no discord in the body, but that the members may have the same care for one another. If one member suffers, all suffer together; if one member is honored, all rejoice together. (1 Cor. 12:12, 14, 20, 25–26 RSV) Another version of 1 Corinthians 12:26 reads, “If one part of the body suffers, all the other parts share its suffering” (GW). What would it mean to share in the suffering of our brothers and sisters of color who are subjected to a racialized criminal justice system? So let’s be honest. As I said in the introduction to this book, if white Christians in America were ready to act more Christian than white when it comes to race, black parents would be less fearful for their children. Racial healing is a commitment at the heart of the gospel. If we say we belong to Christ, that mission of reconciliation is ours too. What does racial healing and reconciliation mean in the face of America’s racial divide over policing and the criminal justice system? Churches, in particular, can offer leadership in navigating us through these difficult issues. The United States has the most racial diversity of any country in the world. This diversity is essential to our greatness, but it has also given us a history of tension and conflict. It has always been the resolving and, ultimately, the reconciling of those tensions that makes us “a more perfect union.” However, that cannot happen when we ignore, deny, or suppress our racial history and journey; it can occur only when we talk about it, engage it, embrace it, and be ready to be transformed by it. Ironically and tragically, American diversity began with acts of violent racial oppression that I am calling “America’s original sin”—the theft of land from Indigenous people who were either killed or removed and the enslavement of millions of Africans who became America’s greatest economic resource—in building a new nation. The theft of land and the violent exploitation of labor were embedded in America’s origins. Later immigration of other racial minorities was also driven—at least in part—by the need for more cheap labor. Therefore, our original racial diversity was a product of appalling human oppression based on greed. Many people have come to America, involuntarily in chains or voluntarily in the hope of a better life. And our great diversity is the key to our brightest and most transforming future. Indeed, it has already been one of America’s greatest contributions to the world. I believe that most police are good cops, but it would take more than a few “bad apples” to produce all the stories that almost every black person in America has about their experience with the police. Those stories are about a system, a culture, old structures and habits, and continuing racial prejudice, and how the universal but complex relationship between poverty and crime is made worse by racism. All of that can and must change with reforms that begin with better training and transparency and more independent prosecution in incidents of lethal police violence—and end with making police more relational and accountable to the diverse communities they serve. But underneath the flaws and injustices of the criminal justice system is our unfinished business of challenging and ending racism, an agenda that is not finished and never will be. We are not now, nor will we ever be, a “postracial” society. We are instead a society on a journey toward embracing our ever-greater and richer diversity, which is the American story. The path forward is the constant renewal of our nation’s ideal of the equality of all our citizens under the law—which makes the American promise so compelling, even though it is still so far from being fulfilled. Our highest and most inspirational points as a nation have been when we have overcome our racial prejudices; our lowest and ugliest points have been when we have succumbed to them. In 2013, Time magazine did a cover story on the fiftieth anniversary of the “I Have a Dream” speech. In it, Time rightly said that Martin Luther King Jr. is now understood to be a “father” of our nation because he helped shape its course as much as the founding fathers did. King and the movement he led opened a new door of opportunity for the future of America. But as we are becoming, for the first time, a country with no single racial majority—having been from our beginnings a white-majority nation—we stand at another door, which many white Americans are still very fearful of passing through. Race is woven throughout the American story and each of our own stories. All of our stories can help to change the racial story of America. I hope you will join me in this hard but critical—and ultimately transforming—conversation. Only by telling the truth about our history and genuinely repenting of its sins, which still linger, can we find the true road to justice and reconciliation. Excerpted from “America’s Original Sin: Racism, White Privilege, and the Bridge to a New America” by Jim Wallis. Copyright © 2016 by Jim Wallis. Excerpted by permission of Brazos Press.",1
269,Kevin McCarthy is a total dope: This bumbling yahoo is about to be second in line to the presidency,"But then the sobering realization sets in: these are elected members of perhaps most prestigious governing body in the world.

Let this sink in for a moment: each of these dolts is chosen by voters to be one of 535 elites who are tasked with authoring and voting on legislation that impacts the entire country and beyond. Think about that. Louie Gohmert, who once said the “wall of separation” between church and state is “a one way wall,” whatever the hell that means, gets to vote on laws that could potentially and irreversibly alter the course of your life.

Our only possible defense against being utterly confounded and horrified by the power granted to men and women who have no business wielding such power, is to laugh at their flaming stupidity. Otherwise, it’d be way too easy lapse into inextricable despair and, in some cases, moron-induced alcoholism.

In spite of the rapid dumbing-down of the GOP (see also Mr. Trump), they continue to churn out more dummies.

Enter Kevin McCarthy. The Bakersfield, California Republican is the most likely conservative white-guy to ascend into John Boehner’s post as Speaker of the House. And he shouldn’t have been allowed anywhere near Congress, much less a leadership post.

By now, we’re all aware of McCarthy’s admission that the congressional select committee investigating the 2012 Benghazi attacks is almost exclusively designed to undermine Hillary Clinton’s presidential aspirations.

They say gaffes are merely the truths spoken out loud. This was certainly the case with McCarthy. By the way, we should underscore at this point how McCarthy isn’t just another ambitious member of Congress. He’s the House Majority Leader. So, yes, the House Majority Leader accidentally spilled the beans on one of the longest running scams in congressional history — one of the biggest wastes of taxpayer money since Ken Starr’s probe into President Clinton’s pants-parties.

Either McCarthy is incapable of reading, or he has the worst speech-writing staff in the history of American politics — and that includes Sarah Palin’s self-authored Patriotic Mad Libs. Three days after Boehner announced his resignation from Congress, McCarthy was propped up for a foreign policy speech before the John Hay Initiative. The ostensible goal was to burnish McCarthy’s political heft, but the exact opposite happened and, frankly, even the dumbest Republicans ought to be embarrassed to caucus with this idiot.

Here are some highlights:

War of radical Islam? “On” or “against” makes more sense, of course. And shouldn’t it be “lives” and not “life?” Honestly, the rest of the quotes will make this passage seem comparatively Shakespearean.

There’s no such phrase as “stem a flow.” There’s something called “stemflow.” One can also stem the flow of something, which is possibly what he meant. But “politically strategy” is just ridiculous.

“We have isolated Israel, while bolding places like Iran.” “The absence of leadership over the past six years has had a horrific consequences all across the globe.” Was anyone fired for this? How the hell is he still a contender for Speaker? “In the past few years alone, I have visited Poland, Hungria, Estonia, Russia and Georgia…” Hungria. Which is north of Freedonia and adjacent to that fake island where Balki from “Perfect Strangers” came from. “It defies belief that the president would allow the ban on Iranian oil exports to be lifted. And also stand by while Russia blackmails an entire continent, all the while keeping the place of the band on America.” I have no idea what any of that means. Which continent? Let’s get real here: we should amend the Constitution so that when any elected politician mutilates the English language this badly, their desk chair turns into an ejector-seat that summarily launches them out of Congress. Let’s get on this now before it’s too late. “We don’t have the same as difficult decision that this White House is managing the decline and putting us in tough decisions for the future.” To be fair, gaffes are part of being a public figure. Spend enough time in front of a microphone and weird crap will inevitably fall out. However, a “stem a flow” of gaffes like this is inexcusable for a leader who’s stepping into an office that’s two heartbeats away from the presidency. Again, was it his speechwriter? Was he unable to read the prepared remarks? Why was he incapable of correcting the remarks on-the-fly? Was he having a stroke? Even the party of George W. Bush and Sarah Palin should, in a sane world, stand up and in a unified voice block this nincompoop from becoming Speaker. They won’t, of course, and Boehner will likely hand his gavel over to the guy who, with a straight face, said he visited a place called “Hungria.” The good news, on the other hand, is that we’ll all have another GOP doofus to kick around for a while. Silver linings, etc. Ever since Karl Rove and the Bush administration systematically altered the political landscape making it perfectly acceptable to be completely incompetent and still get re-elected by low-information voters who think politicians shouldn’t be any smarter than the people who elect them: we’ve mostly settled for idiots. Sadly, the demystification of the presidency and electoral politics has convinced us that anyone can hold these jobs and that leaders should be “just like us.” Sorry, but the guy you might want to have a beer with shouldn’t control the nuclear launch codes or the destiny of the free world. We should demand leaders who are devastatingly smart, engaged, disciplined, centered and intellectually curious. We should be gravitationally drawn to leaders with impeccable schooling and robust speaking skills. The salient question is this: Why don’t Republicans want the same? Why are they so willing to settle for feckless trolls like Donald Trump or marble-mouthed dilettantes like Kevin McCarthy? It might be somewhat acceptable if they actually took responsibility for putting us all in tough decisions for the future, but the party of personal responsibility will never do that. And it’s hurting America.",1
3339,Top Clinton aide Mills reportedly walks out of FBI interview about emails,"Senior Hillary Clinton aide Cheryl Mills and her lawyer walked out of a recent interview with the FBI about Clinton's private email system after an investigator asked a question Mills believed to be off limits, according to a published report.

The Washington Post said that Mills and her lawyer, Beth Wilkinson, returned to the interview room after a brief absence. However, the Post reported that Mills and Wilkinson asked for breaks during the interview to confer more than once.

According to the paper, the FBI investigator's questions that caused Mills and Wilkinson to walk out were related to the procedure used to produce emails for possible public release by the State Department. Mills ultimately did not answer questions about it because her attorney and Justice Department prosecutors deemed it confidential under attorney-client privilege.

The FBI is currently investigating possible gross mishandling of classified information and Clinton's use of an unsecured personal account exclusively for government business. Investigators have already interviewed two of Clinton's top aides, Mills and Huma Abedin, and hope to be able to interview Clinton herself as they wrap up the case.

Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic Presidential nomination, told CBS' ""Face the Nation"" Sunday that she had not yet been contacted by the FBI to arrange an interview.

On Tuesday, the conservative legal advocacy group Judicial Watch said it had obtained emails showing that a top Clinton political aide pushed the State Department to hire Bryan Pagliano, who helped manage Clinton's personal email server.

The emails show that State Department Undersecretary for Management Patrick F. Kennedy, a key figure in the Benghazi investigation, was involved in Pagliano's hire. The emails also appear to show members of the State Department's IT division questioning why Pagliano, a political appointee who had worked on Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign, would be assigned to that office.

""[Kennedy] specifically said we didn't need to be [political appointees], but it sure sounds like we do,"" one email reads.

In court documents made public Monday, the State Department said it could not find any emails sent to or received by Pagliano during Clinton's tenure as secretary of state, which lasted between 2009 and 2013.

Click for more from The Washington Post.",1
3342,The quiet global crisis that scares the State Department,"A big new State Department assessment has identified a major threat to global security. It's not ISIS or Vladimir Putin. It's not a rickety global economy or climate change or the threat of global pandemics.

Instead, the report argues, these individual problems are symptoms of a much bigger issue — namely, a slow breakdown in global governance. Many of the institutions that were created in the past century to deal with economic and security risks around the world, such as the UN and IMF, may no longer be adequate to the task.

If the authors of the report are right, then the world's biggest problems are all really about this one big thing.

The report, called the Quadrennial Diplomacy and Development Review, was tasked with a broad review of State Department policies. The point was ""not looking at the crisis of the day,"" Tom Perriello, the State Department official tasked with leading the QDDR, said in a press briefing. Instead, the report is ""trying to connect the dots across the crises, and then saying what can we learn across the dynamics that we can see.""

Much of what the report's authors saw was quite good. ""Seventy years ago, a bipartisan group of visionary Americans forged a system of modern international institutions, as well as economic and security arrangements, aimed at preventing another catastrophic world war and addressing acute human suffering,"" they write. ""This system enabled the peaceful end of the Cold War, a wave of democratization, and unprecedented improvement in the basic human condition around the globe.""

That's all true. But the QDDR worries that these institutions — things like the UN and the IMF — aren't adequate for dealing with the specific kinds of problems we see today. The UN may help the big countries cooperate with each other, but it can't stop ISIS or Syria's civil war. Nor has it been able to lock in a big new international agreement on climate change.

Together, these problems show that ""aspects of that post-World War II system are fraying."" Sometimes, it's because a hostile power is actively challenging them — Russia, for example, is actively trying to weaken the NATO-dominated regional order in Europe.

Other times, it's that these institutions are having trouble developing good answers for particular kind of problems. It's not clear, for example, how global institutions can repair failed states and stop civil wars in places like Libya and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Regardless, the basic point is the same: the institutions that have made the world the safest and most prosperous place it's ever been are becoming less capable of following through on their mission. The more they degrade, the argument goes, the more danger the United States — and the world — will be in.

These arguments aren't new: academics have been making them for years. But what's interesting about their position in the QDDR is that they seem to represent the US government's actual view about the world's biggest problems.

It's no accident that the QDDR's section on priorities begins with a quote from Obama's 2014 speech to the UN General Assembly — the address was framed around an almost identical diagnosis about the need to reform global institutions in light of new challenges. ""If we lift our eyes beyond our borders, if we think globally and act cooperatively,"" Obama said, ""we can shape the course of this century as our predecessors shaped the post–World War II age."" Sound familiar?

But the QDDR goes beyond Obama's speech. It identifies four areas — preventing violent conflict and extremism, spreading democracy, promoting global economic growth, and climate change — in which the State Department needs to focus its efforts. ""Each of these priorities is based on the need for better governance across the world,"" Secretary of State John Kerry said at a presser. ""They're all linked.""

The QDDR proposes a number of ways to improve its focus on these issues. For instance, it proposes a new investment on data-driven forecasting designed to predict conflicts and mass atrocities. If State Department diplomats have a better way of knowing countries are most at risk of serious violence, the theory goes, they can know where to invest resources in order to prevent those conflicts from getting worse.

These solutions feel very small-bore compared with the scale of the problems identified by the QDDR. The report doesn't have a big plan for reforming the UN to deal with failed states, nor does it propose a groundbreaking strategy for breaking the global impasse on a climate change agreement.

That's by design. The QDDR, as an exercise, is designed to improve the way the State Department works as an organization. About one-third of the report, for example, is focused on hiring and personnel management. The whole point of the exercise is to identify what the State Department can do better without radically transforming American foreign policy priorities or proposing pie-in-the-sky new budgets that Congress will never approve.

And that's what makes the QDDR really interesting. A massive amount of government work involves identifying huge problems, like the breakdown of global governance, and then trying to implement a few small-bore strategies to chip away at the big problem. The QDDR is an unusually clear account of how that process actually works: of how small policy proposals and reforms fit into the bigger picture of American foreign policy.",1
3769,Camden Yards briefly closed off as Freddie Gray protests intensify in Baltimore,"Protests in Baltimore on Saturday got intense and, on occasion, violent as demonstrators banded together to rally for answers and justice after Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old black man, died of a spinal injury after being arrested by Baltimore police.

A day of largely peaceful protests was marred by occasional skirmishes between small groups of protesters and police and some destruction of property. As a result, police briefly closed off Camden Yards baseball stadium in Baltimore, where a Baltimore Orioles and Boston Red Sox game was ongoing. People at the game were stuck inside the stadium until police gave the all-clear.

Before Camden Yards was closed off, here's some of what was happening in Baltimore Saturday, according to some of the journalists on the scene:",1
156,8 Things Congress Actually Did This Year,"8 Things Congress Actually Did This Year

When Republicans took over both chambers of Congress in January, party leaders vowed they would prove to the country that Republicans could govern. They promised to stop with the self-made crises, such as government shutdowns, and rack up legislative accomplishments. So in the first year of a GOP-controlled Congress in nearly a decade, how well did Republicans prove they can govern?

First, there were no government shutdowns or defaults on the national debt. Immediately after the midterm election in 2014, both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker John Boehner promised there wouldn't be any shutdowns or defaults on their watch. Turns out they made good on that promise this year.

But Democrats aren't exactly congratulating them for it. ""That's like saying, 'You know, they didn't blow the top off the Capitol, so clearly Republican leadership is in touch with America.' No, it takes more than that,"" said Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois.

Nonetheless, it is fair to say that the widely held assumption Congress gets nothing done doesn't exactly fit this year. There was an uptick in bipartisan activity in this Republican-controlled Congress in 2015, but if you ask Democrats why that was, they'll say it's because they were a more cooperative minority than Republicans were when Democrats controlled the Senate — and that they cooperated on legislation that bolstered Democratic goals.

Whether or not keeping the government open counts as an accomplishment, here are eight legislative matters Congress did address in 2015 — and some issues that remain unresolved:

Trillion-Dollar Government Funding Bill: Right before they split for the holidays, lawmakers passed a trillion-dollar spending bill that will keep the government open until the end of next September. The measure also beefed up cybersecurity and renewed a health care program for Sept. 11 first responders. It also made changes to the visa waiver program so people who have traveled to Iraq, Iran, Syria and Sudan in the past five years will face greater scrutiny if they wish to enter the U.S.

Tax Extenders: Paired with the government spending bill was a measure containing hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks. Year after year, Congress has had to extend dozens of tax breaks that expire. In this measure, lawmakers made permanent the most popular tax breaks, such as the $1,000 child tax credit, the earned income tax credit for low- and moderate-income workers, and the research and development tax credit.

Two-Year Budget Agreement: Right before Boehner left office, he managed to reach a two-year budget deal with the White House and other congressional leaders. The agreement suspends the debt ceiling through March 2017 and increases spending by $80 billion over the next two years — an increase that's split evenly between defense and domestic programs.

No Child Left Behind Rewrite: Congress easily passed legislation to rewrite the 2002 No Child Left Behind Act. Federally mandated math and reading tests will continue, but the new law cedes greater authority to states, rather than the federal government, to figure out how to use the test results in evaluating schools.

Five-Year Transportation Bill: Congress passed its first long-term bill in a decade to fund roads, bridges and mass transit systems. The measure does not raise the gas tax, currently at 18.4 cents per gallon, but found other sources of funding — such as changing customs fees and dipping into funds from the Federal Reserve.

Ended The NSA's Bulk Surveillance Program: Lawmakers passed the USA Freedom Act, which ended the government's bulk collection of phone records. Passage of the measure came after Republican senator and presidential candidate Rand Paul of Kentucky forced a two-day shutdown of the bulk collection program.

Trade Promotion Authority: Congress approved a measure to give the president expedited authority to enter a trade deal with 11 other Pacific Rim countries. Attention now turns to the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, which Congress is expected to consider next year — possibly after the election is over.

Medicare Reform: Known as the ""Doc Fix"" bill, this measure permanently ended automatic Medicare payment cuts to physicians. Under a law from the late 1990s, Medicare payments to doctors would be cut to keep the program's budget in check. Since then, Congress had failed every year to figure out a long-term solution to the problem.

Still, so many issues remain unresolved — not because lawmakers think they're unimportant but because partisan divisions on these ideological issues are so deep, they can't find common ground. Congress seems happy to take these issues to the voters in 2016.

Guns: After a spate of gun-related tragedies in 2015, Democrats vowed to push for gun control legislation, such as measures to expand background checks and prohibit individuals whose names are on terrorist watch lists from purchasing firearms. Both measures failed in the Senate in 2015, as in past years.

Immigration: The Senate managed to pass a comprehensive immigration overhaul package in 2013, but attempts to move the legislation through the House failed. Efforts to resurrect immigration legislation have since languished.

Tax Reform: After the midterm election, corporate tax reform was seen as a possible area Republicans and Democrats could work together on. But at his year-end news conference, McConnell expressed pessimism about getting any tax reform accomplished with a Democrat in the White House, saying that any tax changes need to be revenue-neutral and he doubted the president would go for that.",1
4115,Why Congress Doesn't Really Worry About What Most Americans Think,"Why Congress Doesn't Really Worry About What Most Americans Think

With each week, we have come to expect another jarring outrage from the self-proclaimed Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, the new breed of terrorists that is redefining terror.

News of the group's murder of nearly two dozen Egyptian Christians captured in Libya has topped even the horrors of the previous weeks, when the world watched a Jordanian fighter pilot burned alive in a cage and the tragedy of aid worker Kayla Mueller dying as an ISIS hostage. These events followed the videotaped beheadings of several other Western civilians in recent weeks amid a relentless campaign to recruit fresh blood from Muslim communities the world over.

Described as apocalyptic, fanatic and medieval, the Islamic State has supplanted al-Qaida in the imagination of Islamist radicals and in the nightmares of the West. Small wonder, then, that President Obama is seeking specific authority to raise the stakes. Even this commander-in-chief, so widely known for his restraint and for downplaying dangers, is ready to follow in the footsteps of the two Presidents George Bush. Like them, he is asking Congress for a clear Authorization for Use of Military Force. It is hard to imagine a path from the past he would less like to tread.

Remarkably, however, the otherwise war-weary American people seem to be on board. Even after more than a dozen years of combat in Afghanistan and a disheartening and drawn out struggle in Iraq, this country appears willing to return to the field for yet one more ""war on terror.""

The latest CNN poll says 78 percent of Americans are in favor of authorizing further actions against the Islamic State. Such an authorization, or AUMF, would be the first since President George W. Bush got one (his second) in the fall of 2002 and used it to invade Iraq.

Stunning as that number may be, it follows another sounding by CNN that showed more than 80 percent supporting the request. Another poll by NBC News and Marist College has just found that even when the Obama name is attached to the question, only 32 percent of respondents object. And an amazing two thirds of the respondents were ready to commit at least some ground troops to defeating the Islamic State.

Yet there is one group of Americans that is having far more trouble deciding how it feels about granting the president an AUMF. And that group is Congress.

Even with the latest atrocities reverberating in the media, the most common posture on the Hill has been standoffish. Many Republicans clearly favor stronger action than the president has taken to date, but they regard the current request as flawed and the president's leadership as lacking. They want him to ask, but they want him to ask for more.

Then you have the Democrats who think the three-year time frame envisioned by Obama is hopelessly broad and who blanch at any thought of a ground combat commitment. That is why the White House has explicitly abjured ""enduring offensive ground combat operations,"" quite possibly a reference to George W. Bush's ""Operation Enduring Freedom"" in Afghanistan (now the longest military engagement in U.S. history).

It may strike many as remarkable that, even with the enormities being witnessed in the Middle East, Congress can maintain its distance from the president. This is all the more stunning given the institutional interest Congress has in sharing the war power.

After all, a large part of the current public support for an AUMF is a clear preference for some kind of process and orderly decision-making before the next wave of U.S. personnel is sent in harm's way. Hardly anyone is happy about this president or any other launching a thousand airstrikes on his own.

In 2002, Congress held days of debate before authorizing what became the invasion of Iraq. In the fall of 2001, just days after the terror attacks of Sept. 11, Democrats in Congress still wanted to set some limits on the first phase of U.S. military response.

And in 1991, when the first President Bush already had several hundred thousand troops poised to smite Saddam Hussein in Kuwait, both chambers held lengthy and dramatic debates in the first two weeks of January before giving their wary assent.

In each of these cases, Congress showed a healthy awareness of the larger public debate going on around them. The individual member had to weigh his or her own conscience in the midst of that soul-searching exercise.

Today, Congress seems quite different. The heightened partisanship cemented in Congressional district lines has created safe havens where most Republicans and Democrats no longer worry about pleasing anyone other than primary voters. If the primary voter goes with the incumbent, the incumbent is almost certain to go back to Washington.

In the GOP, in particular, the risk now seems entirely in the intraparty struggle. Ask Eric Cantor, the Virginia Republican who a year ago was expected to be the next Speaker of the House. His political career came to a sudden halt when his Richmond-area district decided he wasn't really Their Guy anymore.

Primaries such as Cantor's throw a permanent chill into every member in both chambers, regardless of seniority or party standing. Republican districts are now more Republican than ever, and most Democratic districts are more Democratic than ever. As fewer and fewer members have ""swing districts,"" the necessity of constant partisan emphasis grows worse and worse. Even the notion of compromise becomes hazardous.

For most members today, the kind of public opinion measured by CNN or Gallup or NBC News is just too broad and diverse and dispersed to matter. The audience that must be served is the far narrower one that cares about party and policy and issues — and works to elect candidates as devoted to their ideology and as hostile to the other party as they themselves are.",1
4591,"Trump wins presidency, defeats Clinton in historic election upset","Donald Trump, defying the pundits and polls to the end, defeated Hillary Clinton in Tuesday’s presidential election and claimed an establishment-stunning victory that exposes the depth of voter dissatisfaction – and signals immense changes ahead for American policy at home and abroad.

Seventeen months after the billionaire tycoon’s Trump Tower entrance into the race, the first-time candidate once dismissed by the political elite will become the 45th president, Fox News projects.

Speaking to cheering supporters early Wednesday morning at his victory party in New York City, the Republican candidate and now president-elect said Clinton called to congratulate him, and Fox News confirms she has conceded. Despite their hard-fought campaign, Trump praised Clinton for her service and said “it is time for us to come together as one united people.”

“I will be president for all Americans,” Trump vowed, after a brief introduction by running mate Mike Pence.

TRUMP'S AGENDA: WHAT HIS ELECTION MEANS FOR AMERICA

Sounding a call to “reclaim our country’s destiny,” Trump declared: “The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. … America will no longer settle for anything less than the best.”

Trump will be the oldest president in U.S. history, entering the Oval Office at age 70. With her defeat, Clinton falls short in her second bid to become the first female president of the United States.

Though Clinton called Trump, her campaign initially did not concede defeat. Earlier, her campaign chairman John Podesta addressed supporters nearby in New York and said several states were “too close to call.”

Clinton herself did not appear at the rally. Podesta had urged supporters to “head home” and said they would not have “anything more to say tonight.”

Amid Trump’s victory, Republicans also were projected to hold onto their majority in the House and Senate, improving Trump’s chances of advancing his agenda in office.

A surge of support in key battlegrounds – and especially surprise victories in states like Pennsylvania and Wisconsin – helped propel Trump to victory. The GOP nominee built a commanding lead early on with wins in heavily contested North Carolina, Florida, Ohio and Iowa.

Clinton won her share of battlegrounds, including Virginia and Nevada and Colorado, but could not make up for Trump’s strong performance in other states thought to favor the Democrat.

The billionaire businessman’s victory marked a remarkable upset and turnaround, after he had been complaining amid a rough patch just weeks ago the vote could be “rigged” against him.

Clinton was still thought to have the clear advantage in the electoral map going into Tuesday’s vote, yet the polls had been tightening in the race’s closing days.

His victory could demonstrate just how much the dynamics were shifting in his favor – and perhaps how his true support was elusive all along to pollsters and others gauging the race.

Without question, his bid was helped over the last two weeks by a burst of setbacks for his opponent.

Eleven days before the election, FBI Director James Comey announced the bureau was revisiting the investigation into Clinton’s personal email server use while secretary of state, after discovering new messages on the laptop of disgraced ex-Rep. Anthony Weiner, the estranged husband of a top Clinton aide. He closed the case again on Sunday, but the political damage may have been done. And the WikiLeaks release of emails hacked from Podesta’s account became a constant distraction for the campaign, as the messages revealed infighting, internal concerns about the Clinton family’s foundation and even evidence that the now-head of the Democratic National Committee leaked town hall questions to Clinton during the primaries.

This at times overshadowed the numerous allegations of sexual harassment and assault against Trump that came out in October (which he denies), following leaked footage from over a decade ago showing Trump making crude comments about women.

Trump’s victory marks the second time Clinton was thwarted in her bid to become the first female U.S. president, having been defeated by President Obama in their 2008 primary race.

But Trump has been able to defy expectations from the start. He defeated a deep field of 16 competitors during the Republican primaries – stitching together a motivated coalition of voters invigorated by his outsider, populist message; throwing his rivals off their talking points during a raucous marathon of debates; and commanding media attention throughout with his unpredictable, learn-as-he-goes campaign style.

He also defied party orthodoxy, railing against free-trade deals like NAFTA and the Trans Pacific Partnership and staking out a sometimes-confusing set of positions on foreign policy that may yet evolve. Democrats have criticized him heavily for statements expressing admiration for Russia’s Vladimir Putin and a desire to rebuild ties with Moscow.

Trump was aided by the infrastructure of the GOP, but his campaign never came close to the juggernaut operation mounted by Clinton. While she entered the final stretch of the race with an army of high-powered surrogates, Trump’s campaign was driven mainly by him, an inner circle of family members and a rotating set of top campaign advisers. Surrogates like retired Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani advocated aggressively for the Republican nominee, but he remained at odds with many influential elected Republicans who in some cases – as with House Speaker Paul Ryan – endorsed him, but only reluctantly. His stances on trade as well as his hardline immigration proposals – including variations on a plan to suspend Muslim immigration from certain countries – also made party brass uncomfortable.

The late emergence of a 2005 tape showing him making crude comments about women led some congressional Republicans to abandon him entirely. But even the biggest controversies seemed only to ding Trump, whose resilience in the polls could be credited to a movement of grassroots supporters who seemed to have little interest in the nominee’s tensions with the GOP establishment and saw him as the true change-maker in the election.",1
3759,"On The Streets Of Baltimore, Trying To Understand The Anger","On The Streets Of Baltimore, Trying To Understand The Anger

In the early morning, as the cold set in, Anaya Maze stood next to the charred remains of a CVS store.

Holding a sign, she was the only protester left in front of a line of police officers dressed in riot gear. She is petite. Still, she faced the police officers, looking at them intently.

A few steps away were the charred skeletons of two police vehicles, the victims of an unbridled anger that burned its way through the west side of Baltimore.

Maze said she understands the anger. For far too long, she said, police have been killing black men. She says Baltimore had this coming. All the violence, she says, might finally change things.

""I see no shame in being violent to be heard,"" she said. ""Because if you can't do it peacefully then what other option do you have?""

Last night, after Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan had declared a state of emergency and ordered the National Guard into the city, rioters still roamed the streets; fires still burned and residents still stood on their stoops, on their sidewalks, trying to understand the anger that boiled over into riots.

Pierre Thomas, 37, was hanging out at the perimeter set up by police.

He said that yes, Baltimore has a history of inequality and yes the black community feels forgotten, but he didn't agree with setting properties on fire.

""Everybody is angry,"" he said. ""But there is a right and a wrong way to do it. I understand why they're doing it but I don't support it. They're trashing their own place.""

A few blocks down, Alex, who only wanted to be identified by his first name, was watching a small corner market burn down.

He pointed at the fire trucks that were trying to make their way through the street. He pointed at the police officers. He said those flames were the only way to get them to come into this part of Baltimore.

Nobody was calling for peace when Baltimore police officers were beating innocent black men, he said.

""Where was the peace when we were getting shot? Where's the peace when we were getting laid out? Where is the peace when we are in the back of ambulances? Where is the peace then? They don't want to call for peace then. But you know when people really want peace? When the white people have to get out of bed, when cops have to wear riot gear, when the cops start talking about, oh we got broken arms. Then they want peace,"" he said. ""Peace? It's too late for peace.""

The police helicopter hovered above and every once in a while, we heard the pops of tear gas. The flames from the fire got hotter, lapping over the roof of a second row house.

A woman a few steps away was in tears. She was roused from sleep by the smoke. Her house is two doors down from the burning market. She didn't know if it would survive, if the flames would turn all her possessions into ashes.

""They shouldn't be doing this, man. We live around here,"" she wailed. ""That was terrible.""

Suddenly, as a flame shot into the sky, she covered her face and darted off before I could get her name.",1
3042,Where’s the partisan polarization on abortion?,"The recent murders at a Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood center, and the political arguments that have followed, remind us once again of the connection between political polarization and terrorism.

We are used to the idea that Democrats support legal abortion while Republicans oppose it, but this has not always been the case. This came up here a couple of years ago, but I think it’s worth returning to the topic now that it is in the news again.

To start with, here’s the trend in public opinion from the National Election Study. For each election year we show the average opinion on abortion on 1-4 scale (where 1 = abortion should never be legal, and 4 = abortion should always be legal) among self-declared Democrats, Independents, and Republicans:

I made the graph a few years ago, but I don’t think the polarization has gone away. Sample sizes are small in some years, so I wouldn’t recommend trying to interpret every jump in those lines, but the basic pattern is clear: no partisan polarization on abortion before 1992, lots since.

Yair Ghitza and I then broke these data down by ethnicity to see where the polarization was happening. And here’s what we found:

These lines show estimated regression coefficients predicting abortion attitude from partisanship (that is, predicting that response on the 1-to-4 scale from a party-identification variable that takes on the values -1, 0, 1 for Republicans, Independents, and Democrats), using a hierarchical model to get stable estimates for each year and for each of four ethnic groups.

As you can see, almost all the polarization is occurring among whites. (Also some among the “other” category, but they represent only a small fraction of the electorate.)

We then continued and broke down the whites by income and education:

Polarization is concentrated among upper-income and well-educated whites.

And now we can return to the news story about the killer:

This is N=1, and of course non-college-educated people can perpetrate political violence as well. But I find the statistics helpful in understanding partisan polarization more generally.",1
4554,Russia Calls Downing Of Its Plane A 'Planned Provocation',"One of two crew members survived the shooting down of a Russian warplane by Turkey on Tuesday, Russian officials say, and was rescued by a Syrian commando unit in an operation that ended early Wednesday.

The news comes as international tensions continue to rise over the incident. As we reported Tuesday, Turkey says the Russian Su-24 fighter jet was in Turkish airspace when it was shot down by Turkish F-16s. Turkey says it warned the Russian warplane 10 times before taking action.

Russia maintains the jet was flying over Syria at the time.

Both Russian crew members appeared to eject from the jet and parachute to the ground, but one was reportedly found dead Tuesday by a Syrian rebel group.

Russia now says the other crew member has been rescued. It was a costly mission for Russia, NPR's Corey Flintoff reports for our Newscast unit:

""Russia's defense minister said the pilot was rescued in a 12-hour operation that ended in the early hours of the morning. ""Rebel fighters in the area claim they shot one of the Russian helicopters involved in the search yesterday and then used a missile to destroy it on the ground after it was forced to land. ""Russia says one of the helicopter crewmen was killed, but the rest were evacuated safely.""

Meanwhile, Russia and Turkey continue to exchange angry rhetoric while at the same time calling for military restraint.

Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Wednesday that Russia could not justify its attacks on ethnic Turks in Syria under the pretext of fighting the Islamic State, and reiterated statements by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan that Turkey will continue to defend its airspace.

But, Davutoglu said, targeting Russia is ""out of the question,"" Reuters reports.

Also on Wednesday, Russia's foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, called the shooting of the plane a ""planned provocation"" that is prompting Moscow to ""reconsider relations with Ankara,"" The Associated Press reports. On Tuesday, Russian President Vladimir Putin called the shooting a ""stab in the back.""

But Lavrov says Moscow has ""no intention to go to war with Turkey,"" the AP writes.

Russia says it is deploying an advanced anti-aircraft system to its base in Syria. Corey says the missiles appear to be guarding against Turkish planes — or planes from other coalition members, such as the U.S. or France. ""As far as we know, ISIS and other jihadi groups in Syria have no aircraft that could threaten the Russian base,"" he reports.

Moscow may be considering nonmilitary forms of retaliation against Turkey. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said Wednesday that ""important joint projects could be canceled and Turkish firms could lose Russian market share,"" the AP reports.

The two countries' economies are closely linked by energy purchases, tourism and other business activity.",1
2392,9th baby dies after heart surgery at a Florida hospital,"(CNN) A baby who had heart surgery at St. Mary's Medical Center in Florida died Tuesday, at least the ninth infant to pass away after such a procedure since the program opened at the end of 2011.

A CNN investigation calculates that from 2011 to 2013, the program had a 12.5% mortality rate for open heart surgeries, which is more than three times the national average.

""Why won't they stop?"" asked Nneka Campbell, whose baby daughter, Amelia, died after heart surgery at the hospital.

The same day the latest baby died, St. Mary's CEO Davide Carbone wrote a letter to employees about the CNN investigation, which aired Monday night, expressing support for the program and its heart surgeon, Dr. Michael Black.

""The patients we serve are afflicted with severe life-threatening conditions, and it is impossible to eliminate the risk of mortality,"" he wrote.

The hospital, which is owned by Tenet Healthcare, says CNN did not get the mortality rate right, but won't say what the hospital believes the correct rate is.

Last year in April, the Florida Department of Health sent a team of expert heart doctors to St. Mary's to review the children's heart surgery program. The head of the panel, Dr. Jeffrey Jacobs, a professor of cardiac surgery at Johns Hopkins, suggested they stop doing heart surgeries on babies younger than 6 months.

The baby who died Tuesday, Davi Ricardo Brandao, was only a few weeks old when he had surgery in March for a severe heart defect called truncus arteriosus, according to his mother, Pautilia Gomes. She said her son needed a second surgery later that month.

In April, in response to an inquiry from CNN, St. Mary's spokeswoman Shelly Weiss said a patient with truncus arteriosus at St. Mary's was ""recovering well and the prognosis is good.""

Davi never left the hospital and was not quite 2 months old when he died. Gomes posted a picture on her Facebook page of an eye filled with tears and the word ""LUTO,"" which is Portuguese for ""mourning.""

According to St. Mary's, the hospital received the experts' final reviews last year in June. In his letter to employees, Carbone said that since that time, ""our mortality rate has been consistent with the national average, and does not significantly exceed the mortality rate of other programs as the CNN story alleges.""

He did not say what the hospital's mortality rate was, or whether it included Davi's death. An email from CNN to Weiss went unanswered Wednesday.

In his review last year, Jacobs, the Johns Hopkins surgeon, noted that St. Mary's was doing too few pediatric heart surgeries -- a very complex type of operation -- to get good at it. He noted that in 2013, the hospital did 23 procedures. The vast majority of hospitals in the United States that perform these surgeries do more than 100 a year, and anything less than that is considered low volume by the Society for Thoracic Surgeons.

In response to CNN's investigation, Florida's Department of Health and the Agency for Health Care Administration issued a statement Wednesday saying, ""Florida does not regulate the number of procedures performed at pediatric cardiac programs"" and that the Agency for Health Care Administration ""continues to closely monitor St. Mary's to ensure that they are following the law.""",1
5081,Dems open convention without Wasserman Schultz,"(CNN) The Democratic National Convention kicked off Monday without its outgoing Democratic National Committee chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, following a chaotic scene at a morning meeting where she was loudly jeered by Bernie Sanders supporters.

""I have decided that in the interest of making sure that we can start the Democratic convention on a high note that I am not going to gavel in the convention,"" Wasserman Schultz told the Sun Sentinel newspaper in an interview.

Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, who is also the Democratic National Committee's secretary, handled the gaveling instead.

""Delegates, alternatives, standing committee members and all of our honored Democrats and other guests here in Philadelphia and all of you who have joined us by television, radio and online, here in the United States and around the world,"" she said, ""I hereby call the 47th quadrennial Democratic National Convention to order.""

Wasserman Schultz will also not speak tonight or throughout the duration of the convention, a Democrat close to her says. She will remain in Philadelphia until Friday when she formally steps down as leader of the committee.

Wasserman Schultz changed her plans as the fallout deepened from leaked DNC emails that appeared to show the committee favoring presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over Sanders during the primary. It became clear Monday that the convention floor could erupt in anger if she gaveled the convention into session or sought to speak.

And the Democratic National Committee issued an apology to Sanders moments after the convention opened, likely hoping to help soothe tensions heading into the week.

""On behalf of everyone at the DNC, we want to offer a deep and sincere apology to Sen. Sanders, his supporters, and the entire Democratic Party for the inexcusable remarks made over email,"" the statement said. ""These comments do not reflect the values of the DNC or our steadfast commitment to neutrality during the nominating process. The DNC does not -- and will not -- tolerate disrespectful language exhibited toward our candidates. Individual staffers have also rightfully apologized for their comments, and the DNC is taking appropriate action to ensure it never happens again.""

The morning Florida delegate meeting descended into chaos when Wasserman Schultz took the stage, with critics holding up signs with the word ""emails,"" and Sanders supporters booing the congresswoman loudly, even after she began speaking.

""We have to make sure that we move forward together in a unified way,"" Wasserman Schultz said during brief remarks. ""We know that the voices in this room that are standing up and being disruptive, we know that is not the Florida that we know. The Florida that we know is going to make sure that we continue to make jobs.""

The audience was roughly half supportive of Wasserman Schultz and half detractors, though the angry participants were louder than the other half. Those attendees began to chant, ""Shame! Shame! Shame!"" while Wasserman Schultz was speaking.

Sanders tried to quell some of his dissatisfied supporters at a rally before his expected speech Monday.

""We have got to elect Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine,"" Sanders said, which prompted some attendees to shout him down.

Wasserman Schultz announced Sunday she is stepping down as chairwoman of the DNC at the end of the party's convention. The drama reinforced concerns about Democratic party unity.

Former Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver tried to show a unified Democratic Party on Monday, the morning after Wasserman Schultz announced her resignation.

""This happened, we knew it happened then, now is the time to go forward,' Weaver told CNN's Chris Cuomo on ""New Day"" on Monday. ""Now is the time to elect Hillary Clinton and defeat Donald Trump.""

Wasserman Schultz talked with both President Barack Obama and Clinton before making announcing her upcoming resignation, a Democratic source said.

""Going forward, the best way for me to accomplish those goals [which include electing Clinton president] is to step down as Party Chair at the end of this convention,"" Wasserman Schultz said in the statement.

""As party chair, this week I will open and close the Convention and I will address our delegates about the stakes involved in this election not only for Democrats, but for all Americans,"" she said.

DNC Vice Chairwoman Donna Brazile will serve as interim chair through the election. She had been a CNN political commentator, but CNN and Brazile have mutually agreed to suspend their contract, effective immediately, although she will remain on air during the convention week in an unpaid capacity, CNN said. CNN will revisit the contract once Brazile concludes her role.

Separately, a Democratic operative said Hispanic leaders close to Clinton and her high command were discussing Housing Secretary Julian Castro as a possible successor to Wasserman Schultz at the DNC helm, among a number of other candidates whose name are being mentioned.

Chants of ""Debbie is done!"" and ""Debbie resigned!"" broke out at a pro-Sanders rally Sunday in Philadelphia after the news was announced.

Party officials decided Saturday that Wasserman Schultz would not have a major speaking role or preside over daily convention proceedings this week. The DNC Rules Committee has named Rep. Marcia Fudge, D-Ohio, as permanent chair of the convention, according to a DNC source. She will gavel each session to order and will gavel each session closed.

""She's been quarantined,"" another top Democrat said of Wasserman Schultz, following a meeting Saturday night but before her announcement that she was leaving.

Both sides of the aisle react

Obama issued a statement, saying, ""For the last eight years, Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz has had my back. This afternoon, I called her to let her know that I am grateful.""

And Clinton thanked Wasserman Schultz for her leadership of the party.

""I am grateful to Debbie for getting the Democratic Party to this year's historic convention in Philadelphia, and I know that this week's events will be a success thanks to her hard work and leadership,"" Clinton said.

After slamming Wasserman Schultz as ""highly overrated,"" Trump, speaking at a rally in Roanoke, Virginia, knocked Clinton for being disloyal to the soon-to-be former DNC chair.

""How about that for disloyalty in terms of Hillary Clinton. Because Debbie Wasserman Schultz has been so much for Hillary Clinton,"" Trump said. ""These politicians. There's no loyalty there. No loyalty. None whatsoever.""

""It gets a little heat and they fire her,"" Trump said. ""Debbie was totally loyal to Hillary and Hillary threw her under a bus and it didn't take more than five minutes to make that decision.""

Wasserman's Republican counterpart, Reince Priebus, said, ""I think the day's events show really the uphill climb Democrats face this week.""

""The extreme left will not be satisfied by one person's resignation,"" the Republican party national chairman added.

Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort said Clinton should follow Wasserman Schultz out the door.

""Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned over her failure to secure the DNC's email servers and the rigged system she set up with the Clinton campaign,"" he said in a statement. ""Now Hillary Clinton should follow Wasserman Schultz's lead and drop out over her failure to safeguard top secret, classified information both on her unauthorized home server and while traveling abroad.""

""I think what the signal was today is that the voices of Bernie Sanders supporters have been heard,"" he said. ""And other people, frankly, in the party, Hillary Clinton supporters, who felt this was the last straw, that she had to go, and this shows they have been heard and gives us opportunity to move forward toward November -- united to deal with the problem of Donald Trump.""

Wasserman Schultz's stewardship of the DNC has been under fire through most of the presidential primary process, but her removal from the convention stage comes following the release of nearly 20,000 emails.

One email appears to show DNC staffers asking how they can reference Sanders' faith to weaken him in the eyes of Southern voters. Another seems to depict an attorney advising the committee on how to defend Clinton against an accusation by the Sanders campaign of not living up to a joint fundraising agreement.

Before the announcement, Sanders on Sunday told Tapper the release of the DNC emails that show its staffers working against him underscores the position he's held for months: Wasserman Schultz needs to go.

""I don't think she is qualified to be the chair of the DNC, not only for these awful emails, which revealed the prejudice of the DNC, but also because we need a party that reaches out to working people and young people, and I don't think her leadership style is doing that,"" Sanders told Tapper on ""State of the Union,"" on the eve of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.

""I am not an atheist,"" he said. ""But aside from all of that, it is an outrage and sad that you would have people in important positions in the DNC trying to undermine my campaign. It goes without saying: The function of the DNC is to represent all of the candidates -- to be fair and even-minded.""

He added: ""But again, we discussed this many, many months ago, on this show, so what is revealed now is not a shock to me.""",1
4116,"Upcoming proposal in Congress for military action must strike Goldilocks-esq, 'just right' tone","It’s hard to imagine a discussion on the barbarians who make up The Islamic State having anything to do with Goldilocks and the Three Bears. But if Congress is going to approve any formal authorization to sanction U.S. military action against the extremist group, it needs to engineer a resolution that’s not too hot, not too cold, but just right.

And therein lies the challenge.

How does Congress author a resolution that allows lawmakers to exercise their Constitutional authority about deploying U.S. military force -- yet doesn’t fully commit “boots on the ground?”

Lawmakers are leery about the latter because the public long ago lost its appetite for a protracted conflict. Yet at the same time, how does Congress make sure the resolution is muscular enough to actually make a difference in fighting ISIS and not just a fig leaf?

And if Congress doesn’t concoct something that is sufficiently stout, what are the consequences if ISIS hits the United States, keeps incinerating people in cages, lopping off heads or seriously threatens Israel and Jordan?

What is the composition of a resolution that doesn’t hem in the president and the military -- yet gives them appropriate agility to react and respond and fight?

And how about a time frame? How can one possibly say the U.S. is committed only to fighting this long? And if it’s open-ended, some lawmakers fret it’s not appropriate for the U.S. to wage perpetual conflicts that never seem to have exit strategies.

Notice this “resolution” to combat ISIS isn’t even called a “Declaration of War.” It’s euphemistically called an “AUMF,” short for “Authorization for Use of Military Force.” The Constitution grants Congress “war powers. But Congress has officially declared “war” only five times. The most recent was in 1941 when the U.S. entered WWII. The U.S. is very worried about declaring “war” on ISIS, lest it be perceived it’s at “war with Islam” or Muslims. So an “AUMF for ISIS” will just have to do.

Straightforward but curved. Structured but limber. A ceiling but no floor. A floor but no ceiling.

It’s almost Zen-like. Or to Goldilocks, porridge. Not too hot. Not too cold. But just right.

Chatter about crafting a resolution to manage the U.S. fight against ISIS ramped up this week. White House spokesman Eric Schultz indicated that a resolution would come “relatively soon.” Sources tell Fox News that the presentation of a draft resolution could land on Capitol Hill in a number of days.

“It was clear that leaders on the Hill wanted to get this done. It was also clear this was a priority for the president and they wanted language from the White House. They also wanted to be consulted in advance of sending that language up,” said Schultz, who characterized the talks as “robust.”

Some senior lawmakers indicated that the video of the live burning of a Jordanian pilot this week could be the impetus for increased discussions.

“I don’t know how these two things are disconnected,” said one source who spoke on the condition they not be identified.

However, other sources disagreed with that suggestion.

“They’ve been talking about this since State of the Union,” said one source. “This isn’t new.”

Still, another source said that the timing of the increased talk was natural because “they have to give us (a resolution) at some point.” The source noted that additional conversations about a resolution would intensify after President Obama presented his annual budget to Congress.

Obama dropped off his budget on Capitol Hill on Monday. National Security Advisor Susan Rice discussed the finer points of the president’s national security on Friday at the Brookings Institution after the White House sent a copy of the blueprint to the Capitol earlier in the day.

So the resolution appears to be coming together.

“We’ve gotten our hopes up before,” said a source.

House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, has been resolute that such a request come from the White House and not be something engineered by Congress.

Sources have pointed to two prominent proposals as a potential framework for the AUMF.

One is plan crafted by California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. The other blueprint comes from Democratic Sens. Tim Kaine, Virginia, and Sen. Bob Menendez, New Jersey.

Menendez is the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. The panel authored such a resolution to combat ISIS late last year when Democrats still controlled the Senate. The panel approved the resolution but it never went to the Senate floor for a vote.

There are similarities between the Schiff and Kaine-Menendez proposals. Schiff’s outline bans “boots on the ground,” and limits the geographic footprint to fight ISIS to Iraq and Syria. The Kaine-Menendez offering doesn’t restrict “boots on the ground” and has no geographic structure.

The Schiff provision also would require Congress to re-evaluate the strategy after three years.

The three-year window is designed as such to force the next Congress and president to reconsider the issue.

“Boots on the ground” appears to be one of the most contentious issues in approving a resolution. One Republican lawmaker who asked for anonymity indicated they liked the Schiff plan, so long as they didn’t restrict the president from putting forces on the ground.

Another issue to resolve is whether Congress sunsets the 2001 authorization to fight in Afghanistan and elsewhere in the global war on terror and the 2002 authorization which launched the 2003 war in Iraq. Some liberal lawmakers view the 2001 provision as “war without end.” Others maintain that particular authorization must be preserved. Still, some assert that the 2002 authorization specific to Iraq requires a sunset so it may be superseded by a new authorization.

Writing an AUMF to fight ISIS is a dicey enterprise. Lawmakers from both sides of the aisle want a new AUMF. And how will they find the votes to pass this though? Something on which most lawmakers can agree?

“I have always believed that when it comes to fighting a war that Congress should not tie the president’s hands,” said Boehner this week. “It’s not going to be an easy lift.”

“If we go in and rescue somebody, we have a troop on the ground. We have boots on the ground. So what is the language around ‘boots on the ground?’ ” asked House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif.  “I think it’s going to be a challenge.”

Pelosi knows many of her members will argue for repealing the 2001 and 2002 authorizations, so the U.S. doesn’t find itself in a “boundless” war. And by the same token, some Republicans will look askance at the president’s request for Congress to grant him authority to fight ISIS. In an interview with Fox News, Rep. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla.,  suggested Obama may try to use the document for “political cover.”

“If it’s not successful, he wants the Congress to share the blame with him,” DeSantis predicted. “As the mission continues to be muddled and it doesn’t succeed, (the president will) says you guys didn’t authorize ground troops so there was nothing more I could do. My hands were tied.”

And so that’s why the mission to find the right mix of votes is going to be demanding. To pass, the administration and lawmakers must forge a resolution that’s not too hot, not too cold but just right.",1
3105,Pope brings message of brotherly love to Philadelphia,"PHILADELPHIA — The leader of the world's 1.2 billion Catholics brought his message of religious freedom and compassionate immigration to historic Independence Hall on Saturday, speaking in his native Spanish to a wildly receptive audience.

More than 40,000 people gathered to hear Pope Francis speak at the site where colonists declared their freedom from British rule.

""Society is weakened wherever and whenever injustice prevails,"" he told the crowd to applause. He said recent immigrants to the U.S. should not be discouraged by the challenges they face.

""I ask you not to forget that like those who came before you, you bring many gifts to this great nation,"" he said. The pope concluded by leading the crowd, in English, in the Lord's Prayer.

""God bless you all,"" he said before stepping away from the podium.

Minutes before Francis spoke, he paused multiple times to bless several babies along Market Street. The crowd, which had gathered hours before the speech, was enthusiastic all day.

Francis also blessed a ""cruz de los encuentros,"" a 5-foot-tall cross symbolizing the journey of faith of Latino Catholics. He spoke from the same lectern that was used by Abraham Lincoln to deliver the Gettysburg Address.

Omar Navarro, 34, from Clifton, N.J., was excited to get a glimpse of the pope. Navarro said the pontiff's message sharply contrasts with much of the rhetoric coming from Donald Trump, the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination.

""The pope with not too many words will touch so many people,"" said Navarro, who is Mexican. ""Donald Trump was trying to divide immigrants from the rest of the community, but the pope is going to put them together.""

""I'm hopeful that people will listen to Pope Francis and hear what he has to say about the dignity of people, immigrant or not, and reflect on that,"" said Josefa Lopez, 63, an Argentinean immigrant who lives in West Orange, N.J. ""I think his words can change minds.""

Earlier Saturday, Francis arrived at Philadelphia International Airport to musical selections ranging from Ode to Joy to the theme from the movie Rocky. Then, after some warm smiles, kisses and handshakes, his modest Fiat was off into a city anxiously anticipating his arrival.

For many, the blockades and heavy police presence that locked down parts of the city were not a concern. Terri Desensi of Louisville, and her sister Pat Malouf of Greenwood, Miss., came with other church members, snatching a spot along the parade route seven hours ahead of the parade.

""I loved him since the day he was elected pope,"" Malouf said. ""I wanted to come and show my appreciation.""

Kammas Murphy, who teaches at a Catholic school in nearby Wilmington, Del., had a pope almost-sighting early Saturday. She was about a block away from a Mass the pope celebrated Saturday and watched the police cars and vans that escorted Francis

“We couldn’t see him walk in, but the energy was there,” the 25-year-old Wilmington native said. “It was lively.”

The Mass was at the Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul, where he celebrated for a crowd of 1,600, most of them clergy.

The 150-year-old masterpiece of a church sits on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway, which cuts a swath through the city's cultural center and is home to World Meeting of Families events taking place all weekend.

The masons who built the church placed windows only in the basilica's uppermost story to protect worshipers from the anti-Catholic sentiment of the time. Francis invoked the basilica's history of ""high walls and windows"" as he urged church leaders in the United States to devote more energy to reaching out to young people and those on the periphery of society.

In a nod to Pennsylvania's homegrown saint, St. Katharine Drexel, Francis recounted Pope Leo's words to her when she complained of the needs of the missions. Leo, whom the pontiff called ""a very wise pope,"" asked Drexel pointedly, ""What about you? What are you going to do?""

""Those words changed Katharine's life, because they reminded her that, in the end, every Christian man and woman, by virtue of baptism, has received a mission,"" Francis said. ""Each one of us has to respond, as best we can, to the lord's call to build up his body, the church.""

Outside the basilica, Susan Suzi, from Hershey, Pa., and Carmen and Ann Marie Zullo of New Jersey spent three hours on their feet, hoping to see the pope. The group stayed positive, even when their vantage point failed to yield a view when Francis left the church.

The trio arrived in Philadelphia on Monday to attend the eighth World Meeting of Families, a gathering that brings together 20,000 Catholics for a week of events.

""The excitement is palpable,"" Ann Marie Zullo said. ""We're part of something special here.""

""Who thinks you are going to meet the pope, that you are going to be close enough to touch him?"" Bowes said. ""It's unbelievable.""

The city was awash in barricades, law enforcement officers and smiling volunteers. Much of the downtown area was closed to traffic, and any cars left behind were towed away.

The pope's day concluded with a ""Festival of Families"" event on the parkway, a broad boulevard expanse that runs from City Hall to the Art Museum and was fashioned, by Franklin himself, in the tradition of the iconic Avenue des Champs-Elysees in Paris. The event was hosted by actor Mark Wahlberg and featured musical performances by Aretha Franklin, Andrea Bocelli and others, as well as a parade of testimonials about the importance of family.

Francis addressed the crowd, saying in Spanish, ""Let us look after family, let us protect the family, because it's in the family that our future is at play.""

“Father, you speak like that because you're not married,"" Francis said, addressing those who might greet his message with skepticism. ""Families have difficulties. In families we quarrel. Sometimes, plates can fly. Children cause headaches. I won't speak of mother-in-laws.

""But in families, there is always light,"" he said.

On Sunday, Francis will meet with bishops at a local seminary, then visit with a group of inmates at the Curran-Fromhold Correctional Facility. The main event of the day, and perhaps the entire trip, will be a late afternoon Mass on the parkway expected to draw 1 million people.

At the conclusion of Saturday's families event, Francis stood at a podium and told an adoring crowd, “We’ll see each other at Mass tomorrow."" Then he turned to aides and asked, ""What time is Mass?”

The crowd laughed as an aide told him, ""Four o’clock.""

Not all the events here are church-sanctioned. Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender Catholics were holding gatherings, one of which champions gay parents and their children. Francis has pleaded for compassion in the case of same-sex marriage and other family issues, but for many the church has not moved far enough.

Still, his themes of compassion, forgiveness and hope have resonated across a wide range of Catholics, lapsed Catholics, many who practice other faiths and those with no religious convictions at all.

Father James Bretzky, a theology professor at Boston College, said that bishops, who Francis calls the voice of the church, are getting the message, particularly after a speech Wednesday where the pope stressed that ""harsh and divisive language does not befit the tongue of a pastor.""

""It's a hard course change though for many of them,"" Bretzky said. ""If the bishops hadn't gotten the message before the meeting in D.C., they certainly can no longer deny that they've not heard the pope asking them to take a different tack.""",1
851,Voters' dilemma: What happens if it's Hillary vs. Trump?,"Many voters aren't enthused about the prospect of a Clinton vs. Trump election. So, will they fall in line and back one – or not?

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Anna Reid peeks out of the voting booth as she waits for her mother to finish voting in the Pennsylvania primaries at the Cumberland Township Municipal Building in Gettysburg, Pa., Tuesday.

Justin Schoville accomplished a rare feat for a protester at a Trump event: He managed to get himself thrown out – three times – just before Donald Trump’s maiden foreign policy address at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington on Wednesday.

“Trump is a fascist, we are a democracy!” he shouted, during his second forced exit from the hotel lobby.

Just a day before, Mr. Schoville, a research analyst in Bethesda, voted for Bernie Sanders in the Maryland primary. But if the race comes down to Mr. Trump vs. Hillary Clinton, he says he would vote for Green Party candidate Jill Stein, even if it might help elect Trump.

“I can’t in good conscience give my support to Hillary Clinton. She represents the establishment, the 1 percent, and her policies, I think, will only deepen the problems that have caused Donald Trump to rise in the first place, he says.

In most typical presidential elections, voters like Schoville might already have sighed and reluctantly thrown their support behind Mrs. Clinton. Presidential primary races were all but over before the cherry trees blossomed along the Potomac.

This year, however, the capital is deep into the azalea season and the passions among voters and activists backing the underdogs are still blazing.

Even as Clinton and Trump have now gained enough momentum to claim to be the “presumptive nominees” for November, many voters are showing few signs of accepting that. Will they eventually rally around the presumptive leaders?

It's an oft-repeated question every presidential campaign, but the peculiar dynamics of this race make the answer less certain.

In the past, disgruntled primary voters have rallied to the eventual nominee. By one measure, the tea party insurgents who seemingly held their nose to vote for Mitt Romney in 2012 were actually among his most active supporters during the general election. There are indicators that the same thing could happen on the Democratic side this time.

But Clinton and Trump are two of the three least popular presidential candidates of the past 24 years, according to Gallup. And the question for Republicans is reversed. If Mr. Trump wins, will the moderate and establishment conservatives rally to his cause? That answer appears less certain.

For their part, Sanders voters aren't conceding yet.

Their candidate delivered another rock-the-rafters town-hall meeting at Gettysburg College in Pennsylvania last Friday, – just down the road from the site of Pickett’s charge that ended the Confederate advance north on Day 3 of the Battle of Gettysburg. But Clinton still swept four of five primaries this week, along with enough delegates to put the nomination virtually out of reach for the Vermont senator.

But while  Sanders is already shifting gears away from winning the nomination to influencing the party’s platform, many of his supporters at the polling place on the Gettysburg campus are still feeling Bern – and disappointed at the mounting prospect that Clinton will be the nominee.

Dana Suitte, who works for a printing company in Gettysburg, says she told her four sons to vote for Sanders. “I really like the fact that he wants to look at everything and change anything that’s not working,” while Clinton “comes off like a politician” and “is just running on her history with nothing original to say.”

“I think that she thinks that because a lot of black people voted for her husband they will automatically vote for her, and that’s not true,” says Ms. Suitte, who is black.

But her view could change if Clinton picked Sanders as a running mate, she says. “I would love a woman to be president, but I thought I wanted a little bit more from her.”

“The only upside is Bill Clinton’s influence in the White House with her,” she adds. “Bill Clinton was a really good president. That would be my only confidence.”

On the Republican side, it’s the antiestablishment side that triumphed, as Donald Trump ran the table with outsize wins in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, Connecticut, and Rhode Island. Many Republicans now face what some see as an even tougher choice over whether to support Trump.

A recent Gallup poll finds that 51 percent of Democrats have a favorable view of both Clinton and Sanders, but only 28 percent of Republicans have a favorable view of both the top two GOP candidates, Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas.

Robin Williams-Beers, a retired glass engraver who describes herself as a Christian conservative, attended a rally for Ohio Gov. John Kasich on the eve of Tuesday’s primary vote in Rockville, Md.  She stakes out a front-row seat with her home-made signs, including: “Resist the rage. Research. Think. Vote Kasich.”

In some respects, she might seem a natural supporter for Senator Cruz or even Trump, who has drawn strong support from Christian conservative voters in the South. But she says that she had health issues at the start of the primary season and used her time in bed to read up on the candidates, including Governor Kasich’s account of the impact that Bible study had on his life in his book, “Every Other Monday.” “I feel like he unifies people and our country desperately needs that right now,” she says.

She showed up at the polls in Kingsville, Md., at 6:30 a.m. to post signs for Kasich, as a volunteer, and took down the signs at 9:30. While at the polling venue, “many people asked me who would be the best vote to stop Trump,” she said in a phone interview after the vote.

Could she bring herself to vote for Trump? “That’s a very difficult thing to say in this point in time,” she says. “I’m waiting and praying. He does not have the magic number yet, and so much has happened in this election that I hope that something will stop him from becoming the nominee.”

“When the time comes, I’ll cross that bridge when we come to it,” she says.

In an election that has so often defied expectations, polls may not get to the critical question of whether voters will be motivated to turn out to vote for the nominee.

Research shows that people who are most active for candidates who fail to get the nomination do not withdraw from general election activity but often become the most active.

“It’s a long way to November,” says Ronald Rapoport, a political scientist at The College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Va., who has written extensively on Ross Perot voters and, most recently, tea party activists.

His own research, working from a unique data set of surveys over time involving some 700,000 tea party supporters, found that those who were the most active for tea party candidates like Michele Bachmann or Herman Cain were also the most active for Mr. Romney in the general election.

So, the good news for the Republican Party is that highly divisive primary contests between the tea party and establishment Republicans did not undermine support for the party’s nominee in the general election.  However, it did produce “significantly less positive ratings of the Republican Party,” he says – a factor clearly in evidence in the antiestablishment surge backing Trump.

But whether that “carryover effect” works in the opposite direction, with establishment activists willing to work as hard for Trump, is not clear.

Moreover, “Trump is scarier to people than Hillary,” a factor that could help disappointed Sanders activists get behind Clinton.

But Sharon Wildberger, a graduate student at George Washington University, also protesting Trump outside the Mayflower Hotel, isn’t one of them. She says that she strongly opposes Trump but can’t support Clinton’s hawkish foreign policy, even in a general election.

“Somebody has to beat him, but it doesn’t mean I have to vote for her,” she says.",1
118,"I'm a black ex-cop, and this is the real truth about race and policing","On any given day, in any police department in the nation, 15 percent of officers will do the right thing no matter what is happening. Fifteen percent of officers will abuse their authority at every opportunity. The remaining 70 percent could go either way depending on whom they are working with.

That's a theory from my friend K.L. Williams, who has trained thousands of officers around the country in use of force. Based on what I experienced as a black man serving in the St. Louis Police Department for five years, I agree with him. I worked with men and women who became cops for all the right reasons — they really wanted to help make their communities better. And I worked with people like the president of my police academy class, who sent out an email after President Obama won the 2008 election that included the statement, ""I can't believe I live in a country full of ni**er lovers!!!!!!!!"" He patrolled the streets in St. Louis in a number of black communities with the authority to act under the color of law.

That remaining 70 percent of officers are highly susceptible to the culture in a given department. In the absence of any real effort to challenge department cultures, they become part of the problem. If their command ranks are racist or allow institutional racism to persist, or if a number of officers in their department are racist, they may end up doing terrible things.

It is not only white officers who abuse their authority. The effect of institutional racism is such that no matter what color the officer abusing the citizen is, in the vast majority of those cases of abuse that citizen will be black or brown. That is what is allowed.

And no matter what an officer has done to a black person, that officer can always cover himself in the running narrative of heroism, risk, and sacrifice that is available to a uniformed police officer by virtue of simply reporting for duty. Cleveland police officer Michael Brelo was acquitted of all charges against him in the shooting deaths of Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams, both black and unarmed. Thirteen Cleveland police officers fired 137 shots at them. Brelo, having reloaded at some point during the shooting, fired 49 of the 137 shots. He took his final 15 shots at them after all the other officers stopped firing (122 shots at that point) and, ""fearing for his life,"" he jumped onto the hood of the car and shot 15 times through the windshield.

Not only was this excessive, it was tactically asinine if Brelo believed they were armed and firing. But they weren't armed, and they weren't firing. Judge John O'Donnell acquitted Brelo under the rationale that because he couldn't determine which shots actually killed Russell and Williams, no one is guilty. Let's be clear: this is part of what the Department of Justice means when it describes a ""pattern of unconstitutional policing and excessive force.""

Nevertheless, many Americans believe that police officers are generally good, noble heroes. A Gallup poll from 2014 asked Americans to rate the honesty and ethical standards of people in various fields: police officers ranked in the top five, just above members of the clergy. The profession — the endeavor — is noble. But this myth about the general goodness of cops obscures the truth of what needs to be done to fix the system. It makes it look like all we need to do is hire good people, rather than fix the entire system. Institutional racism runs throughout our criminal justice system. Its presence in police culture, though often flatly denied by the many police apologists that appear in the media now, has been central to the breakdown in police-community relationships for decades in spite of good people doing police work.

Here's what I wish Americans understood about the men and women who serve in their police departments — and what needs to be done to make the system better for everyone.

As a new officer with the St. Louis in the mid-1990s, I responded to a call for an ""officer in need of aid."" I was partnered that day with a white female officer. When we got to the scene, it turned out that the officer was fine, and the aid call was canceled. He'd been in a foot pursuit chasing a suspect in an armed robbery and lost him.

The officer I was with asked him if he'd seen where the suspect went. The officer picked a house on the block we were on, and we went to it and knocked on the door. A young man about 18 years old answered the door, partially opening it and peering out at my partner and me. He was standing on crutches. My partner accused him of harboring a suspect. He denied it. He said that this was his family's home and he was home alone.

My partner then forced the door the rest of the way open, grabbed him by his throat, and snatched him out of the house onto the front porch. She took him to the ledge of the porch and, still holding him by the throat, punched him hard in the face and then in the groin. My partner that day snatched an 18-year-old kid off crutches and assaulted him, simply for stating the fact that he was home alone.

I got the officer off of him. But because an aid call had gone out, several other officers had arrived on the scene. One of those officers, who was black, ascended the stairs and asked what was going on. My partner pointed to the young man, still lying on the porch, and said, ""That son of a bitch just assaulted me."" The black officer then went up to the young man and told him to ""get the fuck up, I'm taking you in for assaulting an officer."" The young man looked up at the officer and said, ""Man ... you see I can't go."" His crutches lay not far from him.

The officer picked him up, cuffed him, and slammed him into the house, where he was able to prop himself up by leaning against it. The officer then told him again to get moving to the police car on the street because he was under arrest. The young man told him one last time, in a pleading tone that was somehow angry at the same time, ""You see I can't go!"" The officer reached down and grabbed both the young man's ankles and yanked up. This caused the young man to strike his head on the porch. The officer then dragged him to the police car. We then searched the house. No one was in it.

These kinds of scenes play themselves out everyday all over our country in black and brown communities. Beyond the many unarmed blacks killed by police, including recently Freddie Gray in Baltimore, other police abuses that don't result in death foment resentment, distrust, and malice toward police in black and brown communities all over the country. Long before Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed Michael Brown last August, there was a poisonous relationship between the Ferguson, Missouri, department and the community it claimed to serve. For example, in 2009 Henry Davis was stopped unlawfully in Ferguson, taken to the police station, and brutally beaten while in handcuffs. He was then charged for bleeding on the officers' uniforms after they beat him.

About that 15 percent of officers who regularly abuse their power: a major problem is they exert an outsize influence on department culture and find support for their actions from ranking officers and police unions. Chicago is a prime example of this: the city has created a reparations fund for the hundreds of victims who were tortured by former Chicago Police Commander Jon Burge and officers under his command from the 1970s to the early ‘90s.

The victims were electrically shocked, suffocated, and beaten into false confessions that resulted in many of them being convicted and serving time for crimes they didn't commit.  One man, Darrell Cannon, spent 24 years in prison for a crime he confessed to but didn't commit. He confessed when officers repeatedly appeared to load a shotgun and after doing so each time put it in his mouth and pulled the trigger. Other men received electric shocks until they confessed.

The torture was systematic, and the culture that allowed for it is systemic. I call your attention to the words ""and officers under his command."" Police departments are generally a functioning closed community where people know who is doing what. How many officers  ""under the command"" of Commander Burge do you think didn't know what was being done to these men? How many do you think were uncomfortable with the knowledge? Ultimately, though, they were okay with it. And Burge got four years in prison, and now receives his full taxpayer-funded pension.

This is critical to understanding why police-community relations in black and brown communities across the country are as bad as they are. In this interview with Fox News, former New York City Police Commissioner Howard Safir never acknowledges the lived experience of thousands and thousands of blacks in New York, Baltimore, Ferguson, or anywhere in the country. In fact, he seems to be completely unaware of it. This allows him to leave viewers with the impression that the recent protests against police brutality are baseless, and that allegations of racism are ""totally wrong — just not true."" The reality of police abuse is not limited to a number of ""very small incidents"" that have impacted black people nationwide, but generations of experienced and witnessed abuse.

The media is complicit in this myth-making: notice that the interviewer does not challenge Safir. She doesn't point out, for example, the over $1 billion in settlements the NYPD has paid out over the last decade and a half for the misconduct of its officers. She doesn't reference the numerous accounts of actual black or Hispanic NYPD officers who have been profiled and even assaulted without cause when they were out of uniform by white NYPD officers.

Instead she leads him with her questions to reference the heroism, selflessness, risk, and sacrifice that are a part of the endeavor that is law enforcement, but very clearly not always characteristic of police work in black and brown communities. The staging for this interview — US flag waving, somber-faced officers — is wash, rinse, and repeat with our national media.

When you take a job as a police officer, you do so voluntarily. You understand the risks associated with the work. But because you signed on to do a dangerous job does not mean you are then allowed to violate the human rights, civil rights, and civil liberties of the people you serve. It's the opposite. You should protect those rights, and when you don't you should be held accountable. That simple statement will be received by police apologists as ""anti-cop.""  It is not.

When Walter Scott was killed by officer Michael Slager in South Carolina last year, the initial police report put Scott in the wrong. It stated that Scott had gone for Slager's Taser, and Slager was in fear for his life. If not for the video recording that later surfaced, the report would have likely been taken by many at face value. Instead we see that Slager shot Scott repeatedly and planted the Taser next to his body after the fact.

Every officer in the country should be wearing a body camera that remains activated throughout any interaction they have with the public while on duty. There is no reasonable expectation of privacy for officers when they are on duty and in service to the public. Citizens must also have the right to record police officers as they carry out their public service, provided that they are at a safe distance, based on the circumstances, and not interfering. Witnessing an interaction does not by itself constitute interference.

The National Coalition of Law Enforcement Officers for Justice, Reform and Accountability is a new coalition of current and former law enforcement officers from around the nation. Its mission is to fight institutional racism in our criminal justice system and police culture, and to push for accountability for police officers that abuse their power.

Many of its members are already well-established advocates for criminal justice reform in their communities. It's people like former Sergeant De Lacy Davis of New Jersey, who has worked to change police culture for years. It's people like former LAPD Captain John Mutz, who is white, and who is committed to working to build a system where everyone is equally valued. His colleagues from the LAPD —former Sergeant Cheryl Dorsey, now a frequent CNN contributor (providing some much-needed perspective), and former officer Alex Salazar, who worked LAPD's Rampart unit — are a part of this effort. Several  NYPD  officers, many of whom are founding members of 100 Blacks in Law Enforcement Who Care, the gold standard for black municipal police organizations, are a part of this group. Vernon Wells, Noel Leader, Julian Harper, and Cliff Hollingsworth, to name a few, are serious men with a serious record of standing up for their communities against police abuse. There's also Rochelle Bilal, a former sergeant out of Philadelphia, Sam Costales out of New Mexico, former Federal Marshal Matthew Fogg, and many others.

These men and women are ready to reach out to the thousands of officers around the country who have been looking for a national law enforcement organization that works to remake police culture. The first priority is accountability — punishment — for officers who willfully abuse the rights and bodies of those they are sworn to serve. Training means absolutely nothing if officers don't adhere to it and are not held accountable when they don't. It is key to any meaningful reform.

Racism is woven into the fabric of our nation.  At no time in our history has there been a national consensus that everyone should be equally valued in all areas of life. We are rooted in racism in spite of the better efforts of Americans of all races to change that.

Because of this legacy of racism, police abuse in black and brown communities is generations old. It is nothing new. It has become more visible to mainstream America largely because of the proliferation of personal recording devices, cellphone cameras, video recorders — they're everywhere. We need police officers.  We also need them to be held accountable to the communities they serve.",1
3037,This astonishing chart shows how moderate Republicans are an endangered species,"Political scientists have known for years that political polarization is largely a one-sided phenomenon: in recent decades the Republican Party has moved to the right much faster than Democrats have moved to the left. As Thomas Mann of the Brookings Institution has described it, ""Republicans have become a radical insurgency—ideologically extreme, contemptuous of the inherited policy regime, scornful of compromise, unpersuaded by conventional understanding of facts, evidence, and science; and dismissive of the legitimacy of their political opposition.""

The data backing this claim up are pretty solid. The most widely-used measure of political polarization, a score of ideology based on voting developed by Kenneth Poole and Howard Rosenthal, has shown that the Republicans in the Senate and especially the House have drifted away from the center far more rapidly than Democrats. The chart below, taken from the most recent slice of their data released just last month, illustrate this pretty clearly:

Right around 1975, the Republican party sharply turned away from the center line and hasn't looked back. The Democrats have been drifting away from the center too, but nowhere near as quickly.

Every once in awhile an op-ed writer will come along and make a qualitative argument along the lines of ""no, really, it's the Democrats who are polarizing!"" Peter Wehner, a former official in three previous Republican presidential administrations, did just that in the pages of the New York Times last week. His argument amounts to the notion that since President Obama has pursued some policies that are more liberal than Bill Clinton's, ""the Democratic Party has moved substantially further to the left than the Republican Party has shifted to the right.""

Well, no -- just look at the chart above! Here's another way of looking at it: How many moderates are in each party? Here's another interesting chart from the Poole-Rosenthal data, showing the number of House members in each party who are not centrists -- that is, whose ideological scores put them on the more extreme ends of the partisan scale.

As you can see, in the most recent Congress nearly 90 percent of Republican House members are not politically moderate. By contrast, 90 percent of Democratic members are moderates. It's quite difficult to square a chart like this with a claim that Democrats are abandoning the center faster than Republicans. As the chart shows, there are plenty of centrist Democrats left in the House -- but hardly any centrist Republicans.

It's worth pointing out that none of this is happening in a vacuum -- House Republicans are become more extreme because Republican voters are electing more extreme candidates. We see many of these same patterns playing out among the electorate as well, as a massive Pew Research Study demonstrated last year.",1
1546,Ted Cruz tackles the Wall Street Journal,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
345,Cory Booker on how America's criminal justice system destroys the American dream,"German Lopez:You've called the war on drugs a failure. What did you mean by that?

But we've compromised those values severely during this so-called drug war — so severely that we're actually inhibiting public safety. We're consuming gross amounts of taxpayer dollars. We are undermining human potential. And we're doing it all in a way that has a significant, if not savage, disparate impact on poor people and minorities.

That, to me, is a failure. When we can get the same aims but also save taxpayer dollars, create greater safety than we're experiencing right now, elevate human life and human potential, and not further cement racial disparities in this country but alleviate them, then we should be going in a dramatically different direction with drug policy reform. Pilot programs for prison reentry, and entire states like Georgia — which is dramatically lowering its African-American prison population, saving taxpayer dollars, and driving down crime — are showing us that we could go a different way.

Cory Booker:Overall, drug policy has gone seriously awry and is offending our value system. And marijuana is one of those drugs that's been almost pulled out of a category of other serious drugs, many of which are prescribed by doctors to deal with serious injuries — somehow this drug was pulled out, made a schedule 1 crime, and so vilified that it's created classes of criminals amid otherwise law-abiding citizens. For example, a mother who has a sick child with seizures — which we can show, medically, that marijuana, without even its intoxicating element, could severely reduce, and benefit that child — right now that person's behavior, if she's getting that life-affirming drug, is going to be called criminal. If she goes into another state that may have legalized it or legalized it medically and comes back into a state that doesn't, she's trafficking drugs across state lines — a federal offense. I'm one of those people who think our marijuana laws are way off the rails. We need to pull back and focus on things like legalizing medical marijuana; supporting states like Alaska or Colorado or Washington that want to be incubators of reform; and allowing scientists and medical researchers to test marijuana's impact on people. 



What I'm comfortable doing now is just saying, ""Hey, federal government, play catch-up here. Get into the zone we already know most Americans are comfortable in."" And we're going to stop criminalizing large segments of the country, we're going to allow scientists to study it, and we're not going to take law-abiding citizens who sell marijuana through dispensaries in the states that have legalized it and make criminals out of them.

You have drug laws that are so severely, disparately enforced against some groups. Let's take African Americans, for example: there's no difference between black and white marijuana usage or sales, in fact. You go to college campuses and you'll get white drug dealers. I know this from my own experience of growing up and going to college myself. Fraternity houses are not being raided by police at the level you see with communities in inner cities.

So equal usage of this drug, equal sale of this drug, but blacks are about 3.7 times more likely to be arrested for it. African Americans are more likely to get mandatory minimums, more likely to get about 13 percent longer sentences. It's created these jagged disparities in incarceration. In my state, blacks are about 13 to 14 percent of the population, but they make up over 60 percent of the prison population.

Remember: the majority of people we arrest in America are nonviolent offenders. Now you've got this disparity in arrests, but that creates disparities that painfully fall all along this system.

For example, when you get arrested for possession with intent to sell, you can do it in some neighborhoods where there are no public schools and it's not as densely packed as an inner city. You do it in an inner city and now you're within a school zone, so you're facing even higher mandatory minimums. So when you face that and you get out from your longer term, now you're 19 years old with a felony conviction, possession with intent to sell in a school zone.

But forget even all of that — if you just have a felony conviction for possession, what do you face now? Thousands of collateral consequences that will dog you for all of your life. You can't get a Pell Grant. You can't get a business license. You can't get a job. You're hungry? You can't get food stamps. You need some place to live? You can't even get public housing.

What that does within our country, especially in these concentrated areas where we have massive numbers of men being incarcerated, is create a caste system in which people feel like there's no way out. And we're not doing anything as a society like we know we could do. There are tons of pilot programs that show if you help people coming back from a nonviolent offense lock into a job or opportunity, their recidivism rates go down dramatically. If you don't help them, what happens is that, left with limited options, many people make the decision to go back to that world of narcotic sales.

What's more dangerous to society: someone smoking marijuana in the privacy of their own home, or someone going 30 miles over the speed limit, racing down a road in a community? And yet that teenager who makes a mistake — doing something the last three presidents admitted to doing — now he has a felony conviction, because it's more likely he's going to get caught. And for the rest of his life, when he's 29, 39, 49, 59, he's still paying for a mistake he made as a teenager.

That's not the kind of society I believe in, nor is it fiscally responsible. It's undermining productivity. It's undermining people's ability to take care of their families. It's locking in generational problems in poverty, or even limiting opportunities.

This is so wrong that those conversations I'm having with conservatives as well as with Democrats are resonating. When you have people like Sen. Rand Paul talking about racial disparities in incarceration, when you have people like Grover Norquist standing up and talking about disparate racial impact of this problem, this convergence in understanding of fiscal conservatives, of Christian conservatives, of libertarians shows me that this is a time of great hope for our country.

So I'm not going to question people's motives. This is one of those issues, like the civil rights movement of the 1960s, where it should pull all Americans together to say enough is enough.

I went through 15 years of my life where every single day I would encounter good Americans who were being overly punished in a disproportionate way for a nonviolent drug offense, whose lives were being destroyed, who had desperation, desire, hunger just to have a shot at the American dream — yet a nonviolent drug offense was undermining their potential to contribute, to raise their kids, to have a decent life.

That's just wrong. So every day that I'm here, that echoes in my conscience and drives me forward.

Let me even go a step further, because I alluded to this point but didn't make it clear enough: the violence in my community that's driven by men who believe — and I think they're wrong, but this is what they believe — that they have no fair shot in this country; they made a mistake and they've gone into a system that often turns them out worse than they went in, in terms of their proclivity for crime.

When you take juveniles, like we do in this country, and put them in solitary confinement — other nations consider that torture — you hurt them and you scar them through your practices. You expose them for nonviolent crimes to often violent people. You expose them to gang activity.

Then you throw them back on our streets. And you tell them, ""We're not going to help you get a job. You want a roof over your head? Forget it. In fact, if we catch you trespassing on public housing authority property, we're going to take action against you. You're going to get a Pell Grant, try to better yourself through education? Sorry, you're banned from getting a Pell Grant.""

What do people do when they feel trapped and cornered by society? What I saw in my city was people getting more and more caught up in criminal activity. You can trace it way back to an early youthful offense that resulted not in us helping them, not in us intervening to empower them — but in taking children and abandoning them and saying, ""You made this mistake, and we're going to punish you, and, by the way, that punishment is going to continue every day of your life.""

Think of the statistic when I was mayor. We found out that the murder victims in our city had an 85 percent chance of having been previously arrested an average of 10 times. Some people might take a statistic like that and say, ""Well, it shows these people are whatever."" No.

If you want to judge a society, don't judge it by the kid like me who grew up in an affluent neighborhood and was given great schooling. Judge it by how we treat all of our children.

What does it say about a society when a kid makes a mistake, and we don't surround him with opportunities that we know now work? But no, we have this slippery slope of punishing teenagers for nonviolent offenses — things kids in the neighborhood where I grew up, in an affluent town, did a lot. But when these kids get caught, they begin a slippery slope into a system that often closes off their options and points them more toward crime than toward redemption. That's unacceptable to me.

So I've got a lot of missions here — to expand opportunity, empower people with education, make college more affordable — but dear god, I am driven every single day to end this nightmare that has made my nation singular in humanity for having more people behind bars for nonviolent offenses. And in terms of race and class, we now have a country that has more African Americans under criminal supervision than all the slaves in 1850.

This is haunting to me, especially because there's another way. I don't have to invent it; I'm not just asserting it. I know factually there's another way because I know many red states with Republican governors are showing there's a way to dramatically reduce the prison population. The governor of Georgia is bragging about a 20 percent reduction of African Americans in the criminal justice system. There are common-sense things we could be doing that we're not doing because of a lack of urgency — and that's unacceptable to me. I was taught as a kid, as Langston Hughes said so eloquently, ""There's a dream in this land with its back against the wall. To save the dream for one, we must save the dream for all.""

But I'm the X Generation. We grew up after the Civil Rights Movement. And I know I'm here because of the outrageously righteous impatience of a whole lot of Americans from wildly different backgrounds — from religious folks to nonreligious folks, black folks to white folks, Christian folks to Muslim and Jewish folks, Latino folks, you name it. There was a wild sense of urgency to raise the consciousness of this country until this place couldn't stop the change. I mean, Sen. Strom Thurmond did a 24-hour filibuster trying to stop civil rights legislation. And the pressure in this country to end an outrageous injustice, a savage injustice, led to change.

To me, this issue is no less urgent. In fact, in terms of affecting poor people and minorities and devastating communities, this is an urgent issue of that magnitude — to bring a legal system that is truly a justice system.

We're all hurting for it. I don't care what your background is. You're hurting for it. You're hurting because the truth of our country — liberty and justice for all — is not being told. You're hurting for it because you're spending hundreds and hundreds of dollars from your annual taxpayer expenses to support an unjust system. We're hurting for it because there's a better way to go; and not doing anything is making streets less safe, and destroying and undermining our children that we desperately need in a competitive economic environment to be contributing and not costing.

So I don't know what it's going to take, but I know one thing it's going to take is us and more people getting involved and seeing this as a cause for our country, not a cause for some people over there. This really does touch us all, and there's got to be a lot more pushing. You know the old saying — I've heard it a million times down here: ""Change doesn't come from Washington; it comes to Washington.""

This interview has been edited for length and clarity.",1
1797,Trump’s audacious Southern spectacle is part of his strategy,"It was the most audacious Donald Trump spectacle yet in a summer full of them, as the Republican presidential front-runner, in his Boeing 757, thundered over a football stadium here Friday night and gave a raucous speech to one of the largest crowds of the 2016 campaign.

But Trump’s flashy performance was about more than showmanship. His visit to Alabama was coolly strategic, touching down in the heart of red America and an increasingly important early battleground in the Republican nominating contest.

The Manhattan developer, who strode onstage to “Sweet Home Alabama,” is trying to show that his candidacy has broad and lasting appeal across every region of the country — especially here in the South, where Alabama and seven other states are holding a clustered voting blitz March 1.

The scene Friday night put an exclamation point on an extraordinary run in which the flamboyant mogul has thoroughly disrupted the presidential campaign and kindled a national discussion about not just politics but American culture itself.

“We have politicians that don’t have a clue,” said Trump, wearing a red hat on which was printed “Make America Great Again,” his slogan. “They’re all talk, no action. What’s happening to this country is disgraceful.”

He added: “We’re running on fumes. There’s nothing here. . . . We’re not going to have a country left. We need to have our borders. We need to make great deals.”

The crowd — sprawling and boisterous, though filling perhaps half of the 40,000-seat stadium — was anything but silent. People pumped their fists in the air as the ruddy-faced man with an iconic corn-silk coif took one shot after another at former Florida governor Jeb Bush (R) and Democratic front-runner Hillary Rodham Clinton.

His speech focused heavily on illegal immigration — “We’re going to build a wall,” he declared to booming applause. And Trump basked in the early success of his campaign, noting all the states where he leads in the polls, including Bush’s Florida.

“Has this been crazy? Man! I mean, it’s been wild,” he said while suggesting that the United States should have an expedited election as in some other countries. “I’d like to have the election tomorrow. I don’t want to wait.”

Bush and his allies tried to fire back at Trump. Bush’s super PAC, Right to Rise, paid for a small plane to fly above the stadium towing a banner that read, “TRUMP 4 HIGHER TAXES, JEB 4 PREZ.” Bush’s campaign, meanwhile, blasted an e-mail to Alabama supporters highlighting Trump’s past liberal positions and saying they are “deeply out-of-step with the Alabama way of life.”

Trump fans came by the thousands, driving from the Florida panhandle, from Mississippi, from Tennessee and Texas. Traffic was backed up for more than a mile.

On the street, Olaf Childress, a neo-Confederate activist, gave out copies of “The First Freedom” newspaper, which had headlines about “Black-on-white crime,” “occupied media” and “censored details of the Holocaust.”

The most-enthusiastic Trump backers began arriving at the stadium at dawn, hoping to get a spot close to the stage. The first in line were Keith Quackenbush, 54, and Bill Hart, 46, co-workers at a retail giant in Pensacola, Fla.

“I’m telling you, everyone who is a worker at our store, they’re excited about Trump,” Quackenbush said. “I don’t care what race or gender, whatever age — they love Trump. This is a movement.”

The event — billed as a “pep rally” — had been scheduled for the Mobile Civic Center but was moved to Ladd-Peebles Stadium, home to the University of South Alabama Jaguars, as interest soared. Trump’s campaign claimed that more than 35,000 people had applied for tickets, but by the time his speech began, the stadium was full of empty patches of AstroTurf and grandstands.

In the run-up, Trump made the rounds on Alabama radio stations, talking politics and college football — though, like any practiced pol, he wouldn’t take sides in the rivalry between the University of Alabama and Auburn University.

As the crowd formed Friday morning, Trump tweeted from New York: “We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back!” He echoed Richard Nixon’s 1968 “silent majority” pitch that was aimed at attracting disaffected white Southerners.

Like other Republican candidates, Trump is making a strategic play for the South, eyeing the states participating March 1 in the so-called SEC primary — named for the collegiate sports conference — soon after the traditional early contests in Iowa and New Hampshire.

Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, said in an interview that Trump could “win significant support” in the South, buoyed by his hard-line views on trade and immigration as well as the GOP base’s restive appetite for an outsider. “We’re going to be strong in Iowa, New Hampshire and the other states that start it out,” ­Lewandowski said. “Then comes the South. That’s the path to the nomination.”

In Mobile, campaign volunteers wearing Trump hats and carrying clipboards collected signatures to get Trump on the primary ballot and gathered names for a voter database. Next week, Trump is to hold events in Nashville and Greenville, S.C.

Trump chose Mobile for his big rally in part because it is the hometown of Sen. Jeff Sessions (R), an immigration hard-liner who has been counseling Trump and helped him develop his immigration policy paper. Trump brought Sessions onstage. The senator put on a white “Make America Great Again” hat. (“These hats are hot as a pistol,” Trump quipped.)

But there is plenty of resistance to Trump’s candidacy here. “My plea to my conservatives is, ‘Don’t get so far out in right field that we can’t talk to anyone but ourselves,’ ” said Jack Edwards, who represented the Mobile area in Congress for two decades.

Trump is not the only contender who sees the South as a place where bids could rise or fall in the second lap of the 2016 race. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) recently made a 20-stop, seven-day road trip from South Carolina to Oklahoma that stretched nearly 2,000 miles.

Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker will appear Saturday at a Republican luncheon in Alabama, while Bush has scheduled private events in Birmingham next Wednesday. Ohio Gov. John Kasich was here earlier this week to pick up the endorsement of Alabama Gov. Robert J. Bentley. Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson has a passionate grass-roots following here; former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, whose evangelical background has made him a force, has made regular visits to the South.

But none have put on a show like Trump. Friday night resembled something between a Lynyrd Skynyrd concert and the Daytona 500. People came to see a celebrity, Trump, but also to hear his fiery call to revolutionize the nation’s politics. Many attendees said they had never attended a presidential campaign event.

Cheryl Burns, 60, was on a road trip from California when she heard that Trump would be in Alabama. She turned her car around and got in line, warning people of what happened to states when liberals took them over.

“There is no more California,” Burns said. “It’s now international, lawless territory. Everything is up for grabs. Illegal aliens are murdering people there. People are being raped. Trump isn’t lying about anything — the rest of the country just hasn’t found out yet.”

As the sun began to set, the sweaty throngs in the stadium snapped their heads toward the sky as the roar of a jet engine pierced the air. Here it was, gliding toward them above the Friday night lights: a gleaming Boeing 757 with “T-R-U-M-P” stretched across its navy blue body, circling twice and dipping its wing toward the sloped stadium bleachers.

The crowd roared its approval to Trump as his jet tilted away to land at a nearby airport. Minutes later, he was whisked in a caravan of SUVs past sleepy neighborhoods and the shipyard-lined coast of the Deep South to the surreal political festival.

“This is history happening right before our eyes,” said Laura Teague of Mobile, one of the few black attendees at the rally. “I’m going to help Trump make history.”

Philip Rucker in Washington contributed to this report.",1
2911,Expert: ISIL 'highly likely' to launch gas attack in London,"Islamic State militants returning to the United Kingdom could launch a chlorine gas attack on trains, the London Underground or at a football match, according to a chemical weapons expert.

Hamish de Bretton-Gordon, a former commanding officer at the Joint Chemical Biological Radiological Nuclear Regiment, said the last two weeks in Syria and Iraq have seen the ""most concentrated and deadly use of chemical weapons"" since the 1980s Iran-Iraq War.

""It is very evident that ISIL are putting much time and effort into training its jihadis in the use of chlorine as a terror weapon and in particular in IEDs (improvised explosive devices),"" he wrote on 2Paragraphs.

""Virtually every foreign jihadi who returns to the U.S. or U.K. will have been exposed to training of this sort and will have a reasonable idea on how to use chlorine and other toxic chemicals as a terror weapon. In the U.K., up to 90 tons of chlorine can be purchased without any licenses,"" he wrote.

After returning from advising security forces in Baghdad last week, de Bretton-Gordon told the Daily Mirrorthat he feared a chlorine gas attack was ""highly likely,"" adding: ""This could happen on a train or tube or even at a big football match.""

De Bretton-Gordon examined the likelihood of such an atrocity on the 20-year anniversary of the Tokyo subway sarin attack, which killed 12 people and injured more than 1,000 more, causing chaos in the Japanese capital.

The Aum Shinrikyo movement used packets of the nerve agent, which they punctured with umbrella tips on the Tokyo subway during morning rush hour.

But de Bretton-Gordon said less complicated methods would be needed for a deadly chlorine attack.

""The method of delivery of chlorine at the second Battle of Ypres in April 1915, 100 years ago, would be effective on the subway today,"" he wrote.

""That is, take the top off a chlorine canister and let it 'vaporize' aka 'weaponize.'""

The expert, who has recently worked with U.K.-based charity Syria Relief advising civilians on what to do in a chlorine gas attack, founded chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear (CBRN) defense firm SecureBio and is a director at gas mask manufacturers Avon Protection.

His 23 years in the British Army included service as commanding officer of the U.K.'s CBRN Regiment and NATO's Rapid Reaction CBRN Battalion.

De Bretton-Gordon said that ISIL had planted ""hundreds"" of chlorine IEDs in the defense of Tikrit and detonated chemical bombs north of Mosul against the Kurdish Peshmerga.

During the advance of the ISIL last year, militants gained control of a huge chlorine factory near Mosul as well as the Muthanna complex near Baghdad, where Saddam Hussein manufactured chemical weapons using mustard gas, sarin and VX.

The United Nations said 2,500 remaining rockets filled with nerve agents were degraded and could not be used to make working chemical weapons.

De Bretton-Gordon said that even if returning ISIL jihadists attempted to launch a chlorine attack in Britain, the effect ""should be minimal"" if security services are forewarned.

""Chlorine is not very toxic and the green and yellow clouds are easy to see and avoid, and it is very non-persistent only lasting for a few minutes,"" he added.

""Undoubtedly, and hopefully, the CIA, FBI, MI 5 and 6 etc. will be taking a very close look at returning jihadis and in particular anybody buying toxic chemicals.""

Earlier this month, ISIL allegedly attacked Iraqi soldiers with roadside bombs containing chlorine gas as allied forces continued a huge assault against the group in Tikrit.

Footage captured by an Iraqi bomb disposal team showed plumes of thick orange gas emerging from a detonated IED.

Iraqi Kurds also claim to have evidence that ISIL used chemical weapons against their fighters in January this year.

The use of chlorine, a choking agent that dates back to the First World War, is banned under the 1997 Chemical Weapons Convention, which prohibits the use of toxic agents in warfare.

Chlorine and other chemical weapons have been used ""systematically"" in the ongoing civil war in Syria, according to monitors, who accuse all parties of atrocities.

Bashar al-Assad's forces allegedly used sarin in the 2013 Ghouta chemical attack that killed hundreds of Syrian civilians outside of Damascus and have reportedly dropped chlorine barrel bombs in recent weeks.

Iraqi Kurds were victims of the deadliest chemical attack in recent history when Hussein's air force bombed the town of Halabja, where up to 5,000 people were gassed to death in 1988.

The article originally appeared on the website of The Independent. Its content was created separately to USA TODAY.

MORE FROM THE INDEPENDENT",1
2133,Obama to Propose Protecting 1.4 Million Acres of Arctic Refuge,"President Barack Obama will propose blocking 1.4 million acres (556,000 hectares) of Arctic refuge from oil and gas drilling, The Washington Post reported on Sunday.

The administration plans to propose designating the area of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge as wilderness, the highest level of federal protection that would ban oil and gas drilling, the newspaper reported, citing people briefed on the plan. 

 

 The move is certain to spark yet another fight with Republicans, who have fought for 35 years over how to manage what is known as ANWR, or the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. The vast region has huge petroleum reserves but also provides critical habitat for caribou, millions of migrating birds, polar bears and other wildlife.

 

 ""What’s coming is a stunning attack on our sovereignty and our ability to develop a strong economy that allows us, our children and our grandchildren to thrive,"" said the new Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee chairman, Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska,  in a statement to the Post.

 

 ""It’s clear this administration does not care about us, and sees us as nothing but a territory. … I cannot understand why this administration is willing to negotiate with Iran, but not Alaska. But we will not be run over like this. We will fight back with every resource at our disposal.""

 

 The state's Republican congressional delegation, along with the new governor, Bill Walker, sent out a joint news release Sunday morning calling the action ""an unprecedented assault on Alaska.""

 

 Walker, an independent, said in a statement that he may be forced to accelerate oil and gas permitting on state lands to compensate for the new federal restrictions.

 

 ""Having just given to Alaskans the State of the State and State of the Budget addresses, it’s clear that our fiscal challenges in both the short and long term would benefit significantly from increased oil production,"" Walker said. Roughly 40 billion barrels of the state’s untapped reserves are already in federal areas where oil and gas activity is blocked or restricted, he pointed out.

 

 The announcement, which could come on Sunday, is likely the first in a series of decisions the administration will make in the coming week about Alaska's oil and gas production. The administration also plans to block part of the Arctic Ocean from drilling.",1
4425,Fox News has no shame: Easily duped wingnuts spout phony science and climate-change lies,"Back in 2013 these stooges were promoting the phony notion that “Arctic ice has grown to a record level!” It hadn’t. After that debacle, they claimed UN scientists had found their predictions of warming were off by 50 percent or more. They weren’t. More recently, they were pushing the false claim that the globe has been cooling ever since 1998. It hasn’t been. And, of course, when all else failed, they could always fall back on their old standby: weaning ourselves from dangerous fossil fuels won’t make any difference anyway because China would never do the same. But, of course, China is now doing so at a rate that should embarrass these jackasses. But it won’t. Because they are never embarrassed about being wrong.

So, with 2014 recently clocking in as the hottest year for the planet on record, according to every major world agency that measures such things, and with 13 of the hottest years on record all falling within the past 15 years, these clowns are getting pretty desperate for something — anything — to use to keep the denialist scam going on behalf of the most profitable industry in the history of civilization.

The latest such scam, helpfully propagated on several Fox “News” shows last week, is that the so-called “scientists” have been caught red-handed in the act of “lying” about raw temperature data! That’s right! They have been manipulating the data to exaggerate the extent of global warming!

Except, of course, they haven’t, and they aren’t…

During an episode of “Outnumbered” on Fox “News” last week, in which the hosts were outraged — outraged! — about an interview in which President Obama correctly asserted that more Americans are affected by climate change than by terrorism, Fox’s mononymously-named Kennedy interrupted the show’s guest, attorney Mark Eiglarsh, to nail him with the newest false claim of climate denialists.

Eiglarsh asked: “Is there anything factually incorrect about the statement that more Americans…?”

Eiglarsh ignored her and continued: “…More Americans are impacted by climate change [than by terrorism]?”

“What about the Telegraph report that shows the original data versus the published data? The NASA published data!” Kennedy continued. “There was a great disparity because they lied about the actual data until someone went back to these weather stations in South America and Antarctica and thought, ‘Hmm, maybe something is amiss here?’ And they realized there is a scandalous discrepancy in what we have been sold!”

Well, no, they didn’t. Setting aside Kennedy’s confusion between the Arctic and Antarctica — an easy enough mistake to make — her spirited “gotcha” assertion was still flat wrong.

She was hardly the first stooge to be taken in by it.

Days earlier, Rush Limbaugh announced: “We have documented that so much of what they say is untrue, one of the biggest is the hoax of global warming which the UK Telegraph, as a story yesterday exposes it, may be the biggest hoax in all of science ever!”

Days earlier, daffy Christian Broadcast Network host Pat Robertson dutifully parroted the same inaccurate nonsense on his “700 Club” show: “A climate expert, ya know, has come out and said that they have actually manipulated the figures to try and prove global warming.”

On the same day, on another Fox show, “The Five,” former White House Press Secretary turned Fox “News” host Dana Perino echoed the same false claim during another segment attempting to downplay concerns about global warming in favor of concerns about terrorism.

Perino said the White House is “actually kind of lucky that we don’t cover climate change as much as we should. Because yesterday, it was reported that the temperature readings have been fabricated and it’s all blowing up in their faces.”

Another host on the show declared that it was “fraud science!” Perino answered, “Yes, I agree.”

So, just as in the past — as with the bullshit report about Arctic ice, or the bullshit revelations that scientists were off in their predictions by 50 percent, or the bullshit claims about a pause or reversal of warming since 1998, or the bullshit assertion that China is unwilling to do anything about its own carbon emissions — Rupert Murdoch’s Fox “News” and its bedfellows can once again be relied upon to endlessly echo the latest bullshit-that-seems-legit-but-is-in-fact-bullshit portending to expose the great “hoax” that is global warming.

Politifact — which is not always a reliable source for news itself — decided to take a look at Perino’s version of the claim. In this case, they got it right and declared Perino’s assertion as a “Pants-on-Fire Lie.”

So here’s how this latest scam came to be taken for gospel by the incurious wingnut dupes, along with the actual facts debunking the false claim.

An opinion piece by Christopher Booker in the the Telegraph, a right-wing British newspaper, declared that “Fiddling with temperature data is the biggest science scandal ever!” The column was a follow-up to another Booker piece two weeks earlier, headlined “How we are STILL being tricked by flawed data on global warming,” in which climate change-denying blogger Paul Homewood was cited for having busted scientists for faking temperature data at three weather stations in Paraguay.

“In each instance,” Booker asserted, based on Homewood’s findings, “the actual trend of 60 years of data had been dramatically reversed, so that a cooling trend was changed to one that showed a marked warming.”

Booker reported that Homewood subsequently discovered other similar cases where temperature recordings had been adjusted in both South America and in some locations in the Arctic, to make the average daily temperatures appear to have warmed over the past 60 years, instead of cooled, which the deniers are claiming. “In nearly every case, the same one-way adjustments have been made, to show warming up to 1 degree C or more higher than was indicated by the data that was actually recorded,” Booker writes, before going on to describe the data as a “wholesale manipulation of the official temperature record,” as part of the “most costly scare the world has known.”

You’ll be stunned to learn that the claims by Booker, based on Homewood’s revelations — and dutifully repeated over and again by the wingnuts — are all, actually, bullshit. The “controversy” comes from adjustments made to the stream of raw data from thousands of land- and sea-based weather stations around the globe in order to keep them consistent, so that an apples-to-apples comparison of temperatures can be made over time, even as the location of weather stations — and the technology used since the mid-1800s to measure those temperatures — changes. “For instance,” Politifact explains, “local officials might move a station from a valley to a nearby hilltop. They might change the time of day when they record their measurements from sunrise to sunset. They might change the kind of thermometer they use. In the ocean, the practice once was to haul up a bucket of water. Later, the standard practice was to measure the temperature from the engine’s intake valve.” Researchers at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) must then make adjustments to some of those raw temps “to account for the human factors that would skew the data regardless of what happened with actual temperatures.” “The temperature records are based on weather station data. But people didn’t expect the data to be used for monitoring long-term climate change when they started collecting it,” the University of York’s Dr. Kevin Cowtan explained in a video debunking the first misleading Telegraph article on this a few weeks ago. “It was for recording the weather, hence the name weather station. As a result they weren’t always very careful about changes to the instruments or their usage. When we change an instrument we have to recalibrate to ensure the new instrument gives the same readings as the old one. The original weather station operators didn’t always do this. So NOAA have to do a retrospective calibration by comparing nearby weather stations.” So, yes, Homewood has “busted” NOAA scientists making adjustments to their raw data in a number of locations. The problem, however, is that when all such adjustments are examined, the changes actually lower global temperatures trends overall. The issue is perhaps best described in the Politifact piece by Zeke Hausfather, a data scientist with Berkley Earth, a group of researchers that have been funded in the past by the climate-denying Koch brothers (which is a point not noted by Politifact). Hausfather says the data cited by Homewood have been cherry-picked in order to seed doubt in climate change science [emphasis added]… “(They) look through all those thousands of stations, find a few that show big adjustments, and tell everyone that they are evidence of fraud,” Hausfather said. “You will rarely see them pick out stations likeReno, Paris, London, Tokyo, or many others where the adjustments dramatically lower the warming trend.” Hausfather and his colleagues traced how the adjustment methods changed the temperature data differently around the world since 1850. In the graph below, zero is the baseline. Above zero, temperatures have been adjusted upward, below it temperatures have been adjusted downward.   In the United States, with about 5 percent of Earth’s land area, the official data file raised temperatures compared to the original readings. But the same methods lowered the data records in Africa, and for all land-based readings taken together, the adjustments basically made no change at all (the black line). With ocean temperature trends, the efforts to compensate for the human factor lower the numbers dramatically. “The net effect of adjustments is to actually reduce the amount of global warming we’ve observed since 1880 by about 20 percent,” Hausfather said. “Folks skeptical of temperature adjustments are welcome not to use them if they’d like, but you end up with more global warming, not less.” Got that? Yes, some adjustments serve to increase the temperature trends. But, overall, the adjustments actually serve to lower the increase in temperatures across the globe over the last 150 years “by about 20 percent.” “It is important to keep in mind that the largest adjustment in the global surface temperature record occurs over the oceans,” NOAA told Media Matters in an email last week. “Adjustments to account for the transition in sea surface temperature observing methods actually lowers global temperature trends.” Want to do away with all of those adjustments, Fox “News”? OK. But if you do, the problem of human-caused global warming is even worse than climate scientists are now reporting it to be. And, by the way, though Politifact doesn’t mention it, most of the “experts” they consulted in their article disabusing the claims by Perino, Booker and Homewood all happen to be, like the Koch-funded Berkley group, noted climate change skeptics themselves. For his part, as Ars Technica’s John Timmer notes, Booker’s Wikipedia entry “shows that he has a lot of issues with science in general, claiming that things like asbestos and second-hand smoke are harmless, and arguing against evolution. So, this sort of immunity to well-established evidence seems to be a recurring theme in his writing.” None of that, naturally, disqualifies him from being a source for Fox and friends when it comes to “The Biggest Science Scandal Ever!” And it’s effective. The article earned the Telegraph a ton of traffic (there are 28,872 comments on the item, if that’s any indication) and the bulk of the chumps who clicked on the page bought the bullshit — a survey at the end asks readers if they believed global warming has “been exaggerated by scientists.” 91 percent of the 127,199 readers who answered the online poll believe it has been. Nonetheless, whether Big Carbon’s stooges have fallen for it or not, another climate change denier myth is quashed. Don’t worry though. This one will be repeated anyway, and then another will most assuredly rise up in its place soon enough. And there will be enough Fox “News” dupes — both viewers and “reporters” — willing to both buy and sell it. All meant to continue delaying necessary changes that might help stave off our planetary climate crisis, just so that the fossil fuel industry and its supporters can continue to make ever more profits for as long as possible, cause fuck all of you liberal lefty tree-hugging science-loving communists who have fallen for the great “hoax” that humanity should live on a livable planet.",1
23,"House OKs bill blocking Planned Parenthood funds, amid shutdown worries","The House voted Friday to block federal funding to Planned Parenthood for a year and curb some abortion practices, in the chamber's first legislative response to videos showing the abortion provider's tissue harvesting practices.

The Planned Parenthood ""de-fund"" bill passed 241-187, on a nearly party-line vote.

Hanging over the debate, though, was the possibility of a government shutdown showdown. Republican leaders brought the legislation to the floor as they try to address lawmakers' outrage over the videos. Some conservatives originally wanted to demand Planned Parenthood be de-funded as part of a must-pass government budget bill; House leaders tried a different tack Friday with the two bills, which are not tied to the overall budget.

The stand-alone measures, though, stand little chance of becoming law. The Senate has not yet acted on the issue. And the bills not only face opposition from most Democrats but veto threats from the White House.

That means some conservatives could still want to tie the issue to the budget package, as a means of leverage. Congress has until the end of the month to pass a new budget, or else parts of the government could again start to shutter, as happened in 2013.

On Friday, House GOP Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., downplayed the chances of such drama.

""We will pass a bill that funds the government,"" he told Fox News.

The bills approved Friday were a reaction to videos showing Planned Parenthood officials casually describing how they provide researchers with tissue from aborted fetuses. The anti-abortion activists who secretly recorded the videos say they show that Planned Parenthood is illegally profiting from organ sales. The organization says it's broken no laws and is being victimized by deceitfully edited recordings.

""Anyone who watches those videos -- they are horrific,"" McCarthy told Fox News. ""Aborting live babies for profit -- why would anybody want to spend tax dollars for that?""

The first bill would block Planned Parenthood's federal funds for a year. The other would impose criminal penalties on doctors who don't try saving infants born alive during abortions.

But with the overall government funding issue not resolved, Democrats once again have taken to accusing Republicans of playing games with the economy. The White House, in a statement released Thursday evening, said Obama called the shutdown threat ""a game of chicken with our economy that we cannot accept.""

It's a tricky situation for House Speaker John Boehner, who wants to avoid a partial government shutdown while preventing a rebellion in the ranks.

""Our leaders wave the white flag every time there's a confrontation,"" said Rep. Mark Salmon, R-Ariz. Rep. Thomas Massie, R-Ky., said Boehner wants to ""implement what the lobbyists want, not what the constituents of our district want.""

At a closed meeting Thursday among House Republicans, leaders unveiled internal polling that attendees said showed most people would oppose a government shutdown -- even those who have seen the videos and oppose financing Planned Parenthood.

Many Republicans argued that the polling showed a shutdown fight would be damaging and unwinnable, especially since Senate Democrats already derailed a bill erasing Planned Parenthood's funds.

""Pounding on the table doesn't turn 54 into 60 in the Senate,"" said Rep. Tom Cole, R-Okla., referring to the number of GOP senators and the number it would take to end Democratic filibusters.

The bill by Rep. Diane Black, R-Tenn., would transfer Planned Parenthood's federal money to thousands of government-backed community health centers. Supporters say that would keep women's health care intact, but opponents say those centers are overwhelmed and often far from women who need them.

Planned Parenthood gets around $450 million yearly in federal payments, mostly Medicaid reimbursements for handling low-income patients, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. That's around one-third of the $1.3 billion yearly budget for the organization, which has nearly 700 clinics and provides sexual disease testing, contraceptives and abortions.

Conservatives' determination to block Planned Parenthood's money has been partly fueled by the race for the GOP's presidential nomination. Several candidates used their Wednesday night debate to urge lawmakers to turn off that funding spigot.

But spotlighting GOP divisions, Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., wrote Thursday to Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, one of the presidential hopefuls. Cruz wants Republicans to oppose financing the government unless Planned Parenthood's money is cut off, defending his effort during the debate by saying, ""I'm proud to stand for life.""

Ayotte, who faces her own tough re-election fight next year, wrote that she opposed risking a partial shutdown ""given the challenges and threats we face at home and abroad"" and asked, ""What is your strategy to succeed in actually defunding Planned Parenthood?""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3812,State of the Union recap: Obama sells optimism to nervous nation,"Washington (CNN) Putting aside a sudden crisis with Iran, President Barack Obama on Tuesday urged Americans in his final State of the Union address to reject the politics of tribalism and fear that have rocked the campaign to find his successor and to build a ""clear-eyed, big-hearted"" and ""optimistic"" nation.

Delivering his annual report to the nation, Obama did not name Republican 2016 candidates. But he took clear, implied shots at them nevertheless, particularly front-runner Donald Trump, as well as Sens. Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz. America's destiny, the President said, was imperiled by a political system festering in malice, gridlock and in the grip of the rich and the powerful.

Obama also took on critics who accuse him of weakening American power abroad and Republicans who say he is underplaying the threat from radical Islamist groups such as ISIS. He mocked the contention that fighters on ""on the back of pickup trucks and twisted souls plotting in apartments or garages"" represented an existential threat to America.

Rubio takes a selfie with Sen. Lisa Murkowski before the State of the Union.

Rubio takes a selfie with Sen. Lisa Murkowski before the State of the Union.

Kim Davis, center, the Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk who refused to sign marriage licenses for same-sex couples, arrives before the speech.

Kim Davis, center, the Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk who refused to sign marriage licenses for same-sex couples, arrives before the speech.

Tuesday's address before a packed House chamber marked the debut of new House Speaker Ryan -- a longtime Obama rival -- on the platform alongside Vice President Biden.

Tuesday's address before a packed House chamber marked the debut of new House Speaker Ryan -- a longtime Obama rival -- on the platform alongside Vice President Biden.

First lady Michelle Obama sits beside an empty chair as her husband speaks. The chair represents the victims of gun violence in America.

First lady Michelle Obama sits beside an empty chair as her husband speaks. The chair represents the victims of gun violence in America.

Obama gives copies of his speech to Biden and Ryan.

Obama gives copies of his speech to Biden and Ryan.

Biden points at Obama during the State of the Union.

Biden points at Obama during the State of the Union.

Obama reads from the text of his State of the Union address.

Obama reads from the text of his State of the Union address.

President Barack Obama delivers his final State of the Union address before a joint session of Congress on Capitol Hill on Tuesday, January 12.

President Barack Obama delivers his final State of the Union address before a joint session of Congress on Capitol Hill on Tuesday, January 12.

The President acknowledged that a torrent of change, technological advances and economic dislocation has left many Americans fearful of the future and anxious as social structures that have underpinned the life of the nation for decades fray. But he urged them not to fall prey to the periodic temptation that has emerged throughout history to alienate minorities and resist social change.

""Each time, there have been those who told us to fear the future; who claimed we could slam the brakes on change, promising to restore past glory if we just got some group or idea that was threatening America under control,"" Obama said. ""And each time, we overcame those fears.""

""We made change work for us, always extending America's promise outward, to the next frontier, to more and more people. And because we did -- because we saw opportunity where others saw only peril -- we emerged stronger and better than before.""

Economic opportunity, security and a sustainable, peaceful planet are possible, he said, if the country could return to ""rational, constructive debates.""

""It will only happen if we fix our politics,"" he said.

In a way, Obama's seventh and last State of the Union address was a microcosm of his entire presidency: He invoked a chorus of hope and optimism about America's destiny and the transformative nature of change but was undercut by the poisoned political divides he has been unable to narrow -- and that have even grown during his presidency. Then he encountered fierce opposition from Republicans who believe he has transformed the nation by eroding its exceptional qualities and thwarting the Constitution.

Meanwhile, a foreign policy crisis raging in the Middle East after Iran seized 10 U.S. sailors exemplified the struggles in which Obama has had to impose U.S. authority in an increasingly chaotic world that has challenged his core mission of ending costly American wars abroad.

Secretary of State John Kerry told CNN that the service members would be released ""very soon."" And Obama did not address the crisis in his speech but defended the legacy-building deal reached to halt Iran's nuclear weapons program.

While Obama, in deference to his ebbing power as a lame-duck president, avoided the long list of legislative proposals that Congress has no intention of taking up, he strongly defended his domestic record, claiming credit for 14 million new jobs and a halving of the unemployment rate. He said those who claimed the economy was in decline are ""peddling fiction.""

He rebuked politicians who draw congressional districts to protect safe seats and vowed to launch a national effort to secure voting rights, an issue particularly important to minority communities. And he named Vice President Joe Biden, who lost his beloved son Beau to cancer last year, to head ""Mission Control"" in a new ""moon shot"" to cure the disease. He told conservatives who deny climate change to ""have at it"" because they were defying the world.

Obama also vowed -- once again -- to fight to close the war on terror camp at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, renewing one of the first promises of his presidency that has been thwarted by Congress. He called the facility a ""recruitment brochure for our enemies and was expensive and unnecessary.""

The first African-American president also offered a detailed rebuttal of the kind of politics that alienates people rather than unites them. At times, Obama was almost pleading with his audience to embrace the vision of hope and change that swept him to power and then was sullied by the bitter realities of polarized politics over a darker vision of America's character.

""What I am asking for his hard. It's easier to be cynical; to accept that change isn't possible, and politics is hopeless, and to believe that our voices and actions don't matter,"" Obama said.

""But if we give up now, then we forsake a better future.""

It seemed clear that the President had Trump in his thoughts.

""As frustration grows, there will be voices urging us to fall back into tribes, to scapegoat fellow citizens who don't look like us, or pray like us, or vote like we do, or share the same background,"" Obama said, voicing a familiar critique of Democrats and some Republicans at the rhetoric of the billionaire real estate mogul whose populist campaign has taken American politics by storm.

""We can't afford to go down that path. It won't deliver the economy we want, or the security we want, but most of all, it contradicts everything that makes us the envy of the world.""

In the Republican response, South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley also -- after criticizing Obama's policies -- offered a repudiation of Trump, decrying the ""siren call of the angriest voices.""

Obama appeared to relish the chance to take on Republican critics who have lambasted his performance as commander in chief.

""I told you earlier all the talk of America's economic decline is political hot air. Well, so is all the rhetoric you hear about our enemies getting stronger and America getting weaker. The United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth. Period. It's not even close,"" Obama said.

The man who burst on the political scene by rejecting the notion that there was a red America or a blue America also diagnosed a sick political system.

""It doesn't work if we think the people who disagree with us are all motivated by malice, or that our political opponents are unpatriotic,"" Obama warned, and even accepted a share of the blame for not uniting warring political factions.

""It's one of the few regrets of my presidency --  that the rancor and suspicion between the parties has gotten worse instead of better. There's no doubt a president with the gifts of Lincoln or Roosevelt might have better bridged the divide, and I guarantee I'll keep trying to be better so long as I hold this office.

And he slammed Republicans who have responded to the spread of ISIS across much of the Middle East and the group's apparent widening of its target list to Europe and the United States, by warning that its rise is a threat to America itself.

""As we focus on destroying ISIL, over-the-top claims that this is World War III just play into their hands,"" Obama said.

""They do not threaten our national existence. That's the story ISIL wants to tell; that's the kind of propaganda they use to recruit,"" Obama said, warning against pushing away vital Americans allies in the Middle East by ""echoing the lie"" that the group represents Islam.

""We just need to call them what they are  -- killers and fanatics who have to be rooted out, hunted down, and destroyed,"" he said, warning that ""tough talk or calls to carpet bomb civilians"" may work as a soundbite but don't pass muster on the world stage. Obama's comments appeared aimed at Cruz, who has warned he would carpet bomb ISIS and Rubio, who says America is waging an existential fight against radical Islamic terrorism.

The Iran incident complicated Obama's effort to counter claims by critics that the escalating chaos in the Middle East is the result of a deficit of U.S. leadership and emboldened attacks by GOP presidential candidates who contend his ""weak"" performance as commander in chief has opened vacuums exploited by U.S. enemies.

Republican candidates and lawmakers immediately seized on the incident to charge that Obama has emboldened Iran's aggressive behavior in its neighborhood by offering sanctions relief in return for a halting of its nuclear weapons program.

""This is the latest manifestation of the weakness of Barack Obama, that every bad actor ... views Obama as a laughingstock,"" Cruz said on WRKO radio.

Rubio said Iran's provocations were the result of having a ""weak president"" in the Oval Office. ""Iran is testing the boundaries of this administration's resolve. And they know the boundaries are pretty wide and this administration is willing to let them get away with many things,"" said Rubio on Fox News.

And Colorado Republican Sen. Cory Gardner told CNN's Jake Tapper on ""The Lead"" that Obama should delay the start of his speech ""to talk about what has happened.""

Republicans agree with Obama that his presidency has been transformational -- but in a bad way. They believe he has presided over anemic growth rates, wielded executive power on immigration, gun control and climate change to thwart the Constitution, is oblivious to the severity of Islamist terrorism and has engineered an era of declining American power in the world.

Haley painted an unflattering picture of Obama's America and said the nation would soon have a chance to turn the page in remarks which also seemed to be a repudiation of Trump.

""The President's record has often fallen far short of his soaring words,"" Haley said.

""Many Americans are still feeling the squeeze of an economy too weak to raise income levels. We're feeling a crushing national debt, a health care plan that has made insurance less affordable and doctors less available, and chaotic unrest in many of our cities. Even worse, we are facing the most dangerous terrorist threat our nation has seen since September 11th, and this president appears either unwilling or unable to deal with it.""

Haley took a shot at Obama's foreign policy record, saying a Republican president would ""make international agreements that were celebrated in Israel and protested in Iran, not the other way around.""

The governor also highlighted her personal story as a daughter of Indian immigrants and draw a contrast with some of the rhetoric currently on display in the primary campaign.

""Today, we live in a time of threats like few others in recent memory,"" she said. ""During anxious times, it can be tempting to follow the siren call of the angriest voices. We must resist that temptation. No one who is willing to work hard, abide by our laws, and love our traditions should ever feel unwelcome in this country.""

Tuesday's address before a packed House chamber also marked the debut of House Speaker Paul Ryan -- a longtime Obama rival -- on the platform alongside Biden.

And as per tradition, one Cabinet member did not attend the speech. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson was named as the ""designated survivor.""",1
5233,"Clinton, Trump at First Debate: Was It All America Expected?","It was a showdown millions of Americans have been anticipating ever since Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton emerged as the Republican and Democratic nominees for the presidency.

Debate moderator NBC's Lester Holt navigated the candidates through three main issues, including achieving prosperity, America's direction, and securing America.

The debate fired off with questions about how each candidate plans on securing more jobs for Americans. Trump's strategy is to keep American companies from seeking cheaper work outside of America, while Clinton proposed taxing the wealthy to ""build an economy for everyone.""



 Get the latest analysis and coverage

 from your trusted CBN News political team.

But the stage heated up when Holt questioned the candidates about their tax returns, specifically asking Trump why he has yet to release his to the public.

""I will release my tax returns against my lawyer's wishes when she (Clinton) releases her 33,000 emails that have been deleted,"" Trump fired back, drawing audible cheers from the crowd.

Clinton's emails have been a constant pressure point in her campaign, leading many Americans to question their trust for the Democratic nominee.

""I made a mistake using a private email,"" Clinton responded. ""I take full responsibility for that.""

Clinton skirted the issue and neither candidate addressed the email scandal again throughout the entirety of the debate.

Another hot topic was the issue of race. The questions came under the shadow of several deadly police shootings of black men in recent weeks that has left America divided and frustrated.

Both candidates agree they must work to restore trust between communities and the police, but they took very different stances on how to lower high crime rates in cities like Chicago.

""The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death among African American men,"" Clinton argued, saying dangerous people should never be allowed to own guns.

Although Trump agreed that there needs to be better vetting of gun ownership, he emphasized ""law and order"" and better policing.

""We have to be very strong and we have to be very vigilant,"" he added.

But Clinton believes Americans need to be more vigilant about how they interect with their Muslim communities and questioned Trump's own sentiments about Muslims.

""Donald has consistently insulted Muslims abroad and Muslims at home when we need to be cooperating with Muslim nations,"" she said. ""We need to have close working cooperation with law enforcement agencies in these communities, not be alienated and pushed away as some of Donald's rhetoric unfortunately has led to""

Both candidates agreed to be vigilant against terror threats abroad and at home.

""We have to intensify our air strikes against ISIS,"" Clinton said, including taking out top ISIS commander Abu Bakr al Baghdadi.

But Trump questioned why in her more than 30 years of political experience she is just now considering this option.

""You were there and you were secretary of state when it (ISIS) was a little infant, now it's in over 30 countries and you're going to stop them? I don't think so,"" Trump said.

Clinton is known for using her decades of political experience as a leg up over political outsider Trump. But Trump believes it is her experience that is precisely the reason Clinton is unfit for the presidency.

""Hillary has experience,"" Trump said. ""But it is bad experience,"" he said, citing the Iranian nuclear deal. He calls the deal ""one of the worst deals"" any country has ever made.

Both of the candidates were eager to defend their turf right up the the last seconds of the debate, raising the anticipation many Americans have for the second round of debates next week.

Earlier in the evening social media was swarming with talk of fact-checking Trump. The social talk continued after the debate with most people posting in favor of their candidate.

CBN News Chief Political Correspondent David Brody tweeted a brief analysis of both, saying Clinton ""stayed calm"" with a solid performance but sounding scripted.

He tweeted Trump ""started strong, then lost focus... but I'm sure his base loved fighting spirit.""

While Americans are left to decide who won their vote, one thing is clear: the fight for the presidency is not over yet.",1
3284,Harry Reid endorses Chuck Schumer to succeed him as Senate Democratic leader,"Senate Minority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) has endorsed Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) to succeed him after he retires at the end of 2016.

""I think Schumer should be able to succeed me,"" Reid said in a Friday morning interview at his home in Washington's West End.

Reid predicted that Schumer, the No. 3 Senate Democrat in leadership and a close friend, would win the Democratic leader post without opposition. He said that the other likely contender, Senate Minority Whip Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.), would stand down for Schumer.

Reid and Durbin spoke by phone at about 11 a.m. Friday.

Reid called Schumer ""extremely smart"" and noted the brash, energetic New Yorker would have a ""different style"" than his own soft talking demeanor.

Seemingly comfortable with his decision to not run for re-election, Reid said the liberal wing of the Democratic Party should have faith in Schumer, whose ties to Wall Street fueled his fundraising prowess and helped Democrats win the majority in 2006 and expand it to a super-majority in 2009. Those ties have some liberals questioning whether Schumer should lead the party, but Reid said that Sens. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) would serve as the torch bearers for the populist wing and hold the caucus's feet to the fire.

Of his own decision, Reid said he did not want to win another term and grow old in office, saying he wanted to be remembered for his ""first 34 years"" in Congress and not the last few years.

A devout baseball fan, Reid said he never wanted to grow old and not be a real force in the Senate. ""I don't want to be a pinch hitter,"" he said.

Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) released a video announcing he does not intend to run for reelection at the end of his term. Reid said his decision has nothing to do with the injuries he sustained on Jan. 1, 2015. (YouTube/Nevada Senator Harry Reid)",1
3433,How Scalia's death could change Supreme Court and Election 2016,"Antonin Scalia was a conservative giant on the Supreme Court. His death will affect this Supreme Court term, the future balance of the court, and the 2016 election.

Why Trump says he wants to ditch plans for new Air Force One

An American flag flies at half-staff in front of the US Supreme Court in Washington Sunday morning in honor of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who died this weekend.

The passing of Justice Antonin Scalia substantially undercuts the ability of the United States Supreme Court to decide some of the most contentious national issues currently pending at the high court.

In addition, it thrusts the nation’s highest court into a glaring spotlight in this year’s presidential election, and it sets the stage for a year-long confrontation between President Obama and Sentate Republicans over not just who should fill the vacant high court seat but how fast the nomination and confirmation process should proceed.

On a human level, Justice Scalia’s sudden death Saturday while on a hunting trip in Texas casts a pall over the institution he loved and served for nearly three decades. He is being remembered by friends and colleagues as one of the most influential justices in a generation, and perhaps in high court history.

They are praising his intellect, his wit, and a combative style from the bench that had a capacity to endear and enrage. He was a gifted writer and, at times, an uncompromising critic of judges and fellow justices with whom he disagreed.

“His brilliance and wit not only lit up a pen; they lit up a room,” said Amy Barrett, a Notre Dame law professor and former Scalia law clerk, in a statement. “He was larger than life, and it is difficult to imagine life without him in it.”

Scalia’s most enduring contribution to American jurisprudence may ultimately be his self-professed fidelity to originalism and his rejection of the concept that the US Constitution is a living document that should be liberally reinterpreted by the courts. Instead, Scalia preached the virtues of remaining faithful to the text – the actual words – in the Constitution or in a statute.

To Scalia, and the growing number of conservative scholars and judges who follow his approach, originalism is a safeguard against judges using their lifetime appointments to amend the Constitution or statutes to reflect their personal policy preferences.

He believed that it was for lawmakers to make laws and that it was for judges to confine themselves to giving no greater or lesser force to the resulting measure.

In a statement to the nation on Saturday night, President Obama praised Scalia as a “brilliant legal mind with an energetic style, incisive wit, and colorful opinions.”

Obama ordered flags across the country to be flown at half-staff in honor of Scalia.

But the president also made clear that he planned to move forward with a nomination to fill the vacant seat at the high court. He called on the Senate to give his nominee a “fair hearing and a timely vote.”

The vacant high court seat is significant because the Supreme Court had been divided with five justices nominated by Republican presidents and four nominated by Democratic presidents. Now, with Scalia’s passing, the divide is four to four.

If Scalia’s seat is filled by a more liberal-leaning Democratic nominee it could substantially shift the balance of power on the high court in a liberal direction in the full range of hot button issues.

It is for that reason that Democrats are already pushing hard for a relatively quick nomination by Obama and a Senate vote this year on that nominee.

For the same reason, Republicans, who currently hold a majority of Senate seats, are insisting that the nomination and any vote be delayed until after the November presidential election.

Senator Chuck Grassley, (R) of Iowa, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in a statement that standard-practice for 80 years has been that Supreme Court nominations and confirmations should not proceed during a presidential election year.

“Given the huge divide in the country, and the fact that this president, above all others, has made no bones about his goal to use the courts to circumvent Congress and push through his own agenda, it only makes sense that we defer to the American people who will elect a new president to select the next Supreme Court justice,” Senator Grassley said.

As for the ongoing work at the Supreme Court itself, what had looked to become one of the most momentous Supreme Court terms in years suddenly looks a lot less so.

In the next three months, the justices are set to hear cases examining abortion restrictions in Texas, the contraception mandate in Obamacare, and whether President Obama acted constitutionally in his executive action on immigration.

Now, with one less vote in the court’s conservative wing, the court appears split four to four between liberals and conservatives.

That doesn’t mean there won’t be significant decisions. For example, if Justice Anthony Kennedy joins his liberal colleagues in the Texas abortion case, as some analysts expect, that could lead to a 5-to-3 decision striking down all or part of the Texas abortion restrictions. That decision could be a landmark and Scalia’s absence would be felt only in the loss of what would likely be a fiery dissenting opinion.

But in the contraceptive mandate case and the Obama immigration cases, the loss of Scalia’s vote could result in a 4-to-4 tie that would leave the lower court decisions in place. Such an outcome would resolve those cases, but set no national precedent.

Legal experts note that decisions in cases that have already been heard in oral argument by the court but not yet publicly announced may change with the loss of Scalia’s vote. Those cases include a dispute testing whether unions representing public employees can require nonmembers to pay fair share fees to a union for collective bargaining. Analysts anticipated that the court might rule 5 to 4 against the unions. That outcome is now unlikely.

In addition, the court was preparing a decision in a case raising a fundamental question about the meaning of “one person, one vote,” and how voting districts are drawn in Texas. The outcome of that case is now also in doubt.

The high court is also considering a potential landmark case examining the use of race in an affirmative action plan at the University of Texas at Austin. But the loss of Scalia’s vote may not undercut a final decision in that case because Justice Elena Kagan is not participating in the dispute. So a 4-to-3 vote is possible.",1
2492,What Trump Will Never Understand About Immigrants,"The teacher thought Feliz Diaz, like those other immigrants from the wrong side of the tracks, was weak and afraid. Someone learned a lesson that day.

Felix Diaz grew up on the wrong side of the Union Pacific railroad tracks in the town of Victorville, California. Victorville is in the Mojave Desert, 100 miles or so from Los Angeles. His father—Porfirio—worked in the cement plant and Carmen, his mother, sewed the family’s clothes. Felix was the youngest of four brothers, and the smallest, the last in line. The shirts he wore to school were hand-me-downs made of cement sacks.

The parents were in the U.S. illegally and every move they made, most of their adult lives, was weighed against the chance of being discovered and deported. The school was called Eva Dell Elementary and Felix’s third-grade teacher—Miss Appleberry—was 40 or so, but new to teaching, unsure of herself around kids, unsure of herself around Mexicans, and maybe because of that, or partly because of that, she yelled a lot. Maybe she was just a natural yeller. Here is how Felix remembers it:

At work then, as now, is the prevalent idea that anyone who doesn’t speak fluent American is at least a little slow. This idea was part of Miss Appleberry’s thinking, even though most of the students in her class were growing up in homes where little English was spoken. Miss Appleberry, in turn, spoke no Spanish. Felix Diaz—who turns 82 this July—remembers this like last week.

Not to make excuses, because there are none for this, but teaching kids who do not speak English requires patience—rope—and Miss Appleberry came to the end of hers early. Not far into the school year she brought out a paddle, and announced a spelling test. “I’m sick of you Mexicans not spelling properly,” she said.

Like everybody else, Mr. Riles walked to work. He smoked two cigarettes on the way there, every afternoon. The first one he lighted as he left his house. He walked halfway to the plant, lit his second cigarette off the first one, and dropped the butt on the ground. Felix collected Mr. Riles’ butts and made cigarettes of his own. And it was from those cigarettes he got tuberculosis.

The Mexicans—and the much smaller number of blacks in town—shared a single ward for TB patients. Felix Diaz remembers that just hours before a tubercular patient died the nurses would say, “He’s hemorrhaging,” and put up a screen to hide the spray of blood coming up out of the dying man’s mouth. That was the way Mr. Riles died and the way Felix expected to die, too. No one ever took the few minutes to explain to him what was going on, and when a doctor and a nurse came in one morning and told him they were all set to take out his tonsils that afternoon, Felix, who didn’t know what tonsils were, thought the operating room was where they took you to die.

And so the morning we were talking about he sat at his desk as Miss Appleberry announced each student’s scores, and took them one at a time into the hallway, closed the door and hit them with her paddle. Boys and girls alike. Felix remembers the flooring in the hallway was all wood and the sounds of the paddle, followed by the sounds of the 7- or 8-year-olds crying out, echoed clearly in the room. Thirty-five kids, sitting in terror or pain.

Felix shook his head no. Everyone else had gone with the teacher—and it is worth mentioning here that to this day teachers are held in higher regard in Latin cultures than they are in others. They are often called maestro or maestra—revered almost like priests.

Miss Appleberry began to scream, and in seconds whatever sweet authoritarian revenge she was enjoying in the hallway disappeared. She grabbed him, trying to jerk him out of his desk. But the desks in those days were attached to the chairs, and the chairs were bolted to the floor, and Felix and his desk did not move. Miss Appleberry shook him, still screaming, her hard, narrow face balled up like a fist, but he would not let go. She had long fingernails and she scratched his arms and they bled. But he clung to the chair.

And unlike the parking lot at a Trump rally, in the end there was a compromise. She let go of the paddle, he let go of the desk, and Miss Appleberry dragged him down the hall to the school principal, Mr. Mullen. Eva Dell Elementary did not have much money and the principal had to teach a class of his own, too. Miss Appleberry brought Felix into his classroom and announced he’d refused to take his punishment.

It was not over, though. His arm was scabbing where it had bled and he knew his father would want to know what happened. He took his friend Leo along, knowing that his father would never take his word against a teacher’s. As mentioned, teachers were almost like priests.

The principal recognized Felix’s father—maybe from the arrangements they’d made while Felix was in the hospital—and begged him to intercede with the crowd. To explain for him that he understood what happened and promised they would never see Miss Appleberry again. And good to his word, in the morning she was gone, and nobody at Eva Dell Elementary ever saw her again. Even Felix Diaz does not know what happened to her afterward.

That was Southern California, 1942, and this is the repeating lesson of American history. Which is this: Dismissing people wholesale might give you free reign to bring out the paddle, but it doesn’t mean that some of those people won’t cling to the chair.",1
3766,Baltimore protests: Crowds stand firm after curfew,"- 11:59 p.m. ET: Police arrested two people for looting and one for disorderly conduct, Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said. But most of the 10 arrests made after the 10 p.m. curfew were for curfew violation.

- 11:55 p.m. ET: Baltimore police have made 10 arrests since the 10 p.m. curfew went into effect Tuesday night, Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said. But he said the curfew is working, and ""the city is stable.""

- 11:33 p.m. ET: Police have the situation under control in West Baltimore, which includes one of the most violent intersections of the past 24 hours. ""Twenty-four hours ago, that intersection had a burned out car, we saw a tavern being looted, we saw a liquor store being looted,"" CNN's Brian Todd said. On Tuesday night, aside from officers in riot gear standing next to armored vehicles, ""there's not a soul in sight,"" Todd said.

- 11:18 p.m. ET: Authorities with riot gear and heavy armored vehicles stood their ground in the neighborhood where Freddie Gray was arrested, but no clashes were underway more than an hour after Baltimore's city curfew went into effect. ""Everybody's kind of staring at everybody, seeing who blinks,"" CNN's Miguel Marquez said.

- 10:53 p.m. ET: Baltimore police said credentialed members of the media may continue covering events in the city after curfew, the department tweeted Tuesday night. Earlier, authorities in a helicopter told the media to move or possibly face arrest.

- The crowd has ""definitely lessened"" after police deployed pepper bullets and smoke canisters, CNN's Ryan Young said. But CNN's Chris Cuomo said some protesters have simply moved elsewhere.

- Police said late Tuesday on Twitter they were making arrests at one location, where they said people threw bricks and rocks at officers.

Defiant protesters squared off with police in some parts of Baltimore well after a citywide curfew went into effect Tuesday night.

Many protesters didn't budge after 10 p.m. curfew. Police said they have a ""wide range of discretion"" with how they enforce it, Baltimore police Capt. Eric Kowalczyk said before the curfew took effect.

""Officers are going to use common sense,"" he said.

Authorities, city leaders and fellow residents appealed for calm a day after the city devolved into chaos.

Some 2,000 National Guardsmen and more than 1,000 police officers from across Maryland and neighboring states were assigned to the streets of Baltimore on Tuesday night, Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said.

""This combined force will not tolerate violence or looting, which has led to the destruction of property and put innocent Marylanders at risk.""

Laquicha Harper, a 33-year-old resident, called the violence embarrassing and heartbreaking. ""We owe it to ourselves to do better,"" she said.

She was among those who responded to clean up the mess from Monday's violence.

Cars and building were burned. Police were hospitalized, businesses were looted, and hundreds of people were arrested.

""I understand that everybody is upset, I understand that tension is brewing ... I'm here, I get it,"" Harper said. ""But there are better ways that we can handle our frustration. And they can't hear us when we're behaving this way.""

Fixing it will require more investment in cities, criminal justice reform, better funding for education and soul-searching for some police departments, he said.

""If we really want to solve the problem, if our society really wanted to solve the problem, we could. It's just it would require everybody saying this is important, this is significant. And that we don't just pay attention to these communities when a CVS burns,"" the President said.

Still, no angst can excuse what Obama called the behavior of ""criminals and thugs who tore up"" Baltimore.

""When individuals get crowbars and start prying open doors to loot, they're not protesting. They're not making a statement. They're stealing,"" he said. ""When they burn down a building, they're committing arson. And they're destroying and undermining businesses and opportunities in their own communities. That robs jobs and opportunity from people in that area.""

No repeat of Monday night, governor says

Protesters rallied and marched Tuesday. Baltimore Police Capt. Eric Kowalczyk described them as peaceful, which he said is ""what we're used to seeing in Baltimore."" That said, about a dozen people had been arrested, according to the police captain.

Tuesday night, a group started attacking officers with rocks and bricks, and more arrests were made, police said.

Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said at noon that he didn't know of additional instances of looting, damage or violence. But he was mindful that may not be true for long, and said he's especially concerned about Tuesday night.

If there is another flare-up, Hogan said, authorities will be prepared with ""as much manpower and as many resources as we can (have).""

""They are not going to be in danger, and ... their property will be protected,"" he said of Baltimore residents and business owners. ""We're not going to have another repeat of what happened last night. It's not going to happen tonight.""

Hogan declared a state of emergency Monday evening -- after a request from Baltimore's mayor around 6 p.m. -- that, among other things, expedited the deployment of hundreds of National Guard members. Up to 5,000 of them are ready to answer the call to join Baltimore police and up to 5,000 law enforcement officers were requested from around the Mid-Atlantic region, said Col. William Pallozzi of the Maryland State Police.

Wednesday's game between the Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public, the Orioles announced. A source within Major League Baseball told CNN the league is not aware of any prior closed-door games in major league history.

There was no public school Tuesday, nor were there classes at Johns Hopkins University. Baltimore City Public Schools will reopen on Wednesday.

""Seeing my city like this breaks my heart. But, like so many Baltimoreans, my resolve is strong,"" the mayor tweeted. ""We will not let these deplorable and cowardly acts of violence ruin #OurCity.""

Meanwhile, citizens young and old are stepping up. They include people who came out to clean up, like Harper and 15-year-old Sulaiman Abdul-Aziz, who said he saw some of the mayhem.

""I felt disappointed,"" Abdul-Aziz said, ""because a lot of that could have been avoided if people would have started thinking before they would have done all that stuff.""

""We're talking about years and decades of mistrust, of misfortune, of despair that it's just coming out in anger,"" Scott said. ""No, it is not right for them to burn down their own city. But that is what's coming out of these young people.""

At least 20 officers were wounded in the unrest, according to Capt. Kowalczyk. One person is in critical condition as a result of a fire, he said.

""It's clear that what we have to do is change the culture within the Baltimore Police Department,"" Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said Tuesday. The process has been underway for more than two years, but there is more to do, he said.

Deray McKeeson, a community organizer who was active in Ferguson and is now in Baltimore, said that while he doesn't condone using destruction and violence, he understands it as a way some vent frustrations. ""Broken windows are not broken spines,"" he said.

McKeeson said the Baltimore vandalism, even the injuries to some officers, doesn't compare to the lost lives of Gray and other blacks at the hands of police. That's why he said protesters will remain out in full force, rallying against what they see as systemic injustice.

""Police have continued to kill people,"" the activist said. ""Tonight will be another night where people come out into the streets to confront a system that is corrupt.""

There were many other secondary casualties -- people who saw their neighborhoods torn apart, their homes and vehicles damaged, their hopes for stability and progress thwarted by the mayhem.

There were people like Cindy Oxendine, who took to the streets to sweep up rocks, glass and more despite her aching back.

""It started off peaceful, and it ends up like this,"" Oxendine told CNN affiliate WBAL. ""I've seen stuff like this on the news in other cities, but I never thought I would see it in front of my doorstep. It's crazy.""

In addition to the clashes with police came the flames, and investigators from the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are joining local authorities to look into arson, a federal law enforcement source said.

The same source said that dozens of fires that erupted around Baltimore appear to be tied to the unrest. This includes one that consumed an affordable housing center for seniors that was just months away from opening.

Pastor Donte Hickman of the Southern Baptist Church, which owns the facility, said 60 units of senior housing were lost.

""What happened ... destroyed so much of the progress that the people who actually live here have been working for,"" said Mayor Rawlings-Blake, calling Monday ""a very dark day for our city.""

But she found light in what she saw Tuesday.

""Today, I think we saw a lot more of what Baltimore is about. We saw people coming together to reclaim our city, to clean our city, and to help heal our city. I think this can be our defining moment,"" the mayor said.",1
2047,"Santorum talks 2016, minimum wage increase","(CNN) - As he considers another run for the White House, Rick Santorum is reaching out to working-class voters, bucking the GOP on the minimum wage and touting his new book in hopes of rebranding the Republican Party.

In an interview with CNN's Candy Crowley that aired Sunday on ""State of the Union,"" the former senator from Pennsylvania and 2012 Republican presidential candidate was candid on the possibility of launching another White House bid in 2016.

2016: ""I'm looking at it""

Santorum wouldn't throw his support behind a specific Republican on a list of possible 2016 White House contenders but admitted that he wrote his new book ""Blue-Collar Conservatives"" in part because he's considering launching another campaign.

""I'm looking for candidates who connect with average voters,"" he said. ""Someone who has a heart and an understanding of those difficult times those voters are going through, and whether it's Rick Santorum or somebody else - it's someone who has that appeal and connection.

""I put this book out there because I'm looking at it - whether other people join in; I hope they do. I've been talking to a lot of candidates across the country, saying, ‘you really need to look at this book and take the opportunity that's present right now to create a new image for this party. It doesn't have a very good one right now,’ "" Santorum added.

One issue that could create conflict between Republicans and average Americans is their opposition to increasing the minimum wage.

Dems seek to rally base over GOP's block of minimum wage bill

The Senate voted last month on raising the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour, but the bill failed to garner the 60 votes needed to pass. Only one Republican voted for the measure.

Santorum joins 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney and former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty as Republicans who have come out in favor of some sort of increase.

But Santorum, who long voted for minimum wage increases in his time in Congress, was quick to draw a distinction between his views on the issue and those of his former GOP presidential rival.

""I think Romney came out in favor of President Obama's increase. I'm not in favor of President Obama's increase. When I was in the Senate and when I was in the House, I did vote for minimum wage increases that were incremental,"" he said.

Asked by Crowley whether Republicans’ opposition to minimum wage increases will hurt the party's image among working-class voters, Santorum said it does and cautioned that lawmakers ""need to be reasonable about it and offer an alternative.""

The most recent polls on the issue indicate that a strong majority of Americans supports raising the minimum wage, with Republicans mostly divided on the issue.

Watch State of the Union with Candy Crowley Sundays at 9am ET. For the latest from State of the Union click here.",1
2796,I live in Iran. Here's how sanctions have shaped my life.,"It is 2007, and I am an undergraduate at the University of Tehran. I'm very particular. I take notes with Staedtler Triplus Fineliner pens, in purple and green, and on this particular day I've run through the stash I keep in my desk at home. There is a small office supply store next to the university cafeteria, I've bought my pens there before. Before lunch I go to pick up some more Fineliners.

""We're out,"" says Farid, the young Kurdish boy who works in the store. ""The supplier says there won't be anymore at all.""

""Why not?"" I ask.

""They say because of sanctions, but I'm not sure,"" he says.

""Sanctions? What the heck do pens have to do with sanctions?"" I ask, surprised.

Eight years later, things are a little clearer. In 2007, we were just entering what would become a period of intense deprivation, brought on by ever-tightening UN Security Council sanctions. It would become the worst disruption of Iranian life since the Iran-Iraq War of my childhood.

Now, what seems like a lifetime later, a nuclear agreement has been signed between Iran and the P5+1. We have been promised an end to the chokehold; a brighter future for Iran. We'll see.

Those of us born after the revolution have lived our whole lives under sanctions. Following the November 1979 takeover of the US Embassy in Tehran, the United States imposed its first round of sanctions against Iran. Except for a brief period from 1981 to 1984, they have never been lifted. In March 1995, President Bill Clinton signed an executive order significantly expanding the scale of the embargo, preventing US companies from doing business with Iran.

But as difficult as these restrictions made the '90s, life was still far easier than in the decade before — the Iran of my childhood.

When I was a child, long lines for basic goods were routine. Throughout the Iran-Iraq War (1980 to 1988), my parents bought everything, from bread to cheese to meat, using coupons. Even items like paper, erasers, or women's nylon socks were often difficult to come by. When my parents married and moved into their first home in the early 1980s, basic household appliances were virtually impossible to find, as the combination of sanctions and war had brought both imports and domestic production to a halt. To get a refrigerator, my parents submitted their marriage contract to the neighborhood mosque, which took these contracts and tried to find necessary household supplies for new couples living in the neighborhood. I was born a few years later.

I was 4 years old before we had a phone. When I was 5 we finally bought furniture — a table and two chairs. Throughout the war we heard news of young boys perishing on the front lines, entire families wiped out by bombs. For a while, street bombings became frequent in our neighborhood, and when my father left home in the morning, my mother remained fearful till nightfall, uncertain if he would return.

I was 4 years old before we had a phone. When I was 5 we finally bought furniture — a table and two chairs.

But by the time I was a university student, the war was long over. Though sanctions persisted, Iranians had found loopholes and alternative means of getting what they needed. The worst of the deprivation was past. My classmates and I knew the hard life, we remembered it, but it had become a story, a tale for nights when we gathered around a dinner table we didn't struggle to find.

I wouldn't realize it until years later, but 9/11 was the day that a decade-long Iranian upswing began to fall apart. Despite the absence of Iranian involvement in the attack, the West steadily ramped up our isolation. When a secret uranium enrichment plant was discovered in Natanz in 2002, the isolation intensified. We were placed on George W. Bush's ""Axis of Evil,"" and then surrounded as the United States invaded Afghanistan to our east and Iraq to our west. In 2005, the conservative ex-mayor of Tehran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, defeated reformers in a presidential election, and the world's disdain came even harder.

It was difficult enough to deal with the changes he wrought at home. The university security staff we had been accustomed to — many of them young boys from the provinces — were replaced by stern-looking guards we'd never met. The cafeteria, where we had always sat down together to eat, was gender-segregated by a long blue curtain. We heard of professors being forced into retirement, and unknowns close to the administration taking up positions they were not fit for academically.

As students, it never felt as if Ahmadinejad represented us, but neither did we feel any affinity for the United States. It was Ahmadinejad who had brought a new security staff to our university. But it was America that had placed us under siege. We knew our nation's shortcomings, but in many years of cafeteria debates, my peers and I could never justify how we'd been singled out, why the world seemed to simply not like us. We began to think of ourselves as  ""the unpeopled,"" never seen by the outside world but living as we always had.

If anything, it seemed to us at the time that Ahmadinejad and Bush were similar — both, in language and deed, seemed to damage the prestige of their people in the eyes of the world. Yet the American president's embarrassing behavior did not seal off his entire country from food and medicine. We paid Ahmadinejad no heed, but the international condemnation of Iran grew louder. At first we tried to focus on school, on grades, love, art, and life, but it was difficult. Some analysts claimed then and still claim now that the sanctions weakened Iranian support for the state, but that was never the whole story. It never felt true for my friends and me. If anything, we began to echo the state: Why the double standard for Iran?

Then our lives came to a halt. In 2006, our government refused to continue implementing parts of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, significantly reducing the inspection rights of International Atomic Energy Agency personnel in Iran. In December of that year — then again in March 2007, October 2007, and March 2008 — the United Nations Security Council retaliated by intensifying sanctions.

These new embargoes effectively closed the loopholes that had allowed Iranians to get by over the past 10 years. We were no longer able to purchase goods we could access easily before. Flights to Iran by international carriers were reduced or stopped entirely. Magazines that had survived against all odds were once again threatened by paper costs they could not afford. Iranian oil exports accounted for between 60 and 80 percent of the country's revenue — suddenly, both Europe and the United States refused to buy.

The university security staff we had been accustomed to — many of them young boys from the provinces — were replaced by stern-looking guards we'd never met

Within our borders, strange men with almost no credible administrative experience tightened their grip on all sectors: the economy, the cultural space, even the heritage organization, a government body responsible for preserving historical sites. The reactionary policies of the Ahmadinejad administration coupled with the new, severe sanctions began to cripple us.

The impact of the sanctions on academia alone has been devastating. All manner of vital technical equipment became scarce, while universities across the country were not permitted to renew their subscriptions to search repositories — even in the fields of medicine and the humanities. Coursera, a platform that offers free, open online courses, has become inaccessible within our borders. Our previous ability to conduct research and contribute to world scholarship was brought to a painful standstill.

While a portion of University of Tehran graduates typically remained in Iran to work, the new sanctions provoked a mass exodus: Almost no one chooses to stay after undergraduate studies. Doors seem to close all around us. Within months of my first disappointment in the stationery store, every writing and drawing tool I used disappeared off the market for good.

The impact of sanctions outside my academic bubble is far worse. Vitamins have become hard to find. My mother's supplements disappeared off the market, as did tampons and foreign-made baby formulas. We went to drugstore after drugstore across the city but were told the same thing everywhere: The item you want is no longer being imported due to sanctions. My grandfather's German-made eye drops vanished. The Iranian ones hurt his eyes.

More critically, vital cancer medication has become excessively difficult to get ahold of. Between 2011 and 2014, while visiting sick relatives, I met patient after patient in the hospital whose condition had become critical due to delayed treatment.

""What, they expect me to sell my house to buy medication? And then what will the family be left with if I die anyway?"" asked a tall, silver-haired man I met one day. He had just started chemotherapy, months later than he should have. He died within weeks.

Almost like a joke, cancer rates appear to have climbed, as well. Some doctors blame new, low-quality domestic gasoline. While Tehran has always suffered from air pollution, we've begun to witness unprecedented levels — sometimes, looking over the gray-green haze that covers the city, it becomes impossible to breathe.

Iranian banks are cut off from SWIFT (Society for Worldwide Interbank Telecommunications), effectively cutting off financial communication between Iran and other countries. The private sector has been hit badly. The textile and automobile industries have been especially affected, with many plants completely shutting down entirely. Across industries, obtaining spare parts or requesting maintenance for machines has become extremely expensive, in some cases impossible. Two of Iran's main non-petroleum exports, handmade carpets and pistachios, have started piling up in basements.

All of this has sent the economy into free fall. The new sanctions led to unprecedented inflation, as high as 40 percent according to some estimates, which in turn caused a sudden spike in the price of basic commodities like milk and vegetable oil. Some crucial goods are available only on the black market, and there is no way — official or otherwise — to know how bad inflation has gotten there.

Perhaps you can imagine the 2008 American financial crisis to get a sense of what it was like — people's financial holdings falling apart within days, years of careful savings wiped out. My parents spent the first decade of their marriage in a war zone and the next 15 years trying to build on lost time, making up for all those years of deprivation. Within the span of months, almost nothing remained of that effort. My mother's clients went out of business; my father's academic and industrial research has been severely disrupted.

Perhaps you can imagine the 2008 American financial crisis to get a sense of what it was like — people's financial holdings falling apart within days

Over dinner, we talk about wartime. What it was like to live on rations. How life was lived with so little. We remember fondly our capacity for contentment, how we were all in it together.

This time it does not feel a group struggle. Under the sanctions, those who are savvy enough and amoral enough exploit others' deprivation for a profit. They function as middlemen and brokers, preying on the needs and envies of citizens. These men become wealthy, but at the cost of ordinary people turning against one another, moral and social life coming apart. During the war, I could never have told my father to get me the same doll my classmate had — each of us already had, or didn't have, the same things. But under sanctions, I have seen my uncles lambasted by their children because they didn't pay the brokers for some flashy new toy their classmate got.

In 2013, President Hassan Rouhani was elected with a mandate to stop this vicious cycle, to bring sanity and sustenance back to Iran. Despite monumental obstacles inside and outside of Iran, he has so far managed to deliver.

On July 14, 2015, a deal was announced between Iran and six world powers, including the United States. We were told that in exchange for a curtailment of our nuclear program and ongoing, rigorous inspections, the sanctions would finally be lifted.

I saw my grandfather that night. He lived through the occupation of his province during World War II, through the revolution, the war, and the sanctions years. When we discussed the news, he smiled, looking out into the distance. He read a poem: ""We are but leaves dancing to a wind.""

On the night of the agreement, I drive the streets of Tehran, trying to feel what the city felt. Valiasr is known as the longest street in the Middle East — it traverses the city from north to south. Long sycamore trees once ran the length of the road, but now they only grow in Northern Valiasr, one of Tehran's most affluent neighborhoods. This is where the crowds gather, the celebrations bringing traffic to a standstill. People are out of their cars, playing music, the sound of their whistles and applause rising above the trees in the dark.

We see luxury cars everywhere, more in one place than I've ever witnessed in Tehran before: Lexus, Mercedes, BMWs. But between them are the motorcycles of young boys who have come up from the working class neighborhoods of southern Tehran. They are easy to spot among the crowd. They wear stained T-shirts, probably smudged from a long day at work, and fake Nike shoes. As we drive south, the yelling, screaming, and happy crowds give way to the dead of night.

I have now lived three decades. I was born after a revolution, in the midst of a war. I have seen stability, I have seen chaos, I have seen bloodshed, I have seen calm, and all that lies between. Despite the agreement, we do not look forward to an uncomplicated era of plenty. Even if all goes according to plan, the legacy of sanctions cannot be erased. An economist I know from the University of Tehran put it this way: ""Sanctioning a country like this is similar to permanently disabling a human being. You might stop inflicting harm, but the damage is there forever.""

I wonder if this is true. All that we are promised by this deal — more stability, a financial recovery, more open political and social space — we have had and lost before. Who can guarantee it won't be lost again? Those of us who have seen the sinusoidal pains and recoveries of these past three decades know that much depends on the whims of a world far from our jurisdiction or oversight. We cannot make it bend, but it will bend us. For many Iranians, the end of sanctions is nothing more than the end of another chapter in a colossal, uncertain novel, still in production. You write as you live. You read as you go.

Pedestrian is a writer from Khuzestan, in southern Iran. Her work has appeared in Foreign Affairs and Roads and Kingdoms.

First Person is Vox's home for compelling, provocative narrative essays. Do you have a story to share? Read our submission guidelines, and pitch us at firstperson@vox.com.",1
4562,Russia begins airstrikes in Syria; U.S. warns of new concerns in conflict,"Russian warplanes began airstrikes in Syria on Wednesday, adding an unpredictable new element to a four-year-old war that has already drawn in the United States and allies, fueled a refu­gee crisis and expanded the reach of the Islamic State.

In Washington, the dramatic escalation of Russia’s military involvement was viewed as an affront just two days after President Obama and Russian President Vladi­mir Putin sat down to discuss means for negotiating the deep differences in their countries’ approaches to the conflict in Syria.

The strikes sharply increase tensions with Russia as U.S. officials dispute Moscow’s claim that its aircraft targeted the Islamic State, the brutal extremist group that controls much of Syria and Iraq. Instead, U.S. officials said the strikes appeared to target opponents of Syria’s embattled President Bashar al-Assad, a key Russian ally. Those hit include U.S.-backed units that were trained and armed by the CIA, officials said.

Accusing Russia of “pouring gasoline on the fire,” Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter vowed that U.S. pilots would continue their year-long bombing campaign against the Islamic State in Syria, despite Moscow’s warning to keep American planes away from its operations.

“I think what they’re doing is going to backfire and is counterproductive,” Carter said.

The introduction of Russian air power — which took place with scant notice to the U.S. government — threatens to upend U.S. strategy in Syria at a time when U.S. military officials say they are beginning to discern hints of progress against the Islamic State, a heavily armed al-Qaeda offshoot that is also known as ISIS and ISIL.

It also raises the stakes over competing visions for Syria outlined this week at the United Nations, where Putin insisted that Syria’s embattled government is the key to stability after four years of bloodshed and Obama warned that the “status quo” cannot stand.

[This is Russia’s air power in Syria]

U.S. officials were particularly irked that they didn’t get much warning of the strikes, even as they make plans to resume military talks with Russia about Syria as early as next week. Discussions have been halted since last year over Russia’s support for separatists in Ukraine.

Earlier Wednesday, a Russian general posted in Baghdad showed up at the U.S. Embassy there, officials said, and told the American defense attache that airstrikes would begin about an hour later.

Russia’s Defense Ministry said Russian aircraft had conducted about 20 sorties targeting the Islamic State, according to the news agency Interfax.

The Syrian state-run news agency reported that Russian planes had attacked “dens” of the Islamic State in Rastan, Talbiseh and other towns around Homs, the strategic city that Assad hopes to claim as he seeks to defend areas remaining under his control.

But U.S. officials expressed doubts in the hours after the strikes about Russian claims that the sorties targeted the Islamic State. Areas around Homs, a former hotbed of the popular revolt that began against Assad in 2011, are not known as strongholds for the group, which controls a vast swath of territory across Syria and Iraq.

Nidal Ezddin, a representative of Homs’s civil defense force, said a series of Russian strikes killed 36 people around Homs. “These bombings were not against ISIS,” he said. “They were for ISIS.”

Civil defense officials and activists also reported that some of the Russian strikes were accompanied by barrel bomb attacks by Syrian air force helicopters.

The strikes cap weeks of Russian military buildup in Syria, where Assad is battling both the Islamic State and rebel factions backed by the West. Assad’s forces­ are blamed for fueling the war that has forced more than 4 million people to flee the country, many of whom are joining a wave of asylum seekers and migrants flooding Europe.

Forces loyal to Assad hope to lay claim to Homs province, a key link between the capital, Damascus, and government strongholds on the Mediterranean coast, including the key port city of Latakia. Russia has a naval facility at Tartus, about 50 miles south of Latakia.

Charles Lister, a visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha Center, said the strikes may be an attempt to weaken Assad’s principal adversary rather than the Islamic State.

“Amid the regime’s major losses . . . Assad’s apparent request to Moscow for military assistance seems a last-gasp appeal for help from what was a dying regime,” he said. “How far Russia is willing to go to defend its proxy interests now remains to be seen, but certainly, the dynamics of the conflict have taken a huge shift today.”

[Russia’s strategy in Syria could be work in progress]

The strikes appeared to have also hit groups backed by the United States, including rebels who have been trained by the CIA. A U.S. official said there was “no reason to doubt reports from the region that coalition-backed forces from Hama were hit,” a reference to a rebel group known as Tajammu al-Aaza based in that western Syrian province.

The leader of that group, Jamil al-Saleh, told the news organization AlSouria.net that the Russian strikes had pounded his organization’s base in Lataminah, a town roughly 30 miles north of Homs. Saleh was an officer in the Syrian army before defecting.

The U.S.-backed group also posted a video that shows fighter jets streaking across the sky seconds before the base is rattled by explosions.

[Graphic: Were Russian airstrikes really aimed at the Islamic State? ]

The CIA has trained thousands of fighters at secret bases in Jordan in an effort to bolster moderate factions against the Assad government. A Russian strike on U.S.-backed units will only intensify pressure on the Obama administration to respond.

Speaking at the United Nations, Secretary of State John F. Kerry said the United States would have “grave concerns” if Russian airstrikes hit moderate U.S.-backed opposition forces­ fighting Assad rather than the Islamic State.

Also on Wednesday, Kerry told Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov that the strikes run counter to Russia’s stated intention to cooperate on “deconfliction,” or ensuring that mishaps do not happen in the air.

Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov defended Russia’s actions after its parliament approved a resolution authorizing the use of force in Syria. “Russia will factually be the only country to carry out this operation on the legitimate basis of the request of the legitimate government of Syria,” he said.

The resolution came without warning in the Federation Council, Russia’s higher body of parliament, where 162 senators voted unanimously in support after a closed-door discussion — similar to a vote last year to green-light Russian military force in Ukraine.

Sergei Ivanov, the Kremlin chief of staff, said that the resolution was strictly limited to the use of Russian aviation in Syria and that ground troops would not be sent into battle.

While Russia has supplied arms to Assad for years, direct intervention seemed unlikely until early this month when Russian aircraft, tanks and troops were spotted in Syria.

Speaking in Moscow, Putin said he hoped Assad would be open to political compromise.

“I know that President Assad understands that and is ready for such a process. We hope that he will be active and flexible and ready to compromise in the name of his country and his people,” Putin told reporters, according to the Reuters news agency.

Critics say that the Kremlin is using the Syrian crisis to escape international isolation after its annexation of the Crimean Peninsula in March 2014, and to divert attention at home from the conflict in eastern Ukraine.

The strikes also come as the Obama administration considers changes­ to its Syria strategy, including a possible expansion of military assistance to anti-Assad rebels and a new focus for a troubled effort to train an independent force to fight the Islamic State.

Murphy and Ryan reported from Washington. Daniela Deane in London, Hugh Naylor in Beirut, Carol Morello and Karen DeYoung at the United Nations, and Greg Miller, Thomas Gibbons-Neff, Dan Lamothe and William Branigin in Washington contributed to this report.

Why Russia is in Syria

Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world",1
3793,Tens of Thousands of Police Expected for Funeral of Slain Officer,"Wenjian Liu, 32, and his partner, Rafael Ramos, 40, were murdered on Dec. 20 as they sat in their squad car in Brooklyn after killer Ismaaiyl Brinsley had stated he was seeking vengeance for the deaths this summer of two unarmed black men at the hands of white police officers.

Brinsley killed himself after ambushing the officers.

With de Blasio expected to speak at Liu's funeral, police commissioner Bill Bratton told officers ahead of Saturday's wake to refrain from the ""act of disrespect"" seen at Ramos' funeral a week ago, when thousands of officers turned their backs on the mayor.

""A hero's funeral is about grieving, not grievance,"" Bratton wrote in a memo to officers.

De Blasio and Bratton entered the funeral home together for the wake as officers stood guard by the entrance, saluting both men as they went in.

The murders frayed already strained relations between the police force and de Blasio, who sharply criticized the NYPD's ""stop-and-frisk"" tactics during his 2013 campaign.

The liberal mayor also offered qualified support for the wave of protests triggered by the two black men's deaths in New York and Ferguson, Missouri, and has said he talked to his bi-racial son, Dante, about interacting with police.

Immediately after Liu and Ramos were shot, Patrick Lynch, the head of the city's largest police union, expressed scorn for de Blasio, saying there was ""blood on many hands.""

Ramos' funeral a week ago among the largest in NYPD history, with more than 20,000 officers from around the country on hand.

When de Blasio began his eulogy there, many uniformed officers turned their backs in a gesture of disdain, which Bratton called inappropriate, saying it had stolen the ""valor, honor and attention"" that was rightfully due the slain officer.

In his memo, Bratton said he understood emotions were running high among the rank and file, adding that his entreaty to the department was not a mandate and he was not threatening to discipline those who did not comply.

""But,"" he said, ""I remind you that when you don the uniform of this department, you are bound by the tradition, honor and decency that go with it.""",1
2660,Walker’s anti-union law has labor reeling in Wisconsin,"At the old union hall here on a recent afternoon, Terry Magnant sat at the head of a table surrounded by 18 empty chairs. A members meeting had been scheduled to start a half-hour earlier, but the small house, with its cracked walls and loose roof shingles, was lonely and desolate.

“There used to be a lot more people coming,” said Magnant, a 51-year-old nursing assistant, sighing.

The anti-union law passed here four years ago, which made Gov. Scott Walker a national Republican star and a possible presidential candidate, has turned out to be even more transformative than many had predicted.

Walker had vowed that union power would shrink, workers would be judged on their merits, and local governments would save money. Unions had warned that workers would lose benefits and be forced to take on second jobs or find new careers.

Many of those changes came to pass, but the once-thriving ­public-sector unions were not just shrunken — they were crippled.

Unions representing teachers, professors, trash collectors and other government employees are struggling to stem plummeting membership rolls and retain relevance in the state where they got their start.

Here in King, Magnant and her fellow AFSCME members, workers at a local veterans home, have been knocking on doors on weekends to persuade former members to rejoin. Community college professors in Moraine Park, home to a technical college, are reducing dues from $59 to $36 each month. And those in Milwaukee are planing a campaign using videos and posters to highlight union principles. The theme: ­“Remember.”

[ Questions linger over Walker’s college exit as he mulls White House bid ]

But recalling the benefits that union membership might have brought before the 2011 law stripped most public-sector unions of their collective-bargaining rights is difficult when workers consider the challenges of the present.

“I don’t see the point of being in a union anymore,” said Dan Anliker, a 34-year-old technology teacher and father of two in Reedsburg, a tiny city about 60 miles northwest of Madison.

The law required most public employees to pay more for health insurance and to pay more into retirement savings, resulting in an 8 to 10 percent drop in take-home pay. To help compensate for the loss, Anliker said he took an additional 10-hour-a-week job.

“Everyone’s on their own island now,” he said. “If you do a good job, everything will take care of itself. The money I’d spend on dues is way more valuable to buy groceries for my family.”

Sean Karsten, a 32-year-old middle and high school reading instructor in his first year of teaching in Reedsburg, said the unions are “just not something I concern myself with.”

“I just look to keep improving my teaching in the best way I can and try to keep my nose out of the other stuff,” he said.

Walker has pointed to the unions’ membership troubles as a victory — presenting himself as a conservative warrior unafraid of taking on big battles against liberal interests.

Walker’s administration has said forcing public employees to contribute more to retirement plans and health insurance helped local governments save $3 billion. The governor also has credited the 2011 law with saving homeowners money on property taxes while giving school districts the ability to make reforms that increased third-grade reading levels and high school graduation rates. And the law has emboldened Republican state lawmakers to further challenge Wisconsin’s labor movement this year by pushing right-to-work legislation that would allow private-sector workers to opt out of paying union dues — a measure Walker has said he would sign.

“We took the power away from the big-government special interests and put it firmly in the hands of the hard-working taxpayers,” Walker told Iowa Republicans recently. “That is what we need more of in this great country. The liberals don’t like that.”

Union officials declined to release precise membership data but confirmed in interviews that enrollment is dramatically lower since the new law was signed in 2011.

The state branch of the National Education Association, once 100,000 strong, has seen its membership drop by a third. The American Federation of Teachers, which organized in the college system, saw a 50 percent decline. The 70,000-person membership in the state employees union has fallen by 70 percent.

The decline is politically significant in Wisconsin, a presidential battleground where the unions have played a central role in Democrats’ get-out-the-vote drives.

John Ahlquist, a University of Wisconsin political scientist who specializes in labor movements, said Walker had “effectively dismantled the financial and organizing structure of unions in Wisconsin.”

“Although it is too early to tell if unions are near the end of their political power here, they are in a very vulnerable position,” Ahlquist said.

The mass protests that gripped the state Capitol have subsided, but anxiety remains high in union halls across Wisconsin.

At Magnant’s meeting in King on a frigid February afternoon, union members finally began trickling in, one by one, filling a few of the empty seats.

A groundskeeper at the veterans home complained that supervisors were no longer assigning overtime based on seniority because “there was no union.” Others complained that there were no longer enough nursing assistants on shifts, while management positions seemed to grow.

“This is what we are trying to live with,” Magnant said. “But we can’t continue like this.”

Dean Johnson burst through door with a big grin on his face. Johnson, 55, told the story of how he felt so bold at work that he yelled “Join the union!” in the middle of the veterans home. A stalwart union supporter, he vowed he’d do anything to keep the movement going.

But Johnson said he could no longer do it as an employee. He told the group he was retiring — prompting a discussion about the new mantra for those choosing to leave union work: “Goodbye tension, hello pension.”

While some union members have been energized by the fight, they say they notice a new, more vocal animosity toward them. It has been particularly pronounced in rural areas, where public-sector jobs were some of the most prized gigs in town.

In King, population 1,700, Magnant said she couldn’t change a sign at the union hall without someone giving her the finger. Farther west, in Stanley, prison workers said they ditched their favorite pizza pub because the owner stood by while other customers called them “leeches.”

In Reedsburg, that tension surprised Ginny Bourgeois, 52, who clerks at a local Kwik Trip. The community had always been divided, defined as much by the factories manufacturing car parts as it was by cornfields now blanketed in snow. Still, it was a place where the community got together for spaghetti and corn feeds and filled bleachers to watch the Reedsburg Beavers play. Now, she said, people were fighting over politics at gas stations.

Still, she felt unions needed to sacrifice.

“Everyone knows teachers’ insurance was some of the best you could get,” Bourgeois added.“They do fairly well around here, and they do a good job teaching. But everyone in this town has had to tighten their belts. They should too.”

Judy Brey, a 58-year-old speech therapist who taught in the community for 22 years, said such sentiment hurt teachers’ morale. She said she grew up admiring her dad, who put six children through college on his union-supported job as a forester. “ ‘I don’t make a lot, but we’ll be okay with retirement,’ ” she said he told her. That, she was taught, was the reward for public service in Wisconsin.

“Now I’m always nervous that everyone will think they’re moochers,” Brey said. “That I’m a moocher.”

While some union members across the state knocked on doors to court members, Brey tried another strategy: finding more allies.

A day before Magnant opened the doors for a meeting at the union house in King, Brey went to a local restaurant to call to order the meeting of the Reedsburg Area Concerned Citizens.

On the top of Brey’s list was deciding guests for a planned panel discussion on the state of public education. Someone raised a hand.

“Are we getting any interest from the schools in this?” one man asked. “I haven’t seen any of the teachers out here since we were marching with them on the streets four years ago.”

At the meeting, the husband of the columnist called Walker “a pig” — which prompted the board supervisor to wonder why he was insulting pigs. They debated whether or not it’s worth it to invite Republicans to the education event, but Brey insisted it’s important to keep things balanced. Eventually, the group agreed.

“We’re getting somewhere,” Brey said as a waitress handed out checks.

But were the unions? Brey vowed not to give up on them. Two days later, she attended a union meeting that had been called to discuss possible changes in teacher retirement. Ten of the district’s 192 teachers had gathered at the meeting. They appreciated that the superintendent had previously met with union leaders even though he didn’t have to. Still, they grew agitated when discussing his proposal to reduce retirement benefits.

Another teacher, Linda Zauner, 58, said she was working to build a case that teachers wanted to keep benefits the same, but she had struggled to get teachers to respond to a survey. She said she wanted to emphasize that teachers still thought of health care as a “bargained right.”

“This is the closest thing we’re going to get to negotiations,” Zauner said.

“You have to be mean,” she said. “We never got anything by being nice. We’ve had to walk out. We got things when we banged our fists on tables.”

“Sometimes I think,” she stopped to collect the words delicately.

“Sometimes, I think, . . . that’s . . . why they came after us, Jenny. Because they thought these teachers were too demanding.”

“No, we have to fight,” Fish responded. “It’s for our students.”

Brey nodded. As long as there were teachers, she said, she’d be fighting along with them.",1
493,With a bullet: Oil prices headed to the basement,"Oil prices continued their fall Tuesday, as traders worried about a deal with Iran, which could increase supplies. In the meantime, U.S. oil production in 2014 was the highest since records began in 1900, according to the Energy Information Administration. West Texas light, sweet crude dropped 2.24% to $47.61 a barrel, says FactSet.

Cablevision has bid $1 to buy the New York Daily News, archrival New York Post gleefully reports.

Stymied by the Federal Aviation Authority, Amazon is testing drone delivery at a secret site in Canada, according to The Guardian.

China will start deposit insurance on May 1, another step toward scrapping government controls on interest rates.

The term “bubble” gets tossed around a lot, often improperly. In China, though, there may really be a stock bubble.

Jay Z announced a streaming music company that will be owned by artists, who seem to feel they should be paid for their work.

Do mutual fund managers who invest heavily in their own funds outperform? Why, yes.

Losing a job is always terrible. For workers over 50, it’s worse.

More than a third of Americans have no emergency savings.",1
832,"Ted Cruz, the master strategist, was no match for Trump's cult of personality","Ted Cruz did everything right in his campaign for the White House. He built a happy campaign operation that achieved all of its ambitious goals. Cruz elbowed out candidate after candidate to consolidate support among social conservatives, Tea Partiers and libertarians in the Republican field. He raised considerable amounts of money to build a political apparatus unrivalled in the GOP field.

There was only one problem. Every successful move, every stratagem that took Cruz – who dropped out of the presidential race on Tuesday night after a disastrous loss in Indiana – from an ambitious Ivy Leaguer to one of the final three Republican candidates for the presidency prevented him from attaining the ultimate goal.

The Texas Republican was elected to the Senate in 2012 after winning a bitter primary as a Tea Party candidate. He was positioning himself for a White House bid almost from the get-go, travelling to Iowa for presidential cattle calls less than six months into taking office. In a legislative body that values tradition, Cruz’s undisguised ambition didn’t help him make friends. But what really alienated colleagues was his push to shut down the government in October 2013 in an attempt to defund Obamacare, the president’s signature healthcare reforms. The quixotic effort alienated almost all of his colleagues who were left calling him a “wacko bird” and viewed him as an amoral opportunist who would do anything for his own political gain.

Cruz did nothing to alter his image when he became the first candidate for the White House in 2016 to announce his campaign, in an event at Liberty University in Virginia in March last year. He was then racing to beat competitors with stronger roots in Iowa – such as Rand Paul and Mike Huckabee – to be the first out of the starting gate.



Cruz’s message that day was consistent with what the Texas senator would say every day on the campaign trail until the moment he withdrew from the race in Indianapolis on Tuesday. He told a crowd of college students: “I believe in the power of millions of courageous conservatives rising up to reignite the promise of America” and pledged to “reclaim the constitution”.

In fact, Cruz’s campaign was remarkable for its consistency. There was only one key issue on which Cruz changed his message significantly in the course of the campaign – Donald J Trump.

For months after Trump’s entry into the race, Cruz engaged in a virtual bear hug with the New York billionaire. Immediately after Trump said that Cruz’s Senate colleague John McCain, a former POW who was tortured in Vietnam, was not a hero, Cruz called him a friend.

He told reporters in Iowa in July 2015: “I recognize that folks in the press love to see Republican on Republican violence. So you want me to say something bad about Donald Trump or bad about John McCain or bad about anybody else. I am not going to do it. John McCain is a friend of mine. I respect and admire him. He is an American hero. Donald Trump is a friend of mine.”

In contrast, the then candidate Rick Perry immediately condemned Trump and called on him to drop out of the race.

This pattern continued throughout 2015. As late as December, Cruz even tweeted that he thought Trump was terrific – long after other candidates had begun to condemn the frontrunner’s rhetoric.

But eventually, after Cruz’s win in the Iowa caucuses, the two turned to focus on each other. Cruz targeted Trump as a “New York liberal” who was no more a conservative than Hillary Clinton. After Trump had endured months of attacks for failing to adhere to conservative orthodoxy, this had little impact.

But Trump’s labelling of Cruz as “Lyin’ Ted” – based on the campaign rushing to inform Iowans that Ben Carson might drop out of the race after misconstruing a report on CNN just minutes before the caucuses were scheduled to begin – did have some effect.

The result was that exit poll after exit poll showed that voters thought Cruz ran a dirtier campaign than Trump and the Texas senator’s favorability numbers dropped with Republicans.

This happened even though the most personal attacks came from Trump, not Cruz. Trump tweeted an unflattering image of Cruz’s wife and threatened to “spill the beans on her” and, on the day of the Indiana primary, implied Cruz’s father was involved in the assassination of John F Kennedy. A campaign surrogate even repeatedly referenced a totally unproven tabloid story about Cruz’s personal life at multiple Trump rallies

In contrast, Cruz insisted that he was merely going after Trump’s record when he slammed the frontrunner’s past support for abortion rights and gun control and current support for allowing grown men “alone in bathrooms with little girls”, ie his contention that transgender people should use whichever bathroom they felt appropriate.

Like other candidates in the race, Cruz had no way to cope with Trump’s strange political jujitsu. Even as Cruz out-organized Trump on the ground, it was to little avail. The Texas senator’s campaign concentrated on Illinois in the final days before the 15 March primary after poll numbers showed him solidly ahead in North Carolina and Missouri.

However, the backlash among Republican voters after unrest at a canceled Trump rally in Chicago led to the frontrunner surging in the polls there, and Cruz was shut out in those crucial primaries as a result.

Cruz’s only hope was to somehow unite the GOP behind him. As the last remaining opponent to Trump, he should have been the standard bearer for the Stop Trump forces, and indeed some longtime detractors like Lindsey Graham – who had joked about him being murdered on the Senate floor just a week earlier – begrudgingly endorsed him.

As Jimmy Kimmel joked to Cruz in late March: “Yeah, what you did is you kind of held out until they found someone that they liked less than you.”

Cruz responded by saying: “There you go. It is a powerful strategy.” The problem was the strategy didn’t work.

The antagonism Cruz inspired among many mainstream Republicans made this a near impossible task. They sat on their hands and viewed Cruz as just as bad as Trump. The same factors that got him to the brink of the Republican nomination, his disdain for the “Washington cartel” and impatience with politics as usual, kept him from grasping the ring.

After a campaign in which he appealed to conservatives who were tired of voting for the lesser of two evils, Cruz could never win over those establishment Republicans he had spent the past year calling the lesser evil. That became undeniable this Tuesday.",1
534,"Obama seeks to end sequester cuts, raise spending caps in budget plan","President Obama called for an end to ""mindless austerity"" on Thursday as he announced his desire to end ""sequester"" spending cuts in his budget for 2015.

The across-the-board cuts, agreed to by both parties, have been in effect since 2013, after lawmakers were unable to produce a more strategic deficit-cutting plan. Members of both parties have problems with the cuts, which indiscriminately affect both domestic and defense programs.

Obama's proposed $74 billion in added spending — about 7 percent — would be split about evenly between defense programs and the domestic side of the budget. Although he's sought before to reverse the sequester spending cuts, Obama's pitch in this year's budget comes with the added oomph of an improving economy and big recent declines in federal deficits.

Taking a defiant tone, Obama vowed not to stand on the sidelines as he laid out his opening offer to Congress during remarks in Philadelphia, where House Democrats were gathered for their annual retreat.

""We need to stand up and go on offensive and not be defensive about what we believe in,"" Obama said. Mocking Republicans for what he called their leaders' newfound interest in poverty and the middle class, he questioned whether they would back it up with substance when it mattered.

Republicans promise to produce a balanced budget blueprint this spring even as they worry about Pentagon spending. The Senate's No. 2 Republican, John Cornyn of Texas, dismissed the Obama proposals as ""happy talk."" And Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania chided the president for ""abandoning spending discipline.""

GOP lawmakers are focused primarily on reversing restraints on military spending, while Democrats and Obama are seeking new domestic dollars for education, research, health care and infrastructure. Republicans argue that spending more in so many areas would undo the hard-fought reductions in the country's annual deficit.

They also oppose many of the tax hikes Obama has proposed to pay for the increased spending.

Neither party has tender feelings for the sequester, which cut bluntly across the entire federal budget and was originally designed more as a threat than as an actual spending plan. With the economy gaining steam while deficits decline, both parties have signaled they want to roll some of the cuts back. A bipartisan deal struck previously softened the blow by about a third for the 2014 and 2015 budget years.

Both parties are generally inclined to boost spending for the military, which is wrestling with threats from terrorism and extremist groups and has been strained by budget limits and two long wars. ""At what point do we, the institution and our nation, lose our soldiers' trust?"" asked Gen. Raymond Odierno, the Army chief of staff, at a Senate hearing Wednesday.

Yet among congressional Republicans, there's no unanimity about where more Pentagon funds should come from — a division within the GOP that Obama appeared eager to exploit.

Some House Republicans want to cut domestic agency budgets to free money for the military — an approach that failed badly for Republicans two years ago. Some are eying cuts to so-called mandatory programs such as Social Security and Medicare, while others want to ignore the spending restraints altogether.

""Whatever it takes within reason to get this problem fixed is what I'm willing to do,"" said Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., adding that he would be willing to consider more tax revenue ""just to get the damn thing done.""

The budget constraints stem from the hard-fought budget and debt bill of August 2011 that both parties negotiated and Obama signed into law. The threat of across-the-board cuts to virtually every federal agency was supposed to force Democrats and Republicans to compromise on smarter, less onerous spending cuts, but the measure kicked in when a supercommittee failed to reach an overall fiscal deal.

The White House said Obama's budget would be ""fully paid for"" by cutting inefficient programs and closing tax loopholes — particularly a trust fund provision the White House has been eying. Spokesman Josh Earnest said that and a few other tax tweaks would not only pay for Obama's increased spending but also offset middle-class tax cuts the president wants to create or expand.

At the same time, Earnest was quick to concede, ""No president has ever put forward a budget with the expectation that Congress is going to pass it in its current form.""

Details of what Obama will ask for in his budget began to trickle out ahead of the budget's formal release Monday. The Interior Department announced Obama would seek $1 billion for Native American schools, while Vice President Joe Biden said the budget would call for another $1 billion in aid for Central American nations.

At the Pentagon, Obama's increases would help pay for next-generation F-35 fighter jets, for ships and submarines and for long-range Air Force tankers. On the domestic side, Obama has proposed two free years of community college and new or expanded tax credits for child care and spouses who both work.

In his meeting with House Democrats, Obama also insisted that Republicans must not be allowed to use a funding bill for the Homeland Security Department to try to quash his executive actions on immigration. The White House has called that approach a ""dangerous view"" that would risk national security.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2699,Rieder: Why Stephanopoulos flap matters,"The revolving door between politics and journalism and sometimes right back again has been spinning for a very long time.

Journalism depends so much on credibility. The recent Brian Williams scandal reminds us that this is not simply an academic issue.

Politicians and political operatives are all about the spin. Their mission isn't to get as close as they can to the truth. It's to win elections. Which means casting everything in a light most favorable to their prospects.

Not the finest or most appropriate credential for truth-seeker.

""One day they are calling journalists to spin them to write favorably about their prominent political patrons and the next minute they are sitting at the table with journalists and indistinguishable from the journalists,"" the late David Broder, an outstanding Washington Post political reporter who loathed that spinning door, once told American Journalism Review.

Yet there are people who have overcome their substantial political baggage and made that transition in a most impressive way. None more than the late Tim Russert, a onetime aide to the late New York Democratic Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan. Russert became a sterling host of NBC's Meet the Press.

Another political player who seemed to have successfully navigated those treacherous waters was George Stephanopoulos. I thought it was a truly bad idea when the former top aide to President Clinton, a hugely partisan figure, became a news analyst for ABC back in 1996. But Stephanopoulos, now ABC's chief anchor, host of its Sunday morning political talk show This Week with George Stephanopoulos and co-anchor of Good Morning America, turned out to be a pleasant surprise, shedding his political warrior past and showing journalism chops.

The recent revelation that Stephanopoulos had donated $75,000 to the Clinton Foundation between 2012 and 2014 not only raises serious questions about his judgment. It also disqualifies him from having anything to do with covering the 2016 presidential race. He has already said he won't moderate ABC News' Republican primary debate in February, which is a start.

So far ABC is standing firmly behind its embattled anchor. But it's early in the saga, and that could change quickly. Regardless, there is no way he should allow himself — or be allowed — to deal in any way with a contest in which Hillary Clinton is the overwhelming favorite to become the Democratic candidate for president.

Exhibit A of why that is the case came on April 26, when Stephanopoulos aggressively grilled Peter Schweizer, author of the book Clinton Cash, which is critical of the Clinton Foundation. Stephanopoulos failed to disclose that he was a benefactor of said foundation. But even if he had, that would hardly have eliminated the problem. The issue is the donations themselves.

Making them would be inappropriate for any political journalist. But it's particularly crucial for a former Clinton consigliere. Even though he had had a public break with the Clintons, Stephanopoulos of all people should not be giving money to anything having to do with them. What was he thinking?

Sure, the foundation is a charitable enterprise. But all things Clinton tend to be closely intertwined. And there has been no shortage of suggestions that people have been ponying up to the foundation to curry favor with the Clintons, one of whom is a potential next president. There are lots of worthy causes out there with no links to Hillaryland.

One key point: Stephanopoulos' role — and that of his network, for that matter — are very different from the jobs and the forum of the ex-candidates who have made Fox News a full employment act for failed GOP presidential aspirants. Fox is a political force. ABC News is not.

Stephanopoulos' apologies have not been reassuring, certainly not the initial one. He first said he should have told his employer and his viewers about the donations, which are a matter of public record, not that he shouldn't have made them. He later conceded that the donations were problematic.

For someone so politically and journalistically astute, this was a boneheaded — and totally tone deaf — error indeed.",1
2616,Netanyahu Defeats Center-Left Rival In Israel's Parliamentary Election,"With nearly all votes counted in elections for the Knesset, Israel's parliament, Benjamin Netanyahu's center-right Likud party has won at least a five-seat victory over its principal rival, the center-left Zionist Union.

Israeli media report Likud has 29 or 30 seats in the 120-member Knesset to the Zionist Union's 24 seats.

Exit polls by Israel's three main television channels initially showed Likud and the Zionist Union more or less tied. Shortly after midnight in Israel the Zionist Union Chairman Yitzhak Herzog predicted a return to power of the center-left.

But as the actual votes were counted the results were quite different.

Netanyahu must assemble a coalition of parties totaling at least 61 seats to form a new government.

If he succeeds in forming a coalition government, Netanyahu would begin a historic fourth term as prime minister of Israel.

The Associated Press says Netanyahu's victory ""likely spells trouble for Mideast peace efforts and could further escalate tensions with the United States.

""Netanyahu, who already has a testy relationship with President Barack Obama, took a sharp turn to the right in the final days of the campaign, staking out a series of hard-line positions that will put him at odds with the international community. ""In a dramatic policy reversal, he said he now opposes the creation of a Palestinian state — a key policy goal of the White House and the international community. He also promised to expand construction in Jewish areas of east Jerusalem, the section of the city claimed by the Palestinians as their capital. ""Netanyahu infuriated the White House early this month when he delivered a speech to the U.S. Congress criticizing an emerging nuclear deal with Iran. The speech was arranged with Republican leaders and not coordinated with the White House ahead of time.""",1
967,Political hatefest: Why the media—and the candidates—are dragging down the campaign,"We are now at the point in this political season where everyone is hating on everyone else.

Think about it: When was the last time you saw a piece or watched a segment in which a candidate was portrayed positively?

Presidential campaigns are a tough business where every contender gets roughed up as the price of admission. But the level of vitriol—the pundits against Donald Trump and his rivals, and the candidates sliming each other—has spiraled way out of control.

It hasn’t been Morning in America for a long time. In fact, it’s pretty close to a dark and stormy midnight.

And the hyperspeed news cycle has all this unfolding at a head-snapping pace, like an endless feed of Twitter taunts.

In the deafening din of the media echo chamber, it sometimes seems like these are the sounds that break through:

--Donald Trump is a fascist threat to our way of life, says racist things and loves to attack women over their looks.

--Ted Cruz is the most unlikable man in Washington, maybe the world, and such a nutty right-winger he’d probably like to shut down the government forever.

--John Kasich is a cranky spoiler impersonating a nice guy who is staying in the race out of pure ego.

--Hillary Clinton is a deceitful woman who gets on everyone’s nerves, keeps lying about her email server and is lucky she’s not in jail.

The “war over the wives” controversy is perhaps the perfect encapsulation of the gutter campaign, with Trump blaming Cruz for the posting of a nude magazine photo of his wife, Cruz blaming Trump for unsubstantiated mistress allegations in the Enquirer, and the media breathlessly following each twist and tweet.

It’s a chicken-and-egg game to assign blame for the campaign’s locker room tone to either the politicians or the journalists. Perhaps it reflects the crude and often mean-spirited tone of our culture.

Here, among thousands of possible selections, is a sampling. Let’s start with Sunday’s New York Times op-ed page, where everyone gets whacked.

Ross Douthat, a thoughtful conservative voice, says Ted Cruz looks like he’s faking it:

“The fact that he seems so much like an actor hitting his marks fits with the story of how he became Mr. True Conservative Outsider in the first place. Basically, he spent years trying to make it in Washington on the insider’s track, and hit a wall because too many of the insiders didn’t like him — because his ambition was too naked, his climber’s zeal too palpable. So he deliberately switched factions, turning the establishment’s personal disdain into a political asset, and taking his Ivy League talents to the Tea Party instead.”

On such issues as the government shutdown over ObamaCare, an exercise in “self-serving cynicism…Cruz has proceeded with several fingers in the wind; every time the conservative mood has shifted even a little, he’s shifted quickly too.” He accuses Cruz of first being obsequious toward Trump, but turning to self-righteousness now that “the name-calling and scandal-mongering have been turned against his reputation and his family.”

After that, and with a parting shot that “his cynicism can be repellent,” Douthat allows that the hard-working Cruz has earned his standing in the primaries.

On the liberal side, I have a lot of respect for Nick Kristof, but in his Times column he buys into an increasingly common myth. The headline is “My Shared Shame: The Media Helped Make Trump”:

“Although many of us journalists have derided Trump, the truth is that he generally outsmarted us (with many exceptions, for there truly have been serious efforts to pin him down and to investigate Trump University and his various business failings). He manipulated television by offering outrageous statements that drew ever more cameras — without facing enough skeptical follow-up questions.

“It’s not that we shouldn’t have covered Trump’s craziness, but that we should have aggressively provided context in the form of fact checks and robust examination of policy proposals.”

While the press could always do a better job, I’d argue that there has been endless fact-checking and it hasn’t hurt Teflon Trump.

The second “failure” is that “we wrongly treated Trump as a farce.” Not all of us, Nick, but that is especially true among the Huffington Post liberal crowd (though plenty of conservative pundits fell into this trap).

But I strongly agree with Kristof’s last point: “We failed to take Trump seriously because of a third media failing: We were largely oblivious to the pain among working-class Americans and thus didn’t appreciate how much his message resonated….We inhabit a middle-class world and don’t adequately cover the part of America that is struggling and seething. We spend too much time talking to senators, not enough to the jobless.”

Also on the op-ed page, Maureen Dowd looked at President Obama “tangoing into history”—that is, enjoying his trip to Argentina and Cuba and failing to reflect the public alarm over the Brussels bombings:

“Barack Obama started off as a man self-consciously alone on stage and that’s how he is exiting. He is, for better and worse, too cool for school. His identity is defined by his desire to rise above the fray. Unfortunately, he is in politics, which is the fray…

“The president has a bristling resistance to what he sees as cheap emotion. (See: flag pin, 2008.) That has led him, time after time, to respond belatedly or bloodlessly in moments when Americans are alarmed, wanting solace and solutions.”

Well, how about John Kasich? He hasn’t offended too many people, right?

National Review Editor Rich Lowry is in the #NeverKasich camp:

“This truly is a year when the rules don’t apply. If they did, John Kasich would be back in Columbus trying to figure out whether he sells his soul to Donald Trump or endorses Ted Cruz.

“Instead, the Ohio governor is still out on the trail running a delusional vanity project masquerading as a presidential campaign. There is no appetite for his pragmatic, ‘can’t we all get along’ campaign among Republican-primary voters, who have made that abundantly clear.”

Oh, and the Times news section joins the fray by quoting Kasich associates who “recall a three-decade career in government punctuated by scolding confrontations, intemperate critiques and undiplomatic remarks.”

I could go on and on. Slate says Trump “seeks to destroy people who stand in his way, especially women, even if he looks disgusting doing it.”

New York magazine says that “unfortunately for Cruz, his logic backfires. Because if real men do not attack women, Cruz is fake as hell. In fact, he might be faker than Trump.”

Maybe, on some level, we get the elections we deserve.

This is a reality show campaign in which reality, perhaps in the form of terror attacks, sometimes intrudes. It is endlessly entertaining, but often feels like tragicomedy with no heroes.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
3030,Three reasons political polarization is here to stay,"Jane Mansbridge is the Charles F. Adams professor at the Harvard Kennedy School. As president of the American Political Science Association from 2012 to 2013, she created the Task Force on Negotiating Agreement in Politics to respond to the crisis of polarization in the federal legislature.

A suggestion on polarization: Get used to it. It’s not going away anytime soon.

Americans have not, by and large, grown grumpier over the years. But members of the two major parties have stopped speaking to one another across the aisle. They don’t vote together, either.

Three major structural changes — gradual party realignment, closer elections and inequality — largely explain the huge decline in the numbers of party members willing to vote for legislation that the other party has sponsored, and in particular the number of Republicans willing to vote for measures the Democratic Party has sponsored. None of these causes is likely to change.

A massive transition began after President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act in 1964. As he told then-White House Press Secretary Bill Moyers the night of the signing, ”I think we just delivered the South to the Republican Party for a long time to come.” He had set in motion a train of events that, over time, would slowly lead conservative White southerners to leave the Democratic Party and join the Republicans. As the Southern conservatives left the Democratic Party, they left behind a relatively liberal remnant (in significant part, African Americans).

[America today is two different countries. They don’t get along.]

Democrats outside the South did not become much more liberal in the ensuing years, but the change in the composition of the party in the South made the national party more liberal and receptive to people of color. As the conservative Southerners joined the Republican Party, they also changed its center of gravity. Their perspectives and demands empowered the right wing of the party that had long chafed under the moderate Republican establishment. Evangelicals rose in strength; businesspeople fell. The Republican Party began to look for support less in Maine and more in Georgia. Its members became more extremely conservative, while the members of the Democratic Party became only a little more liberal.

With this shift, the parties in Congress became more electorally competitive. Southern conservatives leaving the Democratic Party gradually added their numbers to the Republican Party, which in 1980 won a majority of seats in the Senate (and in 1994 a majority in the House) for almost the first time since the New Deal.

The period of bipartisanship in Washington, from 1940 to 1980, was actually a period of Democratic dominance. With the Democrats in more or less permanent power, it behooved individual Republicans to play nice in order to get their bridges and roads. But by 1980, the parties began a period of intense competition.

As Frances Lee at the University of Maryland points out, when the minority party thinks it might win in the next election, it has a great incentive not to let the majority party have any “wins” that it might run on in that next election. She quotes then-House Chief Deputy Minority Whip Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) from 2009: “If you act like you’re the minority, you’re going to stay in the minority. We’ve gotta challenge them on every single bill.”

The now-famous U-curve of income inequality in the United States shows that after a period of relative equality from about 1940 to 1980, we have today become as unequal as we were in the last Gilded Age. That U-curve of income inequality tracks uncannily the U-curve of polarization, which in 1910 was almost as high as it is now, then fell precipitously — along with income inequality — until it bottomed out in the bipartisan era from 1940 to 1980. It rose again, in exact parallel with inequality, to its present heights. Why? Inequality seems to cause polarization and polarization to some extent causes inequality.

Nolan McCarty and his colleagues at Princeton are beginning to tease out the mechanisms. In state politics, they find that states with increasing income inequality experience two polarizing effects. First, state Republican parties shift to the right overall. Second, state Democratic parties shift to the left because their moderates lose. Rich Republican donors could well be responsible for both outcomes if, as seems likely, they fund more extreme candidates in Republican districts and target the Democrats they have the best chance to dislodge, namely those in politically moderate districts.

[Republicans created dysfunction. Now they’re paying for it.]

The big picture is that the extraordinary growth in incomes at the top of the income distribution makes possible the discretionary money that can then be poured into politics, and those who contribute to politics are, on average, a good deal more extreme in their views than the average voter.

The gradual party realignment after 1964, the closeness of elections since 1980, and the growth in income at the top of the distribution are the three deep causes of polarization. Gerrymandering is not the cause; the Senate is as polarized as the House. Primaries are not the cause; primary reforms have had relatively little effect. Changes in the rules of the House and Senate have had some effect, as have the increasing number of hours that legislators now have to spend fundraising and the increasing number of hours they now spend in their home districts with their constituents. But of the three deepest causes, at least party realignment and income inequality are likely to continue. Close elections may well continue, too. So polarization is here to stay — for the indefinite future.

Polarization is not itself a design flaw in our constitutional system. Britain’s parliamentary system has polarization — two opposing parties and little, if any, negotiation between them. Yet our polarization is exacerbated by our Constitution’s extreme separation of powers, with its many veto points. If you combine those veto points with extreme and opposing positions, the result is deadlock. Deadlock was less of a problem in the early days of the republic, when today’s interdependence in commerce, law and order could not even have been imagined, and the national legislature did not have to pass many laws. Today that deadlock is a disaster.

Thomas E. Mann and Norman J. Ornstein: Republicans created dysfunction. Now they’re paying for it.

Dana Nelson: The growth of executive power has turned politics into war

Jim Marshall: Congress could reduce polarization. It has chosen not to.

Thomas Petri: Our government is messy — but that doesn’t mean it isn’t working

Alan I. Abramowitz: America today is two different countries. They don’t get along.",1
700,Can Libertarian nominees Gary Johnson and Bill Weld siphon votes from Trump?,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
3463,"The Supreme Court Case That Could Gut Obamacare, Explained In 2 Minutes","UPDATE: June 4 -- The health insurance enrollment figures cited in this video were derived from a report that counted enrollment as of Feb. 22, which the Department of Health and Human Services published on March 10. The department released new data on June 2, detailing enrollment as of March 31. According to the new report, 7.3 million people were covered by plans purchased via the federally operated health insurance exchanges in the 34 states subject to the Supreme Court ruling, and 6.4 million of them received subsidies. The new report includes additional information about each state, but does not update the calculation of average unsubsidized premiums.",1
1627,The Democratic Debate Clock: Which Issues Got The Most Time,"The Democratic Debate Clock: Which Issues Got The Most Time

The three Democratic candidates for president met in Des Moines on Saturday night for their second debate. The CBS debate was originally going to focus on the economy but shifted gears after the attacks in Paris on Friday.

Christopher Isham, CBS News vice president and Washington bureau chief said, ""Last night's attacks are a tragic example of the kinds of challenges American presidents face in today's world, and we intend to ask the candidates how they would confront the evolving threat of terrorism.""

NPR tracked which issues got the most time during the debate. If the candidates veered off the question posed to them, we kept track of that too:

What experience would you draw on in a crisis? 3:41",1
4572,Protesters target Trump buildings in massive street rallies,"(CNN) For many Americans across the country, Donald Trump's victory is an outcome they simply refuse to accept.

""Not my president,"" protesters chanted in rallies coast to coast.

Tens of thousands filled the streets in at least 25 US cities overnight -- with demonstrations outside Trump's properties.

While most protesters were peaceful, dozens were arrested. At least three officers were wounded. And about 40 fires were set in one California city.

Here's a snapshot of the rallies across the nation:

On Thursday afternoon, more than 200 anti-Trump protesters marched from the Union Square area to Washington Square Park in Manhattan.

Some carried signs with messages such as, ""White men stop ruining everything."" They chanted, ""Trump and Pence make no sense.""

Overnight, about 5,000 people protested the real estate mogul's victory outside Trump Tower, authorities estimated. They included pop star Lady Gaga, a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter.

Their concerns ranged from policies, such as Trump's proposed plan to build a wall along the US-Mexican border, to the polarizing tenor of his campaign that they say stoked xenophobic fears.

""I came out here to let go of a lot of fear that was sparked as soon as I saw the results,"" protester Nick Powers said in New York. He said he feared Trump will support stronger stop-and-frisk policies that would put many people in prison. Powers said he was also worried that Trump's victory would embolden sexist views.

At least 15 protesters at Trump Tower were arrested Wednesday night for disorderly conduct, New York police said.

About 7,000 demonstrators filled streets in Oakland on Wednesday night -- and some turned violent.

Protesters hurled Molotov cocktails, rocks and fireworks at police. Three officers were injured, police spokeswoman Johnna Watson said.

Trash fires smoldered on a highway, and a downtown business was set ablaze. By Thursday morning, emergency workers extinguished about 40 fires.

""Throughout the evening, the large group splintered into smaller groups that began vandalizing numerous businesses in the downtown area,"" Oakland police said.

At least 30 people were arrested and 11 citations were issued for vandalism, assaulting officers, unlawful assembly, failure to disperse and possession of a firearm.

Three police cars from nearby Pleasanton were damaged, officials said.

A few miles away at Berkeley High School, about 1,500 students walked out of classes Wednesday. In San Francisco, more than 1,000 students across the city walked out of the school and headed to the Civic Center to engage in a peaceful protest, according to a tweet from the San Francisco Unified School District.

""People are furious, not just at the results of the election but the rhetoric of Donald Trump,"" said Ahmed Kanna, an organizer for Social Alternative at Berkeley.

In Chicago, activists marched down Lake Shore Drive -- an eight-lane expressway along Lake Michigan -- toward the Windy City's Trump Tower.

""I still can't believe I have to protest for civil rights,"" one sign read.

CNN's Ryan Young, who saw a few thousand people there, said many chanted vulgarities toward the President-elect.

""As a nation we thought we had come so far, but it seems like we're taking many steps back,"" one woman said. ""We want to come together to change that.""

In Omaha, Nebraska, authorities deployed pepper balls on a crowd of more than 200 people protesting Trump's election after they defied police orders to stay out of the streets.

Dozens of high school and college students staged rallies near the USC and UCLA campuses.

Overnight, more than 1,000 protesters rallied outside Los Angeles City Hall, including many young Latinos.

They chanted, ""I will not live in fear,"" ""Fight back, stand up"" and ""¡Si se puede!"" (Spanish for ""Yes, it can be done"").

Protesters also set on fire a piñata depicting the head of the President-elect.

Several protesters said they feared that family or friends might be deported once Trump takes office.

Brooklyn White, an 18-year-old who voted for Clinton, held a sign that said, ""Hate won't win.""

""We can't let it stop us,"" she said. ""If he's the president, then fine. But if Donald Trump is going to be it, then he has to listen.""

As many as 3,000 people joined Wednesday's demonstrations in the city, and 28 people were arrested for running into the 101 Freeway, said Los Angeles police spokeswoman Liliana Preciado. There was some property damage, but it's too early to know the exact extent, she said.

Mayor Eric Garcetti said in a statement, ""I understand that the results of Tuesday's election are painful for many of us, and this kind of engagement can be a meaningful part of the healing we need after such a long and divisive campaign.

""But walking and throwing objects onto freeways is dangerous for pedestrians and drivers -- and it puts a heavy burden on people just trying make it home to their families or get to work safely.""

Garcetti emphasized that the protests were largely peaceful, but said police would take quick action against those blocking traffic on interstates or vandalizing property, including news media vans.

""There is no place for the destruction of property, for the dangerous stopping of traffic,"" he said at a press conference Thursday. ""Don't lose the message here. The message is that Los Angeles stands as the great hope.""

Garcetti said 28 protesters have been arrested.

Meanwhile, protesters in Washington chanted, ""No Trump, no KKK, no fascist USA,"" as they marched downtown to the Trump International Hotel.

Elsewhere in the nation's capital, an illuminated sign proclaimed that the US is ""Better Than Bigotry.""

Trump supporters also rallied, showing their elation outside his current and future homes -- New York's Trump Tower and the White House.

Nicholas Elliot, a Georgetown University student, compared Trump's victory to the United Kingdom's Brexit vote to leave the European Union.

J.D. Vance, author of the book ""Hillbilly Elegy,"" said Trump supporters in middle America voted for him because so few people -- including Clinton or her supporters -- had paid attention to their plight.

""They see Trump as an agent of change and (an) agent of protest against folks who they feel have really failed in government,"" Vance said.

Now comes the hard part: finding middle ground, CNN's Marc Preston said.

""All that anger that has been contained outside of Washington, D.C., and New York that we don't see in middle America ... everyone's starting to see it,"" Preston said. ""There is a lot of healing that has got to happen.""",1
184,McConnell plan moves Senate closer to deal on Homeland Security funding,"The Senate moved closer Tuesday to a deal to avert a partial shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security, but the proposal faced an uncertain future in the House, where Republican leaders conspicuously refused to embrace it.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) told reporters he was prepared to move swiftly to extend funding for DHS through the fiscal year in a bill that is not contingent on Republican demands to repeal President Obama’s executive actions on immigration.

Under McConnell’s proposal, the Senate would vote first on the funding measure and then hold a separate vote on a bill to undo Obama’s new immigration initiatives. McConnell hopes to assuage conservatives who are determined to confront the president on what they see as abuse of his executive authority.

“I don’t know what’s not to like about this,” McConnell said. “This is an approach that respects both points of view.” If successful, the proposal will break a two-month deadlock over funding for the agency that is responsible for border security, airport security checks and a range of other functions.

But House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) did not immediately warm to the proposal, and it was not clear whether he could marshal enough backing in his chamber to complete the deal to keep DHS open beyond Friday, when its spending authority expires.

House Republicans will huddle behind closed doors Wednesday morning. The unsettled DHS debate is expected to be the central focus of their discussion.

The stalemate has tested Republicans’ ability to govern now that they are in full control of Congress. Senate Democrats have blocked four attempts by McConnell to move forward on a House bill that would fund the department but that ties that funding to a repeal of the president’s immigration actions, which would allow millions of undocumented immigrants a temporary reprieve from deportation.

Again on the brink

McConnell’s move represented a concession in a fight that has threatened to shut down the agency less than a year and a half after a budget standoff shuttered a broad swath of the federal government for more than two weeks in October 2013.

Senate Minority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) said Democrats want assurances from Boehner that a “clean” funding bill will pass the House before they will support McConnell’s plan and allow the votes to move forward.

“Now, all eyes are on Speaker Boehner,” said Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.).

Asked about the emerging Senate plan, Boehner spokesman Michael Steel said by e-mail: “The speaker has been clear: The House has acted, and now Senate Democrats need to stop hiding. Will they continue to block funding for the Department of Homeland Security or not?”

Exiting a House leadership meeting later on, House Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions (R-Tex.) said he did not support approving McConnell’s plan. Instead, Sessions said, Congress should pass a temporary extension of funding for up to six weeks and convene a House-Senate conference to try to hammer out the differences between the two chambers.

DHS is scheduled to begin furloughing nonessential workers if Congress does not extend its $40 billion budget by Friday.

At the White House, Obama prepared to inject himself more forcefully into the debate with a town-hall-style forum planned for Wednesday in Miami, which has a heavily Latino population. The president is expected to address the funding standoff and his immigration plan. The administration has appealed a federal judge’s decision last week temporarily blocking the deferred deportations program, under which up to 5 million of the nation’s 11 million undocumented immigrants would be eligible for renewable three-year deportation waivers. Many could receive work permits.

As the president tries to rally the public, however, Obama and his aides have limited their dealings with Capitol Hill. White House and Democratic aides said there is little the president can do, because he will not undo his immigration actions. It is up to Republicans to decide whether they are willing to shut down DHS over the issue, the aides said.

“This is not a battle with the White House. This is a battle taking place on Capitol Hill,” a White House official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal thinking. “Legislators on the Hill need to work on this. . . . What you’re going to see from the administration on DHS up until Friday is continuing to call attention publicly to the potential impact of shutting down DHS.”

To that end, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and two predecessors from the George W. Bush administration — Michael Chertoff and Tom Ridge — will attend a news conference scheduled for Wednesday to warn of problems that could occur if the agency is forced to begin furloughs.

Essential personnel, as many as 200,000 employees, would continue to report to work without pay during a partial shutdown. Although Johnson and the White House have said that national security would not be jeopardized, they have warned that long-term planning could be affected. In an interview, Chertoff warned of morale problems in the agency and said he thinks a shutdown would “no doubt adversely affect the nation’s security.”

“A couple days of delay [of pay] will not make a difference, but if it starts to mount up and there’s real uncertainty, people will start to feel demoralized, and that could have an impact over a long period,” Chertoff said. “You wouldn’t do this to [military] troops in the field, send them into combat but not get paid. They need to take this seriously.”

Doubts on the right

While McConnell’s plan to split off the immigration issue into a stand-alone measure opened the door to winning over Democrats, conservatives were skeptical.

“Senators arguing fund DHS but vote a separate bill to defund executive amnesty. Have you heard of Obama veto? Think we were born yesterday?” Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa), a staunch opponent of Obama’s immigration actions, wrote on Twitter.

Meanwhile, the administration has struggled to explain how a partial shutdown would affect national security. White House press secretary Josh Earnest, asked repeatedly about it Monday, declined to say that the nation would be more at risk. Rather, he said, the situation would not improve the nation’s safety.

“It’s hard to imagine a good time for Congress to be mucking around with the funding of the Department of Homeland Security,” Earnest said. “But now seems like a particularly bad one.”

Politically, the standoff could help the White House and Democrats. Republicans drew the brunt of public anger over the 2013 shutdown, and administration aides believe the same will happen if DHS is affected at week’s end.

It is not lost on White House allies that the president is traveling to Florida, a key swing state in presidential races, for the Wednesday event, co-hosted by MSNBC and Telemundo.

“In our travels to the immigrant community, the faith community, the law enforcement community and the business community, they want someone in D.C. to do something,” said Ali Noorani, executive director of the National Immigration Forum. “The president has done something. The political risk to the administration is only there if they stop doing something. Right now, it’s on Republicans to kind of meet the bar.”

Senior administration officials are scheduled to appear at another immigration forum, hosted by Univision, on Sunday in Los Angeles, the city with the largest number of immigrants potentially eligible for deportation relief under Obama’s executive actions.

“For the first time in a long time, the immigrant community and advocates are very aligned with the White House,” said Marielena Hincapié, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center. “I think the fact that he’s coming to Miami to meet with immigrant community members and take questions directly from folks speaks volumes.”",1
4529,Chattanooga shooting proves it's time to arm our Armed Forces,"It turns out that at least one of the two military facilities attacked in Chattanooga, Tennessee -- was a gun-free zone.

If you looked closely crime scene photographs - you can see the sign -- plastered on the front of a bullet- riddled window.

Click here to follow Todd on Facebook for conservative conversation.

Four Marines were slaughtered -- a fifth wounded -- along with a Chattanooga police officer.

Authorities say the gunman, identified as 24-year-old Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez, was killed in a shoot-out.

Abdulazeez is reportedly a Kuwaiti-native who attended high school in the Chattanooga area. The Times Free-Press posted his graduation photo – that included the phrase; “My name causes national security alerts. What does yours do?”

The FBI says it’s too soon to speculate on the suspect’s motive – but I think we’ve all got a pretty clear understanding of what went down.

As many as 50 shots were fired -- and all the survivors could do was barricade themselves inside.

The brave men and women who staff these military recruiting stations are sitting ducks. Soft targets - is the terminology they use.

The same thing happened at the Fort Hood massacre.

In response to the shooting Homeland Security ordered enhanced security measures at federal buildings. Since they can’t carry weapons what are they going to do? How are they going to defend themselves against the next Muhammad Abdulazeez -- lock the doors, pull the shades?

It's time to arm the Armed Forces. Now, I’m sure the experts will say there’s some sort of logical reason why military personnel should not have access to firearms – but I’m not convinced. Brave Marines gunned down in a Southern city -- and that is something we cannot abide. Our elected leaders must give them at least a fighting chance.

It makes absolutely no sense that Marines and Airmen and Sailors and Soldiers who defend our nation are unable to defend themselves – on American soil.



Todd Starnes is host of Fox News & Commentary, heard on hundreds of radio stations. His latest book is ""God Less America: Real Stories From the Front Lines of the Attack on Traditional Values."" Follow Todd on Twitter @ToddStarnes and find him on Facebook.

",1
3693,"Names of Oregon victims released, range in age from 18 to 67","Authorities Friday released the names of those killed in the mass murder at an Oregon community college, a collection of male and female victims ranging in age from 18 to 67 and including a professor as well as some of his students in an introductory writing class.

At a late afternoon press conference, Douglas County Sheriff John Hanlin intoned the names as aides posted their pictures on a wall behind him.

They were: Lucero Alcaraz, 19, Quinn Glen Cooper, 18, Kim Saltmarsh Dietz, 59, Lucas Eibel,18, Jason Dale Johnson, 33, Lawrence Levine, 67, Sarena Dawn Moore, 44, Treven Taylor Anspach, 20, and Rebecka Ann Carnes, 18.

Statements were read from several families.

""We have been trying to figure out how to tell everyone how amazing Lucas was, but that would take 18 years,"" the family of Lucas Eibel said in their statement.

Eibel, who was studying chemistry, volunteered at a wildlife center and animal shelter.

Quinn Glen Cooper's family said their son had just started college and loved dancing and voice acting.

""I don't know how we are going to move forward with our lives without Quinn,"" the Coopers said. ""Our lives are shattered beyond repair.""

Hanlin also said he was raising the number of those injured in the carnage at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, Ore. from seven to nine.

The announcement came shortly after investigators found at least 13 weapons linked to the gunman: six at the crime scene, including a rifle, and seven at his apartment.

All of the weapons were purchased legally, seven of them by the gunman or a relative, according to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. It reports that investigators recovered body armor including a flak jacket at the school, and additional ammunition in the apartment.

In addition to the rifle, the shooter also carried five handguns, a law enforcement source tells Fox News.

Details on the shooter's background are slowly emerging. The U.S. Army says the gunman, Christopher Harper Mercer, flunked out of basic training in 2008.

Lt. Col. Ben Garrett, an Army spokesman, said Mercer was in service at Ft. Jackson, South Carolina, starting on November 5, 2008. But by December 11, 2008, he was discharged for failing to meet the minimum administrative standards.

The Army spokesman did not say which standards Mercer failed to meet. Generally, the Army requires recruits to pass physical fitness tests and to be generally in good physical and mental health. Recruits also must score highly enough on a multiple-choice test covering science, math, reading comprehension and other topics.

Authorities say Mercer killed nine people at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg before he was killed in an exchange of gunfire with police. Witnesses said the gunman specifically targeted Christians.

There didn't seem to be many recent connections on the social media sites linked to the gunman, with his MySpace page just showing two friends. He appeared to have at least one online dating profile.

On a torrents streaming site and blog that appeared to belong to Mercer, posts referenced multiple shootings and downloads included several horror films and a documentary on a mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut.

A blog post urged readers to watch the online footage of Vester Flanagan shooting two former colleagues on live TV in Virginia, while another lamented materialism as preventing spiritual development.

A MySpace page that appeared to belong to Mercer included several photos and graphics of the Irish Republican Army as well as a picture of Mercer holding a rifle.

One law enforcement official described Mercer toThe New York Times as appearing to be ""an angry young man who was very filled with hate."" Another official said investigators were poring over what he described as ""hateful"" writings by Mercer.

Mercer's father says he's as shocked as anybody else. Ian Mercer spoke to KABC-TV and several other media outlets gathered outside his house in Tarzana, California late Thursday night.

He said it's been a ""devastating day"" for him and his family and said he has been talking to police and the FBI about the shooting.

He refused to answer questions and asked that his family's privacy be respected.

Mercer ""seemed really unfriendly"" and would ""sit by himself in the dark in the balcony with this little light,"" according to neighbor Bronte Harte, speaking to the Associated Press.

The New York Post identified the dating site as SpiritualPassions.com and reported that Mercer used the screen name ""Ironcross45,"" a possible reference to a WWII decoration awarded to Nazi soldiers.

The shooting sparked panic at the usually quiet college, more than 70 miles south of Eugene. Some students ran for their lives, while others crammed into buses taking them to safety.

Two people remain in critical condition in the ICU at Sacred Heart Medical Center in Springfield, Oregon. Doctors there say one victim was shot in the head.

One other victim is in critical condition at Mercy Medical Center in Roseburg, according to chief medical officer Dr. Jason Gray.He said his hospital initially received 10 patients.

Twitter user @bodhilooney posted a statement on the social network claiming that her grandmother was inside the classroom.

Hundreds went to a candlelight vigil Thursday night, with many raising candles as the hymn ""Amazing Grace"" was played.

Former student Sam Sherman said Roseburg was a ""poor town, a mill town."" Oregon's timber industry went into a tailspin 25 years ago.

""People don't generally aspire to greater things here,"" he said. ""So having a place you can go to do that is a big deal. For something that terrible to happen at such a small school is frustrating.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4665,Debate fact-check: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump's claims reviewed,"“We will have a second amendment that is a very small replica of what it is now” in a Clinton administration

Trump is being reductive: Clinton has never called for abolishing the second amendment, the right to bear arms, though she does support gun control measures such as an assault weapons ban, increased background checks and greater liability for manufacturers.

As moderator Chris Wallace noted, Clinton has said she disagrees with the supreme court’s 5-4 decision in 2008 to broadly affirm the personal right to gun ownership. Her campaign has said Clinton would prefer states have the right to enact as strict gun control laws as they see fit.

“Chicago has the toughest gun laws and the most gun deaths”



Chicago police have pushed back on the notion that the city’s gun laws have proven ineffective, noting that a huge number of gun seizures were of firearms purchased outside the city or outside Illinois, where laws are more lax. Trump is largely correct about Chicago’s homicide problem: the city is on pace to have more than 600 gun deaths in 2016.

“If you go with what Hillary is saying in the ninth month you can rip the baby out of the womb of the mother … up to the last day.”

Clinton does not support such an extreme view on abortion, nor have courts ever ruled such a late term operation legal, or suggested that they would. States vary on how late they allow abortions – in some states there have been attempts to introduce very short time limits, including in North Dakota where a proposal in 2013 for a ban six weeks after a woman’s last menstrual period was ruled unconstitutional, but in most states the time limit is at the start of the third trimester or earlier. There are nine states without specific term prohibitions, but clinics do not abort at such late terms: only 1.2% of abortions occur after 21 weeks, according to the nonprofit Guttmacher Institute.

Clinton does not want “open borders”: she supports reform to let people pass background checks and pay back taxes in order to stay in the US, and she supports Obama’s executive actions to shield some migrants, such as people who were brought to the US as children. Like Obama, she supports deportation for people with criminal records.

Trump is correct: Barack Obama has deported more than 2.5 million people, more than any other recent president, but he has prioritized migrants with criminal records. “Millions and millions”, however, is an exaggeration, and Obama also supports shielding millions of undocumented immigrants without criminal records, and reform for citizenship.

Obama “has thousands and thousands of people, they have no idea where they come from”



Ten thousand Syrian refugees have come to the United States in 2016, but Trump makes it sound misleadingly large.

He is patently wrong about the screening process. The US has among the most intensive screening process in the world for refugees: it requires they register and interview with the United Nations, which then must refer them to the US, refugees who pass this test then interview with state department contractors and have at least two background checks, then they have three fingerprint and photo screenings, then US immigration reviews the case, then Homeland Security interviews the refugee, then a doctor examines the refugee, and finally several security agencies perform one last check after the refugee has been matched with a resettlement agency.

The process takes 18 months to two years. The US has a very clear idea about which refugees it allows into the country.

“I don’t know Putin. He said nice things about me … He has no respect for our president.”

It’s not clear whether Trump has ever spoken with the Russian president. Putin was invited to but did not attend a 2013 beauty pageant in Moscow, according to one of the oligarchs who helped organize the event. “Will he become my new best friend?” Trump wondered beforehand.

The pair may have communicated through intermediaries. In 2014, Trump told a National Press Club luncheon: “I was in Moscow recently and I spoke, indirectly and directly, with President Putin, who could not have been nicer, and we had a tremendous success.” A year earlier, Trump told MSNBC: “I do have a relationship and I can tell you that he’s very interested in what we’re doing here today.”

Last November, Trump claimed in a debate that he “got to know him very well because we were both on 60 Minutes”. They appeared in separate, pre-taped segments and were not on set together.

Trump has repeatedly tried to do business in Russia, and his refusal to release tax returns prevents him proving that he has no assets there.

Putin has never called Trump “a genius”; he used the Russian word яркий, which means “colorful” or “flamboyant”. Trump likely heard the word translated as “bright” or “brilliant”, though its connotations are often more pejorative than not: bright in the sense of glaring and gaudy, brilliant in the sense of dazzling light. Putin also called him “talented, undoubtedly”.

“It’s not our business to decide his merits; that’s for US voters,” Putin said earlier this year. He did say, however, that he would welcome the rapprochement in Russian-American relations that Trump has suggested. You can read more about Putin’s remarks here.

“She has no idea whether it’s Russia, China or somebody else … Our country has no idea”

US intelligence officials have formally accused Russia of hacking Democratic organizations, saying they have “high confidence” that the Kremlin is behind cyberattacks on the US government, Democratic organizations and polling centers. Trump has repeatedly cast doubt on this claim, despite personal briefings with US intelligence officials.

Even his running mate, Mike Pence, has accepted the briefings, and told NBC on Sunday: “I think there’s more and more evidence that implicates Russia.” Earlier Wednesday a Russian man suspected of involvement in the hacks was arrested in Prague.

“The border patrol agents, 16,500 plus, ICE, endorsed me. First time they’ve ever endorsed a candidate”

Immigration and Customs Enforcement is a government agency. It does not endorse political candidates. A union representing about 7,600 ICE officials endorsed Trump in September. A group representing 16,500 of 21,000 border patrol agents similarly endorsed Trump; this does not represent all the agents.

Clinton is correct that Trump took the quote out of context: she was talking primarily about trade to Banco Itau, a Brazilian bank that eventually became Unibanco. Here’s what she said, according to a hacked email released by Wikileaks:

Clinton has flip-flopped on free trade since 2013, most notably supporting and then rejecting the Trans-Pacific Partnership.

“I’m a big fan of Nato but they have to pay up”

Trump is not necessarily a big fan of Nato, which he has called “obsolete”, and he’s wrong that allies do not pay for US military bases, though they do not pay perhaps as much as some Nato commanders want.

The US has urged its Nato allies to pay more for years, especially as eastern and central European allies have loudly warned about aggressive Russian action. The US currently pays about 22% of overall Nato spending, compared to Germany’s 15%, France’s 11%, the UK’s 10%, etc, and most Nato members fail to pay the 2% of GDP into defense as the alliance’s guidelines dictate. But the US does receive payments for military bases abroad from countries like Japan and South Korea, and takes profits from arms deals (sometimes to controversial clients, such as Saudi Arabia).

The US also benefits strategically through foreign military bases, which have acted as foundations for American influence abroad.

“I never said Japan should have nuclear weapons”



Trump has suggested Japan and South Korea should develop their own nuclear weapons. He told the New York Times in March: “Well I think maybe it’s not so bad to have Japan – if Japan had that nuclear threat, I’m not sure that would be a bad thing for us.”

Trump has the raw numbers just about right. When Obama took office on 20 January 2009, the federal debt was $10.63tn. As of 28 September 2016, it was $19.5tn. Trump omits, however, two key points: Congress controls the government’s wallet (ie Obama cannot spend or tax without approval from lawmakers), and Obama took office during the financial crisis, when Republicans, Democrats and most economists agreed that the US needed to spend in order to counteract the collapsing economy. Pence has the right numbers but imputes too much responsibility on the president.

“When you ran the state department, $6bn was missing! Maybe it was stolen … nobody knows”

This is not correct. Trump is alluding to a March 2014 alert, about contractor spending in the Middle East and Africa, by the state department’s inspector general, who was so perturbed by careless language around the $6bn figure that he wrote the Washington Post a letter that April. His alert did not conclude that the money was “missing” he told the Post, but rather that officials had failed “to adequately maintain contract files” that created “significant financial risk”. Files were missing or incomplete regarding several dozen contracts, not the money itself, and the state department agreed to his recommendations.

Trump is right: Clinton has not been consistent on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and her language from 2010 through 2014 suggests she was broadly in support of Barack Obama’s trade deal, before eventually opposing it as a presidential candidate. As secretary of state in 2012, she said: “This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field. And when negotiated, this agreement will cover 40 percent of the world’s total trade and build in strong protections for workers and the environment.”

She continued to praise it while she worked for the Obama administration, variously calling it “high quality”, “cutting edge”, “groundbreaking” and “high standard”.

The claim that Hillary Clinton “gave” the world Isis condenses and distorts a conservative view that, closer to its original form, says that that by withdrawing American forces from Iraq, Barack Obama created a power vacuum in which Isis could rise.

This argument ignores that Isis’s first segments formed out of Iraq’s civil war, while George W Bush was president, that the group gained strength in Syria’s civil war, where the US did not intervene until 2014, that Obama withdrew American forces in 2011 under the timeline agreed on by Bush and Baghdad, and that both Bush and Obama failed to come to an agreement with Baghdad over troops – in large part over a disagreement about whether American troops could be prosecuted by Iraq.

Trump supported the invasion of Iraq in 2003 and “surgical” intervention to remove Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi in 2011, though he now claims otherwise. He also supported withdrawal from Iraq in 2007 and 2008.

The sexual allegations against Trump have not been “debunked”, though they have not been proven, either. For context, Jill Harth sued Trump in 1997 for “attempted rape” and earlier this year told the Guardian he “me up against the wall” of a child’s bedroom “and had his hands all over me and tried to get up my dress”. Jessica Leeds and Rachel Cooks recounted to the New York Times that Trump had groped the former “like an octopus” and kissed the latter without consent.

Reporter Natasha Stoynoff has said Trump cornered her in a room in 2005 and “within seconds, he was pushing me against the wall, and forcing his tongue down my throat”. Mindy McGillivray told the Palm Beach Post a similar story, saying that Trump groped her 13 years ago, also at his Mar-a-Lago property in Florida. Summer Zervos, a former Apprentice contestant, has alleged that he groped and kissed her without consent in 2007. Temple Taggart accused Trump of advances at rehearsal for the 1997 Miss USA pageant, photographer Kirsten Anderson said Trump groped her at a nightclub in the 1990s, and Cathy Heller said he grabbed and kissed her at a Mar-A-Lago brunch in 1997.

The Trump campaign has denied the allegations. It has produced a self-professed witness, who has a history of making unproven claims, from the flight with Leeds, and a letter from the cousin of Zervos expressing doubt about her claim but not calling her a liar. “I can only imagine that Summer’s actions today are nothing more than an attempt to regain the spotlight at Mr Trump’s expense,” his letter said.

“I did not say that [women were not unattractive enough for him to advance on]”

Trump clearly suggested that he did not find at least one of his accusers attractive, saying “She would not be my first choice, believe me.”

“They hired people [to incite violence at rallies], they gave them $1,500 … she caused the violence, it’s on tape!”

Trump appears to be alluding to an edited video that suggests a few Democratic staffers had hired people to incite violence. One of those staffers has resigned, and said that “none of the schemes described in the conversations ever took place”. So far there is no proof that anyone was actually hired to cause violence.

“Criminally, after getting a subpoena by the United States Congress, [Clinton deleted emails]. One lie.”

Trump has the timeline correct, but not the criminality. He omits the FBI’s conclusion that there was no evidence of an intentional effort to conceal anything, and the FBI learned that a Clinton aide had asked for the emails unrelated to government work to be deleted in December 2014, months before the 4 March 2015 subpoena.

The emails were deleted at the end of March, according to the FBI, when an employee had what he called an “oh shit” moment about his previous order from Mills. The state department first agreed to produce records in July 2014.

“A four-star general who lied to the FB faces a worse deal than Clinton”

Trump did not specify a general’s name but appears to have been referring to James Cartwright. He has in the past referred to both Cartwright and General David Petraeus in his argument that Clinton benefits from some kind of double standard.

In 2015 Petraeus, a former CIA director and a four-star general, pled guilty to giving a large amount of classified information – including the identities of covert officers and war strategy – to his biographer, with whom he was having an affair. During the FBI investigation, Petraeus lied to agents, according to the plea deal. But the justice department only sentenced Petraeus to two years’ probation and a $100,000 fine, provoking accusations that this relatively lenient sentence was evidence of a double standard for the powerful. The justice department’s lenience toward Petraeus actually made it more difficult, in part, for prosecutors to recommend charges against Clinton.

This week Cartwright pled guilty to lying to the FBI in an investigation into leaking classified information about operations against Iran to journalists. Like Petraeus, though, the FBI found actual intentional wrongdoing in Cartwright’s case. Cartwright’s punishment could range from a $500 fine to six months in prison or, if the judge sees fit, a higher sentence.



There is no evidence that the Clinton Foundation is a “criminal enterprise”, or that its donors or the Clintons profit from the charity.

Trump appears to be alluding a garment factory built after Haiti’s 2010 earthquake in the town of Caracol, while Bill Clinton was the UN’s special envoy to Haiti and co-chairman of the Interim Haiti Recovery Commission (IHRC), an organization that approved US government funded projects that added up to hundreds of millions of dollars. The IHRC approved a project between the US, Haiti’s government and Sae-A Trading, a South Korean clothing company, and it now provides 8,900 jobs to Haitians.

An eventual review by the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office found “mixed results” with the project, including “unrealistic initial timeframes”, delays, incomplete information in the feasibility study, and funding problems. Earlier in October, labor organizers alleged that factory managers were mistreating workers there, but an ABC News investigation found no evidence that Clinton Foundation donors profited from the project, though some were involved in the project. The US committed funding but did not participate in building the industrial park; a labor group that reviewed the factory found it had adequate oversight and had dealt with concerns, though the factory remains within the range of the often grueling garment industry.

He was correct, at least, that the Clinton Foundation has accepted millions from Middle East countries with records of repression of women and gay people. 



“I don’t buy boats, I don’t buy planes [with money the Trump Foundation], we put up the American flag, and that’s it … We fought for the right in Palm Beach to put up the American flag”

Trump is not being wholly honest about his charitable foundation, at least according to the Trump Foundation’s own documents, which show that he used its money to pay for legal settlements and even self-portraits, as Clinton said and the Washington Post has reported at length.

Trump does not come from modest beginnings. In 1978 his father gave him a loan totaling almost $1m – about $3.7m today – and acted as guarantor for the young Trump’s early projects. A 1981 report by a New Jersey regulator also shows a $7.5m loan from the patriarch, and years later he bought $3.5m in gambling chips to help his son pay off the debts of a failing casino, a transaction found later found illegal. Trump also borrowed millions against his inheritance before his father’s death, a 2007 deposition shows.

Trump has not proven that he is worth $10bn, though his tax returns, which he has refused to release, could provide a clearer picture of his worth. His financial filings suggest he has less than $250m in liquid assets, according to a Wall Street Journal analysis. Trump has a history of overstating his properties: he has, for instance, told the Federal Election Commission (FEC) that a New York golf club is worth $50m but also argued in court that it is worth only $1.4m.

“These people have all left. The element of surprise … all she had to do was stay there”

Isis has not left Mosul: several thousand fighters remain there and are fighting the coalition of Iraqi and Kurdish troops, backed by US airstrikes and special forces. Isis leaders have known for years that Baghdad would try to retake the city, if they have not known since they took the city.

Trump did not support leaving a residual American force in Iraq, but actually called for a complete withdrawal from Iraq, despite the likelihood of civil war or an authoritarian coup. “You know how they get out? They get out. That’s how they get out. Declare victory and leave,” he told CNN in 2007. “This is a total catastrophe, and you might as well get out now because you’re just wasting time, and lives.”

The argument that Isis rose out of the vacuum of post-withdrawal Iraq also ignores that its origins were in the country’s civil war, while George W Bush was in office, and that the terror group concentrated strength in Syria’s civil war before Barack Obama began a bombing and special forces campaign there.

Trump, when told he was for the invasion of Iraq: “Wrong”

This is a lie. In the months before the Iraq war began, Trump mildly endorsed invasion to radio host Howard Stern, who asked him whether US forces should attack. “Yeah, I guess so,” Trump answered. A few weeks later he told Fox News that George W Bush was “doing a very good job”. Several weeks after the invasion, Trump told the Washington Post: “The war’s a mess.” In August 2004 he told Esquire: “Two minutes after we leave, there’s going to be a revolution, and the meanest, toughest, smartest, most vicious guy will take over.”

Even in an interview cited by the Trump campaign, Trump expressed impatience with Bush for not invading sooner. “Whatever happened to the days of the Douglas MacArthur? He would go and attack. He wouldn’t talk.”

About 10.7 million people have gained jobs since Barack Obama took office in 2009 (not 15 million as the Clinton campaign sometimes claims). Growth is not stagnant, though it is not significant, and it requires context: the 2008 financial crisis that nearly collapsed the economy. According to a 2015 nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the stimulus may have increased GDP buy up to 0.2 percentage points. US growth in the second quarter of 2016 was 1.4%.

“Their [the people of New Hampshire’s] single biggest problem is heroin that pours across our southern borders, just pouring and destroying their youth”

Trump is correct that heroin deaths have increased dramatically since 2007, in part because of the abuse of painkillers and the growth of a number of powerful heroin-related drugs, such as fentanyl. According to the DEA, 10,574 Americans died from heroin-related overdoses in 2014, more than three times the number in 2010.

“Next week [the healthcare premiums] are going to go up 100%”

Trump and Clinton both accept the reality that healthcare premiums have increased since the Affordable Care Act was enacted, but Trump appears to be exaggerating wildly. On average, premiums have risen by about 5.8% a year since Obama took office, compared with 13.2% in the nine years before Obama, Politifact found earlier this year. Trump, however, is cherry-picking data from various states and providers where rates have had higher jumps. The most common healthcare plans will increase 9% on average, according to an analysis by the Kaiser Family Foundation.

“We take care of illegal immigrants … better than we take care of our vets”

This claim flies in the face of evidence and logic. Like all US citizens, veterans enjoy the basic rights and benefits granted by US law (voting rights, social security, Medicaid, etc), while undocumented migrants (non-citizens) do not. Trump has in the past tried to justify this claim by saying the US spends more on undocumented people than on veterans, but has drawn a $113bn price tag from an explicitly anti-immigration foundation. He also inflated that number.

The campaign has said the US spends $2.8bn on housing migrants in prisons, combining an estimate on prison costs and the 2016 budget for the care and processing of children who came to the US without adults. The Veterans Affairs administration has a 2016 budget of $69.7bn. Veterans and undocumented migrants alike have access to K-12 education, though few veterans would likely seek it, and veterans have access to the Affordable Care Act, military benefits and health benefits, while migrants do not.

“Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store, you have no education, no jobs”

Trump’s repeated claim that “African Americans, Hispanics, are living in hell” defies most of American history, from antebellum slavery through the Jim Crow decades, great depression and segregation. Even if Trump is only referring the past half century, he is still wrong by most metrics.

Data on employment, education and health show empirical evidence for the persistent reality of discrimination against black Americans, but also show major gains in the last few decades. In 2015, black people earned just 75% as much as whites in median hourly earnings, whether full- or part-time, according to a Pew Research analysis. The black unemployment rate in August 2016 was 8.1%, compared with 4.4% for white people, but still lower than for most of the last 40 years. Black life expectancy has increased from the mid-30s around 1900 to the mid-70s in 2016, according to the CDC. Education rates have similarly increased in the last 40 years, according to the census.

“We have 33,000 people a year who die from guns”

Clinton is broadly correct. The Centers for Disease Control reported 33,636 firearm deaths in 2013, and similar figures in the years preceding it.

Clinton is not quite right. A Trump contractor hired undocumented Polish workers in the late 1970s and early 1980s, and in 1983 union members sued one of their organizers. Trump appeared in court in 1990 and blamed the contractor overseeing the project, which was for Trump Tower.

“I will not add a penny to the debt”

Estimates suggest Clinton is not wholly correct. Her proposed tax plan would add $191bn to the debt over the long term, according to the Committee for a Responsible Budget, a conservative thinktank. The Tax Policy Center, however, estimates that she would add $1.1tn in revenue in a decade, though much of that would be offset by increased spending. The Tax Foundation estimated that Trump’s plan would add $5.3tn to the debt.

“We at the Clinton Foundation spend 90% [of what’s given] and have the highest rating from watchdogs”

The Clinton Foundation does have high marks from charity watchdogs, which also show that the group does spend the vast majority of its donations on its own charitable programs.

Clinton says Trump has called the election ‘rigged’, while Trump says he won’t necessarily accept the election results

All available evidence shows that in-person voter fraud is exceedingly rare: you are more likely to be struck by lightning in the next year (a one in 1,042,000 chance, according to Noaa) than to find a case of voter fraud by impersonation (31 possible cases in more than a billion ballots cast from 2000 to 2014, according to a study by Loyola Law School).

Voter fraud would have to happen on an enormous scale to sway elections, because the electoral college system decentralizes authority: each of the 50 states has its own rules and local officials, not federal ones, run the polls and count the ballots. This complexity makes the notion of a “rigged” national election, at least in the US, logistically daunting to the point of practical impossibility. Thirty-one states have Republican governors, including the swing states of Florida, North Carolina, Iowa, Nevada and Ohio; Pennsylvania only elected a Democratic governor in 2015. Polls show Trump losing even in some states where governors have strongly supported him. In Maine, for instance, the Real Clear Politics average shows him down five points.

About 75% of the ballots cast in federal elections have paper backups, and most electronic voting machines are not connected to the internet – though they have other flaws and may be vulnerable to tampering. But voter fraud to swing a major election, whether by tampering, buying votes or official wrongdoing, would quickly attract attention by its necessarily large scale.

If Trump loses the presidential election, it will be because American voters do not want him in the White House, not because of a conspiracy involving Republicans and Democrats alike at state and city levels around the nation – a conspiracy for which Trump has provided no evidence.

“Trump’s plan largely helps the wealthy and adds $20tn in debt”

Clinton is correct that although Trump’s tax plan would cut taxes for everyone, it would disproportionately help the wealthiest Americans, saving them millions of dollars and adding $5.3tn to the national debt, according to an analysis by the Tax Foundation, a conservative thinktank. She seems to be citing another analysis, by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, about the debt, and possibly overstates its estimated consequences.

That center warned that without severe spending cuts, the plan would balloon national debt “by nearly 80% of gross domestic product by 2036, offsetting some or all of the incentive effects of the tax cuts”. According to that group, half of Trump’s tax cuts would go to the top 1% of earners, and most families below the top 20% of earners would have income gains of less than 1%.

• This article was amended on 21 October 2016. An earlier version said incorrectly that North Dakota had banned abortion six weeks after a woman’s last menstrual period and that the general referred to by Trump was David Petraeus. Two sections of the text have been corrected and clarified accordingly.",1
4378,Kentucky Clerk's Office Issues Same-Sex Marriage License,"In what was an emotional and contentious scene at the Rowan County, Ky., Courthouse this morning, one dramatic legal standoff came to an end when a gay couple was issued a marriage license.

James Yates and William Smith, who had tried this five times before, arrived at the courthouse just as the sun started peeking out from under the mountains on the horizon.

They walked past protesters — some condemning them and some cheering them — and entered the clerk's office.

Kim Davis, the county clerk who had stood in their way those five previous attempts, was in jail. She was held in contempt by a federal judge Thursday for refusing to hand out marriage licenses in defiance of the U.S. Supreme Court. So early Friday, Yates and Smith walked up to Deputy Clerk Brian Mason.

Mason was all business. He checked their licenses, asked them if they were related, took their $35 and, in about five minutes, handed them an envelope and said, ""Congratulations.""

Yates and Smith had become the first same-sex couple to receive a marriage license from Rowan County.

They exited to chants of ""Love has won. Love has won.""

""I don't want her in jail,"" Yates said of Davis. ""No one wanted her in jail. We just wanted the licenses given out. This isn't a blessing. It's an official license.""

""This means, at least for this area, civil rights are civil rights and they're not subject to beliefs.""

Davis' husband, Joe Davis, was also outside the courthouse with a group of protesters who called this a moral fight.

""We don't hate these people. That's the furthest thing from our hearts,"" he said. ""We don't hate nobody. We just want to have the same rights that they have. They're saying, 'Hey we're gonna make you accept us.' But they don't want to accept our beliefs. But they want us to accept theirs.""

There is still some question about the legality of the marriage licenses handed out today, because they don't bear Davis' signature.",1
775,The map is tough for any Republican. It’s completely daunting for Donald Trump.,"Every preliminary electoral-map forecast this spring paints a bleak picture for Donald Trump in his effort to win the presidency against Hillary Clinton. The consensus is that there is only a very narrow path to victory, and that will probably shape the opening phase of the general-election campaign.

Among the earlier forecasts, the University of Virginia’s Larry Sabato sees a Clinton romp in the making. A year ago, his forecast showed Democrats with an advantage in states adding up to 247 electoral votes, Republicans with an edge in states adding up to 206 and six states totaling 85 votes rated as toss-ups. Today, Sabato sees no states as toss-ups. Instead, he shows Clinton with 347 electoral votes and Trump with just 191.

The Cook Political Report shows a similarly dire map for Trump: 304 electoral votes leaning or solid for Clinton, 190 leaning or solid for Trump and 44 up for grabs. The four states Cook rated as toss-ups include three carried by Obama in 2012 (Iowa, New Hampshire and Ohio) and one carried by Mitt Romney (North Carolina).

The Rothenberg & Gonzales Political Report offers a more conservative estimate, but one no less daunting for Trump and Republicans: 263 leaning or solid for the Democrats, 206 for the Republicans and the remaining as toss-ups. The toss-ups in this analysis are Colorado, Florida, Ohio and Virginia.

These forecasts are the reason so many elected Republicans are worried about Trump at the top of their ticket. If he crashes, so too might their current majorities, particularly in the Senate. No wonder House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) remains a holdout in his willingness to fully embrace Trump and why Senate leaders expressed their concerns to the presumptive nominee when they met Thursday.

To hold the Senate, Republicans must fend off a series of Democratic challenges in states that are traditional presidential battlegrounds or, worse, states that have been in the Democrats’ presidential column repeatedly.

Cook’s Senate list shows six Republican-held seats as toss-up races. Three are in presidentially blue states: Mark Kirk in Illinois, Patrick J. Toomey in Pennsylvania and Ron Johnson in Wisconsin. Three others are in traditional battlegrounds: Rob Portman in Ohio, Kelly Ayotte in New Hampshire and the seat being vacated by Marco Rubio in Florida. Only one Democratic seat is currently a toss-up, that of retiring Democratic leader Harry Reid of Nevada.

If it becomes necessary, these embattled Republican incumbents will distance themselves from Trump in an instant to run their own campaigns — but will need to defy recent history to be successful. For some years now, voters increasingly have cast their votes for Senate in line with their presidential preference. This election could become a major test of whether that trend toward straight-ticket voting in recent years can be reversed.

A counter to the electoral-map projections showing Trump a potentially sizable drag on other Republican candidates came last week, when Quinnipiac University released polls from Ohio, Florida and Pennsylvania. Clinton and Trump were neck and neck in Florida and Pennsylvania, and Trump led narrowly in Ohio.

Critics of the surveys asserted that the samples understated the likely size of the nonwhite vote and overstated the percentage of Republicans. It’s also worth noting that all of the surveys had a relatively high percentage of undecided voters.

More evidence is needed, and subsequent surveys will either ratify or contradict those numbers. But the three states in question are one path to the presidency for Trump. If he could hold all of the states that Romney won — by no means a certainty — and flip Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania, he would become president.

Many Democrats express the belief that there are traditional GOP states that may be in play in November, starting with Arizona. Clinton strategists are not assuming major changes in the geography of the battlegrounds. To that end, the key will be to prevent Trump from bringing out disaffected white, working-class voters while energizing the Obama coalition.

The Washington Post’s Abby Phillip described one step that the Clinton campaign is planning to protect states that are must-wins this fall, which is by starting to organize as early and as robustly as possible in Midwestern states with white, working-class constituencies, including Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania.

All three states have voted for the Democratic nominee six times in a row, although Obama won Pennsylvania, where there was no real campaign, by just more than five points in 2012. That five-point margin was almost identical to the margins by which he won the contested states of Colorado and New Hampshire and is a source of potential concern for Clinton’s team.

[Nine House committee chairs endorse Trump, but not yet Speaker Ryan]

The Clinton camp has been eager to get moving on its general-election operations for weeks, knowing that it takes time and resources to build the kind of organization they need to get all of their voters to the polls in November. The persistence of the challenge from Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont notwithstanding, the leadership of Clinton’s campaign in Brooklyn is now moving ahead on that front.

Clinton’s other strategy will be to disqualify Trump to any possible persuadable voters, among them independent women, and to generate the biggest possible turnout among Latinos and African Americans.

Clinton’s liabilities as a candidate make it more difficult for her simply to run a positive campaign to win over these voters, although she will need to do that. In addition, she and her outside allies will probably emulate the strategy followed by Obama against Romney four years ago by unloading soon.

The barrage will come in the form of TV ads and other means of communication — through social media, surrogates and talking heads, all recounting the many controversial things Trump has said about women, about Mexicans, about Muslims and anything else that might be in the opposition research files.

Trump should expect an all-out assault from the Democrats starting in early June. The goal will be to make it as difficult as possible for him to gain a foothold in the places where he will need it most. Whether Trump and the Republicans, who are all scrambling to try to unify as best as they can, will be ready to answer is a major question.

Trump has proved to be largely impervious to attack in the primaries, but he’s now facing a much different electorate. If he isn’t ready for what is coming at him, the opening phase of the general election could prove decisive.",1
3893,"White House makes formal veto threat against Keystone, ACA bills","The White House made formal veto threats Wednesday against House bills that would allow the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline and change a key mandate under the Affordable Care Act, signaling a rocky start to the 114th Congress.

While White House press secretary Josh Earnest had announced Tuesday that President Obama intends to veto the first bill headed to his desk under the GOP-controlled Congress, the new Statement of Administration Policy elaborates on the president's objection to the bill.

The House version — which is identical to the one just introduced in the Senate on Tuesday by Sens. John Hoeven (N.D.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) — ""conflicts with longstanding Executive branch procedures regarding the authority of the President and prevents the thorough consideration of complex issues that could bear on U.S. national interests (including serious security, safety, environmental, and other ramifications),"" reads the statement, which was released by the Office of Management and Budget.

""If presented to the President, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto this bill,"" it adds.

The president also laid down the gauntlet when it comes to House Republicans' latest effort to chip away at his signature health-care law. Currently the Affordable Care Act requires employers to provide health insurance if they have at least 50 full-time workers, which is defined by anyone working 30 hours a week or more. The Save American Workers Act would change the definition of a full-time employee to someone working at least 40 hours a week.

Obama will reject the measure ""because it would significantly increase the deficit, reduce the number of Americans with employer-based health insurance coverage, and create incentives for employers to shift their employees to part-time work – causing the problem it intends to solve.""

""Rather than attempting once again to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act, which the House has tried to do over 50 times, it is time for the Congress to stop fighting old political battles and join the President in forwarding an agenda focused on providing greater economic opportunity and security for middle class families and all those working to be a part of the middle class,"" the Statement of Administration Policy adds.

During his regular press briefing Wednesday, House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) questioned why the president was starting out the new session on such an adversarial note.

""Too many Americans are out of work, too many are working harder just to keep pace in the face of rising costs and frankly, we’ve got an awful lot of work to do,"" Boehner said. ""Unfortunately, by threatening two of these bipartisan jobs bills, the president essentially is telling the American people he really doesn’t care what they think. Well, our commitment is to stand up for the American people and their priorities, and it’s a commitment we will not break.”

Brendan Buck, a spokesman for House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wisc.), noted in an e-mail that 18 House Democrats voted for a similar health care bill last Congress. A companion bill in the Senate is sponsored by Sens. Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.).

Polls show a clear majority of Americans support approving the Keystone pipeline, with 60 percent in a November USA Today survey saying Obama and Congress should authorize the project; 25 percent said it should not and the rest were unsure. Separate polling finds most Republicans, independents, and moderate or conservative Democrats support the pipeline, liberal Democrats and those with the most education more opposed.

Along with overall public support, Americans are bullish about the pipeline’s job-creation prospects. More than eight in 10 respondents in a Washington Post-ABC News poll said the pipeline would create a significant number of jobs, while just under half thought it would pose a significant risk to the environment.",1
3046,Why do people on the other side seem so unreasonable?,"George W. Bush famously described himself as “a uniter, not a divider.” A few years into his presidency there was a survey that reported that 49 percent of Americans thought he was a “uniter” and 49 percent thought him a “divider” — a poignant reminder that Americans are so polarized, they’re even polarized about polarization.

And of course the same goes for Obama who, like Bush, spent two terms as president trying, but failing, to be a bipartisan figure.

A characteristic feature of polarization seems to be the impression that one’s own side is reasonable and that all the polarizing comes from the other side of the political aisle.

I came across an amusing example of this today, ironically from a political scientist, Gerard Alexander, who, in an op-ed entitled, “Jon Stewart, Patron Saint of Liberal Smugness,” writes:

This is just too perfect. It’s a beautiful paradox. If Alexander is right, then there is an important asymmetry in American politics, which is the thing that he’s saying conservatives don’t believe! If he’s wrong, then there is no asymmetry, which is what he’s saying conservatives believe in the first place. It’s like something out of Lewis Carroll.

I’m reminded of economist Emily Oster’s quote that economists are different from almost everyone else in society in that they assume everybody is fundamentally alike.

I also think it’s a bit odd for Alexander to describe liberals as “fixated” on Sarah Palin: it’s not liberals who nominated Palin for vice-president, or who put her on TV. Unless you want to describe William Kristol and Roger Ailes as liberals.

Also this, from Alexander:

My strongest memory of Mr. Stewart, like that of many other conservatives, is probably going to be his 2010 interview with the Berkeley law professor John Yoo. Mr. Yoo had served in Mr. Bush’s Justice Department and had drafted memos laying out what techniques could and couldn’t be used to interrogate Al Qaeda detainees. Mr. Stewart seemed to go into the interview expecting a menacing Clint Eastwood type, who was fully prepared to zap the genitals of some terrorist if that’s what it took to protect America’s women and children. Mr. Stewart was caught unaware by the quiet, reasonable Mr. Yoo, who explained that he had been asked to determine what legally constituted torture so the government could safely stay on this side of the line. The issue, in other words, wasn’t whether torture was justified but what constituted it and what didn’t.

First off, let me say that this is a horrible thing to say about Clint Eastwood, who was never involved in this:

It’s interesting to see what Alexander did there. First, he changed the question from “crushing the testicles of the person’s child” (which Yoo refused to say the government couldn’t do) “zap[ping] the genitals of some terrorist” (which is, presumably, also a treaty violation but doesn’t sound so bad). Second, Alexander didn’t even say “suspected terrorist,” he said “terrorist.” But of course one of the concerns with torture is that it’s not only done on terrorists, it’s also done on people who get picked up on suspicion of terrorism, or just people who somebody thinks might have some information. Alexander gets to characterize Yoo as “reasonable” only by shifting the ground of the debate. He also describes Yoo as “quiet,” which seems pretty irrelevant to me. Personally, I’d prefer someone who yells but opposes torture to someone who is soft-spoken and supports it. Then again, I don’t personally know anyone who’s been killed by a terrorist; maybe if I did, I’d feel differently.

Anyway, the point is that Alexander demonstrates political polarization in his column, in the very way that he is castigating liberals for unreasonable for seeing themselves as more reasonable than conservatives. And, if you’d like, you could characterize this post as even more polarization, in that of all the things I could write about today, I’ve chosen this.

My point, though, as a political scientist, is that along with our very reasonable concerns about difficulties of communication between the left and the right — an often disturbing lack of national unity — comes a corresponding split in perceptions. Alexander is correct to see a tendency among many liberals to think of themselves as more reasonable than conservatives. But his column, ironically, demonstrates the symmetric tendency of many conservatives to see themselves as the reasonable ones. So, instead of mere disagreements on policy, we get disputes about the legitimacy of each side’s concerns, as well as ahistorical views such as an attribution to liberals of Sarah Palin’s fame.

None of this is new, but it has been getting worse in the past generation, and this particular column reminded me of it.

Finally, it’s data time. This is the Monkey Cage, after all. Here are some graphs from my book Red State Blue State on partisan polarization during the Korean, Vietnam and Iraq wars.",1
4188,The Republican Party ruined conservatism long before Trump: Why they still don’t get it,"This is true at both the national and state levels. Modern conservative mythology begins with Reagan, a man who tripled the federal budget deficit (which shot up to $3 trillion during his tenure) and raised taxes 11 times during the course of his presidency. Reagan didn’t shrink the size of government or grow the middle class. On the contrary, he made government more bloated, more defense-oriented, more corporatist. George W. Bush’s 8 years in office were similarly disastrous: more corporate welfare, more debt, more Utopian military campaigns, more disorder.

Today Republican governors are plunging – or have plunged – their states into one abyss after another, all under the banner of conservatism. There are almost too many examples to cite: Sam Brownback in Kansas; Bobby Jindal in Louisiana; Rick Snyder in Michigan; Phil Bryant in Mississippi; Scott Walker in Wisconsin; Chris Christie in New Jersey; Paul LePage in Maine; Rick Scott in Florida. The list goes on and on and on.

The point is obvious enough: The conservative brand is tainted.

Now that Donald Trump has hijacked the Republican Party, the conservative intelligentsia is apoplectic. Trump isn’t a real conservative, they say. He’s ideologically incoherent, they say. The assumption is that Trump is an aberration, a chimera born of anti-establishment rage. Or that he’s a threat to the “conservative movement” rather than its natural outgrowth.

Consider the latest Wall Street Journal op-ed by conservative columnist Bret Stephens. Stephens writes:

There are two problems with this. First, there’s a disconnect between establishment Republicans and conservative voters. If you watch Fox News or listen to right-wing radio, it’s clear that the base isn’t animated by a coherent worldview. Many self-identify as conservative, but their conservatism is a vague stew of cultural resentment, religious certainty, and half-baked talking points. There is no consistent “conservative cause” to preserve. And if there is a genuine conservative coalition, the Know Nothings and the John Birchers are now central to it. Indeed, the GOP has cultivated these wings since its adoption of the “Southern Strategy” roughly 50 years ago.

Second, to the extent that conservative ideas have been implemented in recent years, they haven’t worked. The “conservative cause” is already crippled. Neoliberal economics, which is what conservative elites support, has gutted the country and the working class. The trade deals, the tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans, the privatization schemes – have redistributed wealth upwards at the expense of everyone else. “Conservatives,” Stephens writes, are “supposed to believe that it’s folly to put hope before experience,” but they’ve put ideological dogma over empirical reality for decades. “Trickle-down” economics didn’t work for Reagan (revenue decreased and unemployment spiked to 10.8 percent after his initial 1981 tax cuts, for example) and it didn’t work for the Bush administrations. And yet GOP presidential candidates speak as though the contrary were true, as though history doesn’t exist. One can argue that this isn’t classical conservatism; that real conservatism involves prudence, a pragmatic respect for existing institutions, and careful responsiveness to change. But that’s not what passes as conservatism. Today’s “conservatives” are hopelessly wedded to discredited abstractions. When elected, their ideas have failed. Now voters are revolting against the establishment and choosing instead to embrace the ethno-nationalism of Trump. Stephens writes that “A Trump presidency means losing the Republican Party.” I disagree. Trump’s nomination means the Republican Party is already lost. Or perhaps it was never found. The GOP has been ideologically fractured since at least the early ’80s, when it morphed into a quasi-religious movement. The Wall Street Journal editorial board cares about tax policy and capital gains, but the Republican base doesn’t. The people voting for Trump are losers in the new economy to be sure, but they’re animated by cultural angst and identity-based fears as much as anything else. Republicans have exploited their base in similar ways for years; Trump has just taken it to another level. I’m not sure what a Trump presidency really means. But it’s not the death knell for conservatism. The GOP ruined conservatism long before Trump. If people like Stephens want to save conservatism, they need a new party, not a new candidate.",1
718,"Megyn Kelly Special: Trump defends tone, says bid will be ‘complete waste’ if he doesn’t win","Donald Trump, in an extensive interview with Fox News’ Megyn Kelly, responded to critics of his barbed campaign style by saying he never would have been successful in the primary race if he had acted “presidential” and held back on hitting his political rivals – while declaring that if he doesn’t win the election this fall, he’ll consider his campaign a “complete waste.”

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee was blunt in describing the stakes of the 2016 race as he sees it. Without a victory in the fall, he said, he won’t be able to lower taxes, strengthen the military or “make America great.”

“I will say this: If I don’t go all the way, and if I don’t win, I will consider it to be a total and complete waste of time, energy and money,” Trump said, in the interview that aired Tuesday night on Fox Broadcast Network affiliates.

The candidate addressed a range of topics in his sit-down with Kelly, from his tone to the lead-off presidential debates to his past clashes with the Fox News host.

Trump conceded that, in looking back, he “absolutely” has regrets, without going into detail. But he said if he hadn’t conducted himself in this way, he wouldn’t have come out on top.

“If I were soft, if I were presidential … in a way it’s a bad word, because there’s nothing wrong with being presidential, but if I had not fought back in the way I fought back, I don’t think I would have been successful,” he told Kelly.

Trump argued that he’s a “counter-puncher” who’s only responding to the attacks against him.

“I respond pretty strongly, but in just about all cases, I’ve been responding to what they did to me,” Trump said. “It’s not a one-way street.”

The interview was conducted on the heels of an April meeting between Kelly and the Republican candidate at Trump Tower in New York City.

Before that meeting, the two had been at odds for months – dating back to a Fox News-hosted debate last August, when Trump accused “The Kelly File” host of asking him unfair questions.

Today, Trump is the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, having vanquished 16 primary rivals and now turning his attention toward an expected general election battle against Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. The former secretary of state, while still trying to shake a primary challenge from Bernie Sanders, has sharpened her criticism of Trump as well in recent weeks, even saying Monday that he’s a “loose cannon” who would be dangerous for the country. And she said he’d return to “failed” economic policies.

Speaking with Kelly, Trump suggested the August debate actually helped prepare him for the battle ahead.

“In a certain way, what you did might have been a favor, because I felt so good about having gotten through -- I said, ‘If I could get through this debate, with those questions, you can get through anything,’” he said.

Trump pointed to that debate when asked at what moment he realized he might actually win the race. “I think that first debate meant something,” Trump said, adding that he felt comfortable with the subject matter and the people he was competing against.

At the same time, Trump tried to explain why he fired back at Kelly for confronting him about his past disparaging comments about women. “I thought it was unfair,” Trump said of the question, while noting it was the first question he’d ever been asked at a debate. “And I’m saying to myself, man, what a question.”

He added, “I don’t really blame you because you’re doing your thing, but from my standpoint, I don’t have to like it.”

As for his role in the presidential election in this year, Trump said: “I really view myself now as somewhat of a messenger… This is a massive thing that’s going on. These are millions and millions of people that have been disenfranchised from this country.”

Trump for the last several weeks has been working to reach out to members of the so-called Republican establishment in Washington he’s spent much of his campaign railing against. He met last week with GOP congressional leaders, including House Speaker Paul Ryan – who has held back an endorsement for now. Trump and the lawmakers came away describing the meetings as positive.

In the interview with Kelly, Trump briefly discussed his personal life, and how his older brother Fred died after a battle with alcoholism. “I have never had a glass of alcohol,” he said, calling his brother’s death the “hardest thing for me to take.”

And while defending his tone on the campaign trail, Trump also said he takes “very seriously” the responsibility of the office he’s seeking.

“I understand what's going on. And when I see the fervor, when I see 25,000 people that have seats, and not one person during an hour speech will sit down. I say, sit down, everybody, sit down.  And they don't sit down,"" he said. ""… I mean, that's a great compliment. But I do understand the power of the message. There's no question about it.”",1
3701,At least nine protesters arrested after St. Louis police shooting,"At least nine people were arrested Wednesday and St. Louis police used tear gas to clear a street of protesters after an armed man fleeing from officers was shot and killed when he pointed a gun at them.

St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said at a press conference late Wednesday night that a group of protesters who had blocked an intersection threw glass bottles and bricks at officers and refused orders to clear the roadway. Inert gas was used and when that didn't have any effect on the crowd, police turned to tear gas to clear the intersection, Dotson said. Those arrested face charges of impeding the flow of traffic and resisting arrest, he said.

In addition to the arrests, officers responded to reports of burglaries in the area and the fire department was called after a car was set ablaze, according to Dotson.

The chief blamed the crimes on people seeking ""notoriety"" in a neighborhood ""plagued by violence."" Dotson added that police would release video showing that officers gave multiple orders to clear the street and repeatedly warned that the tear gas would be used.

The latest shooting came with tensions already high in the area after violence erupted during several events earlier this month marking the anniversary of the death of Michael Brown, the 18-year-old fatally shot last year by a police officer in nearby Ferguson.

Dotson said two police officers serving a search warrant Wednesday afternoon at a home in a crime-troubled section of the city's north side encountered two suspects, one of which was 18-year-old Mansur Ball-Bey. The suspects were fleeing the home as Ball-Bey, who was black, turned and pointed a handgun at the officers, who shot him, the chief said. Ball-Bey died at the scene.

Both officers, who are white, were unharmed, according to a police report.

Dotson said four guns, including the handgun wielded by Ball-Bey, and crack cocaine were recovered at or near the home, which last year yielded illegal guns during a police search. Police are searching for the second suspect, who they said is believed to be in his mid-to-late teens.

A man and woman who were also inside the home were arrested, Dotson said.

Police obtained the search warrant because they believed the home harbored suspects in other crimes, Dotson said. He didn't specify which crimes, but noted that a killing happened on the same street Monday and a nearby market just was riddled by bullets.

That area also is near where a 93-year-old veteran who was part of the Tuskegee Airmen -- black World War II pilots -- was the victim of crimes twice within a few minutes Sunday, being robbed and then having his car stolen. The veteran was unhurt, and his car was found Tuesday blocks from where it was taken.

Roughly 150 people gathered Wednesday afternoon near the scene of the shooting, questioning the use of deadly force. Some chanted ""Black Lives Matter,"" a mantra used after Brown's death. As police removed their yellow tape that cordoned off the scene, dozens of people converged on the home's front yard, many chanting insults and gesturing obscenely at officers. Several onlookers surrounded individual officers, yelling at them.

""Another youth down by the hands of police,"" Dex Dockett, 42, who lives nearby, told a reporter. ""What could have been done different to de-escalate rather than escalate? They (police) come in with an us-against-them mentality. You've got to have the right kind of cops to engage in these types of neighborhoods.""

Another neighborhood resident, Fred Price, said he was skeptical about Dotson's account that the suspect pointed a gun at officers before being mortally wounded.

""They provoked the situation,"" Price, 33, said. ""Situations like this make us want to keep the police out of the neighborhood. They're shooting first, then asking questions.""

Some of those who protested Ball-Bey's death had already spent the morning in downtown St. Louis, marching to mark the anniversary of the fatal police shooting of Kajieme Powell. He was fatally shot by two St. Louis officers after police said he approached them with a knife. Circuit Attorney Jennifer Joyce is still reviewing the case to determine whether lethal force was justified.

Protests have become a familiar scene across the St. Louis region since Brown, who was black and unarmed, was fatally shot by Ferguson officer Darren Wilson on Aug. 9, 2014. A St. Louis County grand jury and the U.S. Justice Department declined to charge Wilson, who resigned in November.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3680,Workplace Violence or Terrorism? CA Massacre Probe Unfolds,"A day after a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California, authorities are trying to figure out why a couple would embark on a deadly killing spree.

Was it workplace violence or Islamic-inspired terrorism or both that left 14 people dead and more than a dozen injured?

Late Wednesday night, police announced that 28-year-old Syed Rizwan Farook and 27-year-old Tashfeen Malik were the two lone assailants in the mass shooting.

The husband and wife team were clearly ready for a battle with police. An ATF spokesman said the couple was wearing military tactical-style clothing loaded with ammunition for a gunfight.

So far, the FBI has not ruled out terrorism as a motive in these tragic shootings. CBN News Terrorism Analyst Erick Stakelbeck shares his perspective. Click play to watch.

""We are pretty comfortable that the two shooters that we believe went into the building are the two shooters that are deceased up on San Bernardino Avenue,"" San Bernardino Police Chief Jarrod Burguan said.

Farook, an American citizen, had been a San Bernardino County employee for five years. His father told the Daily News that ""he was very religious.""

""He would go to work, come back, go to pray, come back. He's a Muslim,"" Farook's father said.

On Wednesday morning, Farook and his wife reportedly dropped off their 6-month-old daughter with grandparents. Farook then went to a Christmas party for employees of the Public Health Department at the Inland Regional Center.

""He did leave the party early under some circumstances that were described as angry or something of that nature,"" Burguan said.

Around 11 a.m. local time, Farook returned to the celebrations with his wife Malik dressed in matching assault-style military fatigues and body armor and started shooting.

""Based upon what we have seen, and based upon how they were equipped, there had to be some degree of planning that went into this,"" Burguan speculated.

""So I don't think they just ran home, put on these types of tactical clothes, grabbed guns and came back on a spur-of-the-moment thing,"" he said.

Police Chief Burguan said the attack lasted ""only minutes."" But in that short period of time, the couple managed to kill 14 people and injured 17 others.

Fox News says authorities found multiple pipe bombs and other explosive devices at various locations, including three devices at the scene of the attack.

The couple was later killed by police in a shoot-out several hours after the incident.

According to The Los Angeles Times, Farook reportedly took a trip to Saudi Arabia and returned with his new wife that he apparently met online.

Speaking to reporters late Wednesday night, Farook's brother-in-law Farhan Khan expressed his grief over the tragedy.

""I just cannot express how sad I am for what happened today. I mean, my condolences to the people that lost their lives,"" he said.

Wednesday's attack was the deadliest mass shooting since Sandy Hook. President Barack Obama and some Democratic leaders immediately called for stricter gun controls.

Meanwhile, the New York Daily News ran with the controversial title ""God Isn't Fixing This"" on their front page.

The story criticized Republican presidential candidates for ""preaching about prayer"" while being silent about gun control. The paper's front page quickly became a hot item on Twitter. California already has strict gun control laws.

Meanwhile, the search for a motive continues.",1
1070,"I’m with Hillary in November: Listen up, fellow Bernie supporters — you must get behind Clinton to stop Donald Trump","I’ll be honest: I don’t like Hillary Clinton. Personally, there’s plenty to admire about the former secretary of state: She’s incredibly bright, broadly experienced, and undeniably competent. Politically, though, she represents a broken system, a system of capitulation and obfuscation. There’s no point in denying that.

I don’t consider myself a Democrat, though I vote for Democats almost without exception. Gore Vidal once said that “There is only one party in the United States, the Property Party – and it has two right wings: Republican and Democrat.” I tend to agree with that, now more than ever. And I suspect most people of the left do as well.

I’ve felt the Bern for months, and I’ve felt it publicly. If you’ve read any of my pieces on Sanders and Clinton, you know exactly where I stand. Bernie is the most authentic politician I’ve encountered – at any level of government. I had no illusions about his prospects of winning this race; it was always a long shot. Nor was I confused about Sanders’ ability to change government if he was miraculously elected. Everything about our system is resistant to change.

A Sanders administration would doubtless have been a disappointment for progressives, given the systemic constraints. But a Sanders presidency would have been an enormous achievement, a signal of sorts. His campaign, win or lose, is itself a muted miracle, and a reason for optimism. We now know a genuinely progressive movement is possible in this country.

But here’s the truth: Hillary Clinton is going to be the nominee. Primary voters should still express their will and vote for Bernie so long as they can, and Sanders should campaign until the convention, but this race is effectively over. The math is clear. Yes, Sanders is in a comparable position to Obama during the 2008 race, but this isn’t 2008, and he doesn’t have nearly the institutional support that Obama had. Progressives don’t want to hear that, and I get it – I really do. But it’s true nevertheless. To win, Sanders would need to secure roughly 72 percent of the remaining delegates, with paltry support among crucial demographics, demographics that catapulted Obama past Clinton in 2008. It’s not going to happen. And even when Sanders has won primaries or caucuses, he hasn’t won by large enough margins to alter the delegate math.

That leaves us with a regrettable – but near-certain – choice in November: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump.

If that’s how it unfolds, I’m voting for Hillary Clinton. This really isn’t a choice at all. Trump is a leering huckster, a first-rate con artist peddling hate to dunces. A Trump presidency would be a victory for every noxious and regressive force in our body politic. We also have no idea who he is or what he would do in office – that’s positively terrifying.

Despite the hand-wringing among progressives, President Obama moved the country forward. His triumphs were slow-going and piecemeal, but that’s his way – and it worked. The unemployment rate is 4.9 percent; 13.7 million new jobs have been added over the last 69 months; more Americans have health insurance coverage than ever; same-sex marriage has been legalized; the American auto industry was rescued from oblivion; two liberal seats on the Supreme Court were protected; U.S.-Cuba relations have opened up; we have a peaceful nuclear deal with Iran; we’re gradually shifting away from our reliance on fossil fuels; and the country has enjoyed eight years of a dignified, scandal-free administration.

Hillary Clinton, if nothing else, will preserve this progress. She isn’t leading a “revolution” and she’s not going to usurp Wall Street’s power – everyone understands that. But neither will Trump. Worse still, there’s no reason to suppose Trump can do the job. He has no experience, no platform, no ideas, and no respect for the office. He can’t be trusted on anything of import to progressives. When you consider what’s at stake, no one on the left should prefer Trump to Clinton – this a point that Sanders himself concedes, and it’s why he’ll surely endorse Clinton if she is in fact the nominee.

A recent Wall Street Journal/NBC news poll found that a third of Sanders’ supporters said they wouldn’t vote for Clinton if she becomes the Democratic nominee. I don’t believe that will hold, but consider for a second what might happen if it does. To begin with, it would likely hand the White House to Donald Trump. Even if you reject Clinton’s positions on foreign policy and a host of domestic issues, as I do, she is still preferable to Trump. And if you’re a progressive, the fact remains: Clinton reflects your values far more than Trump. If you care about the Supreme Court, which is a conservative judge or two away from denying women autonomy over their own bodies, the choice is obvious. If you care about raising the minimum wage or reforming the criminal justice system or addressing climate change or protecting voting rights, the choice is equally obvious. Our democracy, such as it is, can sustain a competent Clinton administration. Nothing much will change, but it won’t descend into chaos either. Progressives will have to wait for an Elizabeth Warren or some other candidate to emerge. In the meantime, though, we’re staring a potential Trump administration in the face. No one knows what the hell Trump is. He’s practically an abstraction. What we know is that he’s uncorked all the racial and cultural bile this country has to offer, and he’s threatening to dump it at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. He must be stopped. Sanders has proven that Democratic voters – and the country more generally – will respond to a FDR-style populist, someone unafraid to say what we all know about our corporate oligarchy. Clinton isn’t that candidate, but she will hold the line far better than Donald Trump or Ted Cruz. Sanders gave birth to a progressive revolt in this country, and he moved the Democratic Party to the left. It falls to his supporters to continue that movement beyond this campaign, to keep the pressure on Clinton and other elected officials. In November, however, there will be two names on that ballot, and one is infinitely better than the other. That’s the reality, unpleasant though it is. All the grumbling about voting against a candidate rather than for one, or about the dolefulness of choosing the lesser of two evils, is perfectly understandable – but it doesn’t change a thing. Politics is often about what’s possible, not what’s ideal, and this November is no different. Trump is a combustible menace; don’t think for one second that he can’t win a general election. He absolutely can win, and Sanders supporters staying home in protest will make it all the more likely. If that happens, our country becomes an international punch-line, the progressive movement dies in its infancy, and much of what Obama has accomplished will be put in jeopardy. And if none of that persuades you, recall what happened in 2000. Make no mistake: Ralph Nader cost Al Gore the presidency that year. Al Gore was a deeply flawed candidate, but imagine how different the world might look had he won that year. If the “Bernie or bust” crowd has its way in November, what might we say about Clinton 10 years from now? And how much damage – real and symbolic – will Donald Trump or Ted Cruz have done? Think about that before you surrender to your purism.",1
2935,U.S. provides options for drawdown of forces in Afghanistan amid ISIS fears,"Washington (CNN) The top United States commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan told Congress he has provided his chain of command with options for the drawdown of troops this year that would give both U.S. and Afghan leaders flexibility as the security situation evolves on the ground.

While the United States has close to 10,000 U.S. troops currently in Afghanistan following the end of combat operations at the beginning of the year, the Obama administration has already announced plans to draw that number down to 5,500 by the end of this year.

Gen. John Campbell told the Senate Armed Services Committee on Thursday his recommendations deal with both the ""glide slope"" and ""locations"" for where to make withdrawals as the summer fighting season in Afghanistan gets underway.

""I have provided options on adjusting our force posture through my chain of command,"" Campbell said, adding that he ""absolutely"" favored the options without elaborating on their specificity.

""I think I provide some options both for [Afghan President Ashraf] Ghani and for my senior leadership here to take a look at what would allow us the flexibility to continue to get after the [Train, Advise and Assist] mission and the [Counterterrorism] mission"" in Afghanistan, he said.

There are currently 9,800 U.S. troops in Afghanistan, and an additional 3,000 from other NATO partner nations.

Campbell told the committee he was ""concerned"" about the coming summer season, when fighting with the Taliban typically reaches its highest levels, because it will be the first fighting season for Afghan forces on their own without the assistance of coalition assistance.

""We're doing everything right now in the winter campaign to get them ready to do that,"" he said, in reference to the ongoing training and advising mission.

Many Republican leaders on Capitol Hill have voiced their concern over both the pace, and specific time frame, laid out by the Obama administration for the additional drawdown of U.S. troops. Some are drawing parallels to the quick removal of U.S. forces in Iraq at the end of 2011, and the deteriorating condition that followed.

""A lack of presence creates a vacuum, and we've seen what fills that vacuum in Syria and Iraq,"" Sen. John McCain, chairman of the committee, said in his remarks. ""The ungoverned spaces will allow terrorists to foment the same disaster in Afghanistan as we have seen in Iraq -- growing instability, terrorist safe havens and direct threats to the United States.""

And as the drawdown of the U.S. presence envisions an eventual consolidation of the U.S. footprint to Kabul, and the American embassy there, McCain says Afghan officials have also voiced concern over the strategy.

""A group of us met with President Ghani over the weekend, and he was very strong and adamant that this current plan will put the nation in danger. And I hope that our leadership will pay attention to him,"" McCain said.

Beyond Kabul and Bagram, where the American presence in Afghanistan is largest, the U.S. still maintains tactical advise and assist teams in Mazar-i-Sharif, Herat, Kandahar, Jalalabad and Gamberi. When the U.S. draws down to the final numbers in the current plan, the presence will be restricted mostly to Kabul.

""The Taliban don't have the D-30 howitzers, they don't have the unarmored Humvees, they don't have the MI-17s, they don't have the intel fusion,"" Campbell said, voicing confidence that with continued training and good leadership, the Afghan security forces would be able to keep the country stable.

Senators also expressed concern about ISIS gaining ground in Afghanistan, especially following a U.S. drone strike earlier this week that killed a senior Taliban commander who has also expressed fealty to ISIS.

""You do have some of the Taliban breaking off and claiming allegiance toward ISIS,"" Campbell said, attributing it partly to a feeling of disenfranchisement on the parts of some Taliban members who may be looking to use ISIS tactics as a way to exploit media attention.

""It is a concern to President Ghani, therefore, a concern to me,"" he said. ""But we continue to work that with our Afghan partners and to make sure that we understand where this is going inside of Afghanistan and Pakistan.""

Campbell called the ISIS presence in Afghanistan ""nascent"" but said their presence represents ""more of a rebranding of a few marginalized Taliban, but we're still taking this potential threat, with its dangerous rhetoric and ideology, very, very seriously.""",1
3048,The NRA-ification of the Republican Party,"The National Rifle Association, the all-powerful guardian of Americans' gun rights and driving force of America's pro-gun policies, is arguably more influential than ever.

It has largely dominated and pretty much won the modern-day gun-control war. It has wielded its dollars and political influence over lawmakers in both parties to ensure Congress doesn't pass even a limited (and polls show, popular) expansion of gun-control laws such as universal background checks. And it has withstood the charge even as the country deals with an average mass shooting a day in 2015.

It's now safe to say the NRA is one of the most powerful lobbying organizations of all time. And according to the latest Pew Research poll, Republicans are overwhelming in favor of that.

The survey taken July 14-20 on gun rights found that just 13 percent of Republicans think the NRA has too much influence.

And that's actually down -- significantly -- from 2000, when 32 percent of Republicans (one in three!) thought the NRA had too much sway.

As you can see from the chart above, Democrats disagree with Republicans on the NRA wholeheartedly. And they are moving in the other direction.

That partisan split could provide a hint as to why Republicans are so united today behind the NRA. Some of America's biggest social-issue shifts have been driven by motives other than ideology; young people regardless of party have buoyed America's increasing tolerance of same-sex marriage and marijuana legalization, for example.

Gun rights, by contrast, have magnetized Americans toward the political poles. So Republicans might be naturally lining up with the more conservative factions in their party on everything from gun rights to immigration.

[The sad reality of how we feel about mass shootings, in 3 charts]

But Republicans also have a fairly complex relationship with gun laws. And in fact, the shift described above might undersell it.

Witness their changes over time on the idea of protecting gun ownership versus controlling it. Republicans' lines are much squigglier than Democrats. But the trend among Republicans since 2008 is clear as day: gun rights over gun control. What was an even split seven years ago is now a 3-to-1 edge in favor of gun rights.

What's more, Republicans are arguably at odds with the NRA on several basic issues, such as whether to expand background checks (according to Pew, 79 percent of Republicans say yes; the NRA says no) and to expand laws keeping guns out of the hands of the mentally ill (79 percent of Republicans say yes; the NRA says we should focus on treating mental health issues instead).

For a deeper explanation of Republicans' position on the NRA, we should go back to when the organization was last under attack: the Clinton years. Gun laws were a major issue for Bill Clinton, and at the time, Pew writes, his campaign to limit the NRA's influence had broad support.

Clinton spent a lot of political capital to actually pass legislation limiting gun rights -- something no president has done since. In 1993, Congress passed the Brady Bill requiring federal background checks for purchases from federally licensed gun dealers. One year later, Clinton signed into law a crime bill that included a ban on assault weapons.

Gun-control supporters paid a significant political price for his success. The NRA mobilized its members -- who studies have shown to be more politically active than gun-control-supporting proponents -- and in 1994 ousted many Congress members who voted for the two bills.

It seems Republicans have been coalescing in greater numbers around the NRA ever since -- though particularly in the Obama years -- partly driven by our country's increased political polarization.

As this latest survey on gun rights shows, in the gun debate, the NRA is still king.",1
2697,"University of Missouri, please immediately fire employees who taunted media","To watch the video of photographer Tim Tai getting pushed around by a turf-protecting scrum of protesters at the University of Missouri is to experience constitutional angst.

“You don’t have a right to take our photos,” said one protester at the university’s Mel Carnahan Quadrangle following the news that University system President Tim Wolfe and chancellor R. Bowen Loftin would resign amid an uproar about racial issues on campus.

“I do have the right to take photos,” replied Tai, a 20-year-old senior at the university who was shooting the proceedings on Monday on assignment for ESPN.com. A former staff photographer for the Columbia Missourian, Tai was forced by circumstances to double-task as he attempted to take photographs and provide civics lessons.

Following the announcement of the resignations, Tai chronicled a celebration including the protest group Concerned Student 1950. After 10 minutes or so of jubilation, said Tai in an interview with the Erik Wemple Blog, protesters decided that it was time to push the media away from an encampment of tents on the quad’s lawn. ” ‘Media, get off the grass,’ ” said the organizers, as Tai recalls.

Yet he wasn’t backing up. He wanted some good shots of the tents, and that’s where the trouble started.

“You’re an unethical reporter; you do not respect our space.”

Those were just a few of the taunts that Tai received as he attempted to do his work. His references to a certain founding document persuaded precisely none of his opponents. “Ma’am, the First Amendment protects your right to be here and mine,” he said. At one point, Tai tangled with a protester about the absence of any law proscribing his presence on this disputed grass. “Forget a law — how about humanity?” protested the protester.

So much for the ideal of the American collegiate quad as a locus of tolerance and free expression. Time to usher in a new ethic of intimidation, a twist that carries some irony at the Columbia, Mo., campus. Back in February 1987, 58 protesters seeking the university’s divestiture from companies that do business in South Africa were arrested for trespassing on the quad. They were dropped in all cases but one, who secured an acquittal on the grounds that the quad was a highly public space.

“The people who were trying to impede the photographer, in effect, were trying to impede his rights to be there,” says Sandy Davidson, a curators’ teaching professor at the University of Missouri school of journalism. Nor was Tai intent on peering into the tents with his lenses. “I was not trying to get into the tents,” says Tai. “I wanted a picture of the tents, placing it in the quad … because that’s part of the story.” Regarding the restraint that the protesters were demanding, Tai felt this wasn’t the time. “I think … there are times when it’s best for photographers to put their camera down,” he says. However: “In this situation, this was national news, breaking news … at a public university and the students involved have become public figures.”

Upon checking his photos, Tai realized that the obstruction worked. “They didn’t turn out well because all the hands were in the way, and you know …,” he says. Were he to be given a redo, he’d likely just move to another spot. “At the moment, I felt I had to stand up for being there,” he says.

Tom Warhover, executive editor of the Columbia Missourian, said the Tai video aligns with recent events. “The protesters all week have asked people kind of to stay out of the tent area proper, if you will, and so we’ve had many confrontations because it is a public space and … other students have a right to be there,” says Warhover, who approves of how Tai carried himself: “I’m pretty proud of Tim’s actions, both standing up for himself and his job but doing it in a way that didn’t provoke.” Through his travels, Tai has learned that on one hand, the protesters “want to protect idea of privacy and protect a safe space where not they’re not overwhelmed with the attention. On the other hand, they want to control the narrative themselves because they feel the media has not treated minority or black stories accurately.”

There’s no excuse for protesters to push a photographer in a public square; there’s no excuse for protesters to appeal for respect while failing to respect; there’s no excuse for protesters to dis the same rights that allow them to do their thing.

And there’s even less excuse for faculty and staff members at the University of Missouri to engage in some of this very same behavior. In his chat with this blog, Tai cited the involvement of Richard J. “Chip” Callahan, professor and chair of religious studies at the university. In the opening moments of the video, Callahan faces off with Tai over whether the photographer can push to get any closer to the tents. “I’m not gonna push them,” says Tai.

Moments later, the protesters resolve to throw up their hands (literally) to show Tai who owns this public roost. Callahan participates in this collective action. As Tai swivels his camera from place to place, Callahan shuffles to block the sight paths. Behold these screenshots:

Callahan, after moving a bit to the left and holding up his hands.

Callahan again, after moving to the right with hands aloft. The religious studies prof paired agility drills with his censorship.

A source with access to Callahan’s tweets (they’re “protected“) passes along these screenshots to yield some insight on his views regarding the media and the protests at the university:

Callahan didn’t respond to e-mails and phone calls. The university’s media office said it has no comment at this point on the staffers. Not only did Tai identify Callahan as the person at the start of the video, but so did Peter Legrand, a graduate who took courses from Callahan.

At the 2:00 minute mark in the above video, Janna Basler, the university’s assistant director of Greek life and leadership, adds her own thuggish sensibilities to the mix: “Sir, I am sorry, these are people too. You need to back off. Back off, go!” In her showdown with Tai, Basler lays bare how little she knows about photography. As they tussle about a woman with whom Tai had just finished arguing, Basler says, “She gets to decide whether she’s going to talk to you or not.”

Tai responds like someone who’s interested in securing images, not quotes: “I don’t want her to talk to me,” he says as Basler gets in his face. When Tai asks her whether she’s with the office of Greek life, Basler responds, “No, my name is Concerned Student of 1950.”

And the video ends with assistant professor of communication Melissa Click essentially threatening a journalist: “Who wants to help me get this reporter out of here? I need some muscle over here.”

These three university employees had a chance to stick up for free expression on Monday. Instead, they stood up for coercion and darkness. They should lose their jobs as a result.

UPDATE: The university’s journalism school dean has released a statement reading, in part, as follows:",1
4748,Trump &amp; Clinton Were Very Convincing...on How Lousy the Other One Is,"Let's pretend for a moment that the biggest headlines out of Sunday night's presidential debate had nothing to do with sexual assault allegations, or non-handshakes, or threats to jail political opponents—but instead were about policy. In that bizarre alternative universe, what could we actually learn?

That the two exhausted political parties have nothing much left to offer except critiques about how lousy the other one is.

Hosted by Matt Welch; camera and editing by Jim Epstein.

Like us on Facebook.

Subscribe to our podcast at iTunes.",1
597,Democrats see map and math working to their advantage in 2016 Senate races,"The Senate map is the Democrats’ friend in the 2016 cycle. They are defending only 10 seats, while Republicans have two dozen to hold. But wait, it gets better. Seven of those 24 Republican seats are in states that President Obama won not once but twice: Florida, Illinois, Iowa, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.

To win the majority, Democrats need to win five of those seven seats in November 2016. (If Hillary Clinton, or another Democrat, wins the White House in 2016, then Senate Democrats need to win only four of those seven.) That’s the exact path Republicans took to the Senate majority in 2014 when, needing a six-seat gain, they won all six of the Democratic-held seats — Alaska, Arkansas, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota and West Virginia — that Mitt Romney carried in 2012. (Republicans also won two states — Iowa and Colorado — that Obama carried twice, and one — North Carolina — that Obama won in 2008 and Romney won in 2012.)

Of course, 2014 was a historically good year for Senate Republicans. The last time the party won more than nine seats in a midterm election was 1994, when it scored 10. Prior to 1994, you have to go back to 1946, when Republicans netted 12 seats.

And while the map looks great for Democrats on paper, several of those seven races look less rosy in reality. Iowa is a tough Democratic pickup unless Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R) decides to retire, which he insists he isn’t going to do. Ohio Sen. Rob Portman (R) is a gifted politician and fundraiser, while the Democratic bench in the state is decidedly thin. The Democratic fields in New Hampshire, Florida and Illinois are still quite muddled. And neither Sens. Patrick J. Toomey (R-Pa.) nor Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) are political dead men walking.

There are also two genuinely vulnerable Democrats — Sens. Harry M. Reid (Nev.) and Michael F. Bennet (Colo.) — on the ballot in 2016.

Still, as the 2014 election revealed, the map and the math are huge factors in the battle for the Senate. Both are on Democrats’ side this time around.

Below are the 10 most competitive Senate contests on the ballot in 2016. The No. 1­-ranked race is the most likely to switch parties in 2016.

10. Kentucky (Republican-controlled). Sen. Rand Paul (R) is staffing, as expected, for a presidential run next year. Paul still has to figure out how he’s going to run for president and hold his Senate seat if that former race doesn’t work out. His opponent in that effort could be none other than 2014 Senate nominee Alison Lundergan Grimes, given her role as Kentucky’s chief elections officer.

9. Ohio (R). This may be the swing state at the presidential level. But Portman isn’t seen as particularly vulnerable in 2016. A lot of that is because he banked $5.8 million by the end of 2014. Another big reason is that Democrats have a slim bench in Ohio. Among the names mentioned are Cincinnati Councilman P.G. Sittenfeld, former governor Ted Strickland, former congresswoman Betty Sutton and Rep. Tim Ryan.

8. Florida (R). Whither Marco Rubio? The Florida senator could be the odd man out in the presidential race, with fellow Floridian Jeb Bush and other establishment-friendly candidates such as Mitt Romney and Chris Christie in the mix. Consider this: Rubio is just 43 years old, and he’s got his 2016 reelection campaign to worry about. Perhaps it’s better to focus on staying in the Senate and waiting for the next opportunity.

7. New Hampshire (R). The question here is what Gov. Maggie Hassan (D) does. Democrats think there’s a decent chance she will run against Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R), but a New England College poll showed Ayotte leading that matchup by five points.

6. Colorado (Democratic-controlled). No one thought Bennet would even be in the Senate in 2016. After being appointed as an unknown in 2009, he ran a perfect campaign in 2010 and benefited from the fact that his Republican opponent was, well, not very good. Given Colorado’s swinginess, Bennet will be a major Republican target again. But whom will Republicans put forward? Rep. Mike Coffman and newly elected state Attorney General Cynthia Coffman are mentioned — they’re married — as is Rep. Scott R. Tipton.

5. North Carolina (R). Sen. Richard Burr (R) isn’t doing much to inspire confidence in Republicans about his future plans. His fundraising is weak — $720,000 on hand as of the end of September — and rumors continue to swirl about him not running again in 2016. (Burr has said he plans to run.) If Democrats can persuade former senator Kay Hagan (D) to run, this race moves up on our rankings. But even if they don’t, it’s hard to see this not being a very competitive race in a presidential year.

4. Pennsylvania (R). Attorney General Kathleen Kane (D) was once the Democrats’ dream opponent for Toomey. She now faces potential criminal charges for allegedly violating the secrecy of a grand jury. The Democratic establishment does not want 2010 nominee and former congressman Joe Sestak as its nominee, but Sestak is pretty gung-ho about running again.

3. Illinois (R). State Attorney General Lisa Madigan is the Democrats’ first choice to take on Sen. Mark Kirk (R). But she has passed up so many winnable races for higher office that it’s hard to see why she would run this time. If not Madigan, then Democrats will turn to Rep. Tammy Duckworth or Rep. Bill Foster. Kirk is an excellent fundraiser and knows the seriousness of the challenge he faces. Much depends on the top of the ticket; if the Democratic presidential nominee wins Illinois by 15 points (Obama carried it by 17 points), then it’s hard to see a path to victory for Kirk.

2. Nevada (D). Reid got knocked down — hard — while working out at his home in Nevada. He got so banged up that he missed the first days of Congress and might not regain vision in his right eye. He said it won’t affect his reelection decision. The bigger question is what Gov. Brian Sandoval (R) does. Does he wait for Reid to decide whether to seek reelection? Force his hand? This is a big question in a race Republicans would love to win to stem possible losses elsewhere. Meanwhile, former lieutenant governor Brian Krolicki, who blames Reid for a 2008 indictment that Krolicki later beat, is considering running.

1. Wisconsin (R). Johnson seems unaware that he won a Democratic-leaning (at the federal level) state in 2010. He had the ninth most conservative record in the Senate, according to National Journal’s 2013 vote ratings. Democrats are banking on former senator Russell Feingold, who lost to Johnson in 2010, running for his old seat. If Feingold does run, he’ll have to put forth a much better campaign than he did five years ago. If he doesn’t, expect Rep. Ron Kind, who has been itching to run statewide for as long as we can remember, to leap into the race.",1
828,Hillary Clinton doesn't need to choose between a reassuring campaign and progressive policies,"There's a creeping anxiety in the halls of some American progressive groups — especially those aligned with labor unions and economic populism — that Donald Trump might be almost too weak a nominee, from their point of view. The worry is that he's so vulnerable that he'll tempt Hillary Clinton to run a campaign that is as anodyne as possible on policy, focused almost exclusively on Trump's personality and lack of qualifications, aiming for a landslide win that would carry no mandate.

David Frum, writing in the Atlantic from the point of view of a center-right Republican dissident, offers the opposite worry. He says Clinton faces a ""danger that neither Johnson nor Nixon had to face"" in 1964 or 1972 — the danger of a divided party that will tempt her to hew to the left to keep Bernie Sanders's supporters on board.

He cites LBJ's 1964 convention speech as an example of the kind of rhetoric Clinton should — but probably can't — offer:

Tonight we offer ourselves—on our record and by our platform—as a party for all Americans, an all-American party for all Americans. This prosperous people, this land of reasonable men, has no place for petty partisanship or peevish prejudice. The needs of all can never be met by parties of the few. The needs of all cannot be met by a business party or a labor party, not by a war party or a peace party, not by a southern party or a northern party. Our deeds will meet our needs only if we are served by a party which serves all our people.

The reality is that the 1964 election ought to carry the lesson that this is fundamentally a false choice. Johnson tried as hard as possible to run an anodyne campaign focused on the idea that Barry Goldwater was an unacceptable outlier whom even lifelong Republicans should reject.

This ""Confessions of a Republican"" ad that the Democrats ran is a great example of what it looked like.

But now ask yourself: What happened in 1965? Well, not only did Johnson win in a landslide but Democrats found themselves possessing historic majorities in the House and Senate. And they proceeded to enact a burst of progressive legislation in 1965-'66 that stands alongside 1933-'34 and 1861-'62 as the biggest legislative leaps forward in American history.

It's no coincidence that these three Congresses produced the biggest spurts of legislation. At the beginning of Abraham Lincoln's term in office, Southern representatives and senators (overwhelmingly Democrats) had literally walked out in order to support a violent rebellion for the purpose of entrenching slavery.

That left Republicans with giant majorities, and they used them to enact major legislation.

The Depression bequeathed FDR enormous majorities in 1933-'34, and, again, he used them. In 1964, enormous majorities were built on the combination of an economic boom, the emotions around John F. Kennedy's assassination, and Goldwater's extremism. And Johnson used them.

Another big burst of legislating happened in 2009-'10, where, again, Democrats had big majorities. Those early Obama years weren't quite as productive as the sheer numbers might have forecast because Mitch McConnell's determined use of the filibuster both reduced Democrats' effective margin in the Senate and generally slowed the pace of legislating. But a lot still got done.

This is the basic reality of the 2016 election — the amount of progressive stuff Clinton gets done is going to be driven more by the shape of Congress than by the content of her platform.

Clinton doesn't have a realistic chance of securing large Democratic majorities. The House districts are sufficiently tilted that even securing a narrow one would be a very steep uphill fight, and any Democratic majority would depend heavily on relatively moderate members holding Republican-leaning districts. But it's still the case that even a small Democratic majority reliant on moderate legislators would pass more progressive legislation — hiking the minimum wage, raising taxes, expanding Medicaid funding, etc. — than a Republican one.

Whether or not Democrats are able to secure that kind of majority is going to be a bigger driver of policy outcomes than whatever liberal causes Clinton pays lip service to.

And given the way House districts have been drawn, Democrats' hopes of securing such a majority depends on either swinging Republicans over to their side or else demoralizing Republicans and getting them to stay home altogether. Either way, it suggests that the basic LBJ pattern remains as valid in 2016 as it was in 1964: The choice between reassuring the center and laying the groundwork for policy on issues is a false one.",1
2951,"Airstrikes Move To Syria, Target More Than Just ISIS","Airstrikes Move To Syria, Target More Than Just ISIS

In a major escalation of the air campaign against Islamic extremist groups, the U.S. and its Arab allies jointly hit targets inside Syria for the first time.

The New York Times says, ""The intensity of the attacks struck a fierce opening blow against the jihadists of the Islamic State, scattering its forces and damaging the network of facilities it has built in Syria that helped fuel its seizure of a large part of Iraq this year.""

Besides the U.S., the Pentagon says that Bahrain, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and the United Arab Emirates ""participated in or supported"" operations against targets associated with the self-declared Islamic State.

U.S. State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki confirmed that ""we informed the Syrian regime directly of our intent to take action through our Ambassador to the United Nations (Ambassador [Samantha] Power) to the Syrian Permanent Representative to the United Nations.

At a morning Pentagon briefing, Lt. Gen. William Mayville, the Joint Chiefs director of operations, said there were three waves of attacks, and that coalition partners provided combat air patrols and conducted airstrikes as part of the final two waves.

""We warned Syria not to engage U.S. aircraft. We did not request the regime's permission. We did not coordinate our actions with the Syrian government. We did not provide advance notification to the Syrians at a military level, or give any indication of our timing on specific targets. Secretary [of State John] Kerry did not send a letter to the Syrian regime,"" Psaki said.

— The Islamic State in its Syrian headquarters of Raqqa.

— The al-Qaida-affiliated Nusra Front, or Jabhat al-Nusra, in northwest Syria.

— A shadowy group known as Khorasan that the U.S. says is planning an imminent attack against the United States and Western interests.

NPR's Deborah Amos tells Morning Edition that militants with the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, were a major focus of the attacks. The Pentagon said the strikes ""employed 47 [Tomahawk cruise missiles] launched from USS Arleigh Burke and USS Philippine Sea operating from international waters in the Red Sea and North Arabian Gulf, as well as U.S. Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps fighter, remotely piloted and bomber aircraft deployed to the U.S. Central Command area of operations.""

According to Deborah: ""What is striking about this air campaign is that it was expanded to include the Nusra Front.

NPR's Tom Bowman says not much is known about the Khorasan group: ""The Pentagon says they took this action to disrupt an imminent attack plotting against the United States by this group that's made up of seasoned al-Qaida veterans. There were eight strikes around Aleppo targeting this group. [The Pentagon says] it had training camps, explosives and munitions productions facility, communications building and also command and control facilities.""

Gen. Mayville said that ""we've been watching"" Khorasan and that the group ""clearly is not focused"" on fighting the Syrian regime of President Bashar Assad but instead had been ""putting down roots"" to work toward attacks on the U.S.

Mayville said in the first strike, which began about midnight Syrian time and involved mainly Tomahawk cruise missiles, the U.S. unilaterally hit Khorasan command and control in the country's northeast. The second wave employed F-22 Raptors in their first combat roles, as well as F-15s, F-16s and B-1 bombers, he said. The third and final wave against Islamic State militants in the east employed F-18 Hornets from the USS George H.W. Bush as well as ground-based F-16s, he said.

Mayville said the majority of support from Arab allies came in the third wave.

He showed journalists ""before and after"" bomb-damage assessment photos and video of various structures that had been hit.

An unnamed U.S. official tells The New York Times that the Khorasan group is led by ""Muhsin al-Fadhli, a senior Qaeda operative who, according to the State Department, was so close to [Osama] Bin Laden that he was among a small group of people who knew about the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks before they were launched."" The Times says:

The Wall Street Journal reports: ""So far, more than a dozen airstrikes have hit Islamic State military targets and administrative buildings in Aleppo and Raqqa provinces in the north as well as al Qaeda's official arm in the country, al Nusra Front in the northwestern city of Idlib, the opposition said.""

What Are The Consequences?

Reuters quotes a resident in Raqqa as saying there is an ""exodus"" from the city in the wake of the bombardment. ""It started in the early hours of the day after the strikes. People are fleeing toward the countryside,"" the resident tells Reuters.

The participation of the partners ""gives the operation some legitimacy — more legitimacy in the region because Arab governments took part. There [are] political optics about this operation put together in Washington,"" NPR's Deborah Amos says, adding that the agreement to participate ""changes the stakes"" for the Arab partners.

The BBC's security correspondent Frank Gardner speculates that the Islamic State ""will be enraged by this — it has no effective military answers to US air power — so those Arab countries that supported or took part in the action may well now be bracing themselves for possible reprisals.""

The Associated Press quotes Rami Abdurrahman, head of the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, as saying, ""There is confirmed information that there are casualties among Islamic State group members.""

Speaking on MSNBC, Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby says the U.S. ""is still assessing the effectiveness of these strikes.""

Later, Gen. Mayville said: ""Last night's strikes are the beginning of a credible and sustained campaign to destroy"" the Islamic State.",1
416,Top US lawmakers strike deal to fast-track trade deals,"Top congressional Republicans and Democrats say they've reached a deal to allow President Obama to negotiate trade deals subject to an up-or-down vote from Congress.

The ""fast-track"" legislation comes as Obama seeks a sweeping trade deal with 11 Pacific nations. It would renew presidential authority to present trade deals that Congress can endorse or reject, but not amend.

The Trans-Pacific Partnership proposes a trade agreement involving the United States, Japan, Vietnam, Canada, Mexico and seven other Pacific-rim nations.

Labor unions and others say the Pacific pact would hurt U.S. job growth and encourage other countries to abuse workers and the environment. The Obama administration rejects those claims, and says U.S. goods and services must have greater access to foreign buyers.

",1
2424,Future Obamacare Costs Keep Falling,"Nearly five years after President Barack Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law, federal budget scorekeepers have sharply revised down the projected costs of the signature bill. In the latest projection, published by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office on Monday, the major provisions of the law will cost the government 11% less than they forecast six weeks ago, or $142 billion over the coming decade.",1
931,"Yes, Bernie Sanders is not a Democrat — and Hillary represents the very worst of the party","Clinton’s campaign did just that this week, condemning Sanders for “trying to convince the next generation of progressives that the Democratic Party is corrupt.”

The notion that Sanders had to try to convince progressives of this in the first place is ludicrous. The warmongering, corporate-funded, pro-privatization Democratic Party leadership has long made it loud and clear that it is thoroughly corrupt and reactionary.

Yet Clinton and her supporters happen to be correct about one thing; they are just right for the wrong reasons.

Bernie Sanders is not a Democrat. And this is a good thing.

What the Clinton camp appears to be incapable of understanding is that the Democratic Party is less and less popular among progressive Americans.

Since the rise of the Clintonian “New Democrat” almost three decades ago, the party has moved so far to the right it has little in common with the base it purports to represent.

President Obama campaigned on the promise of change, but, in many ways, his presidency — particularly in the first term — was George W. Bush lite.

The Obama administration barely even slapped the banks and financial elites responsible for the Great Recession on the wrist. Not a single Wall Street executive went to jail while, today, the very banks responsible pose just as much of a systemic risk as they did in 2008.

The Obama administration killed thousands of people, including an unknown number of civilians, with its secretive drone war. It expanded the war in Afghanistan — twice — dragged its feet on Guantánamo, backed a right-wing military coup that overthrew Honduras’ democratically elected left-wing government and dropped 23,400 bombs on six Muslim-majority countries in 2015.

The Obama administration waged a McCarthyite crackdown on whistleblowers, using the World War I-era Espionage Act to clampdown on more than all previous presidential administrations combined, while drastically expanding the surveillance state.

This is the Democratic Party Americans have grown up with in the past nearly 30 years, since the rise of the Clintonism. And, in these same decades, wages have stagnated, poverty has increased and people have become more and more dissatisfied with the way things are.

It is true that Sanders’ social democratic politics are similar to those of New Deal Democrats. He often jokes that many of his policies were supported by President Dwight Eisenhower — a Republican in the 1950s.

Yet the Democratic Party of the mid-20th century is long gone.

Since the fall of the Soviet Union, the U.S. has drifted more and more to the right — and taken much of the international community with it. During the Cold War, Western capitalist countries had to at least pretend to be concerned with fighting inequality and systemic discrimination. Today they no longer have to compete with an alternative.

As the Republican Party has shifted to the extreme, far-right, the Democratic Party moved along to the right with it. Instead of holding ground (shifting to the left was not even on the table), the Democratic Party embraced neoliberalism.

The so-called “Third Way” paved by the Clintons is just another word for this process.

Hillary Clinton, a figure greatly admired by neoconservatives (who are overwhelmingly backing her over Trump), represents a continuation of this status quo — a status quo millions upon millions of Americans have said they refuse to tolerate anymore.

Americans are desperate for actual change, and Sanders has offered a new path. Clinton has flatly insisted that Americans cannot have basic things that much of the world takes for granted — single-payer health care, free public higher education, environmental policies that don’t rely on fossil fuel corporations that destroy the planet. Sanders says otherwise.

The Democratic Party is a party of corporate influence and military power. It is chock-full of 1 percenters, with leaders like Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel — who shuts down public schools en masse and covers up police killings of unarmed black residents — or Debbie Wasserman Schultz — who is working to help loan sharks.

Many of the things that have been called for by Donald Trump, a fascistic demagogue, have already been implemented by the Democratic Party.

The Obama administration has deported more than 2.5 million people — more than any other president. It is sending Central American refugees fleeing violence back to where they are killed. The Obama administration is more and more heavily militarizing the border, a process that began with the Clinton administration’s passing of NAFTA. The Obama administration is discriminating against Muslims throughout society, with widespread police surveillance and entrapment, along with shadowy policies like the no-fly list. When Clinton’s campaign and her supporters implore Americans to oppose Sanders because he is not a Democrat, it is nothing more than a disingenuous appeal to authority. What they are really saying is loyalty to the Democratic Party is more important than loyalty to the left-wing ideals that it supposedly espouses. This is the textbook definition of rank opportunism. For them, being a loyal Democrat is more important than having left-wing politics. Under eight years of a Democratic presidential administration, life for the average working-class American, and particularly for the average working-class American of color, has not gotten better; it has gotten worse. The Clintons, the most powerful force in the Democratic Party, happen to embody everything that is wrong with it. It was under their leadership that the party took its most reactionary, and despicable, turn. Bill and Hillary gutted welfare and passed the anti-LGBTQ Defense of Marriage Act. Bill and Hillary advocated for neoliberal trade deals like NAFTA and the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Bill and Hillary have made millions of dollars speaking for corporations and banks. Moreover, the Clintons are one of the most corrupt families in U.S. politics. The Clinton Foundation has been described by investigative journalist Ken Silverstein as a “so-called charitable enterprise [that] has served as a vehicle to launder money and to enrich family friends.” Unlike that of the Clintons, Sanders’ record is not just consistent; it is squeaky clean. And it is consistent and squeaky clean precisely because Sanders is not an opportunist. Sanders, a longtime independent, is not a party hack. He is a principled leftist who is only running on the Democratic ticket because he knows this, at the present political moment, is the only way he could have a chance of winning. When it comes to third parties, the U.S. is an incredibly undemocratic country. Most of the world’s democracies have some kind of space for non-hegemonic parties. And in much of Europe in particular, where governments are based on parliamentary systems, third parties can play at least a small role in the political system. This is not so in the U.S., where there are countless obstacles to democracy in U.S. elections — with limited debates, closed primaries, unelected superdelegates and of course the electoral college. Sanders’ popularity proves that Americans are hungry for real left-wing politics, for the kind of left-wing politics the Democratic Party has long abandoned. The fact that a 74-year-old, bald and frankly unattractive man, a Vermont senator with a Brooklyn accent whom most Americans had never heard of until this year, has been doing so incredibly well is a testament to just how popular — and one might even say correct — his socialist ideas are. An enormous grassroots movement has been built around Sanders. This movement has exploded in very little time. It is led by the youth, particularly by young women and people of color. What we are witnessing right now is the resurgence of a new left throughout the U.S. — and throughout the world. Sanders is part of this much larger international trend, with figures like Jeremy Corbyn in the U.K., or Podemos in Spain. And Sanders is aware of this. When he says “Not me, us,” he is acknowledging that the social movements around him are much more important than he is as a mere individual. The fact that he has responded to pressure from Black Lives Matter and the Palestinian solidarity movement demonstrates this. Those like Hillary Clinton, who are desperate to cling on to the old vestiges of establishment power, are not part of this new left-wing resurgence; they are in fact impediments to it. Even if Sanders does not win the primary, one of his many important accomplishments will be helping to expose to millions upon millions of Americans just how reactionary and corrupt the Democratic Party is. He should be thanked for this, not condemned.",1
3347,ISIS Genocide: Will US Back Up Its Tough Talk?,"WASHINGTON -- While the Obama administration's decision to designate ISIS's atrocities against Christians and other minorities as ""genocide"" is important, many warn that it's only the beginning of the process.

""In my judgment Daesh is responsible for genocide against groups in territory under its control,"" Kerry said, using the Arabic acronym for the jihadist army.

It's a critical first step towards protecting Christians from ISIS and other Islamic radicals in Iraq and Syria.

""Every jihadist in the Middle East believes they can kill, kidnap, enslave and otherwise torture Christians and other religious minorities and they believe they can do it without repercussions,"" said Johnnie Moore, author of the book Defying ISIS.

In northern Iraq, Assyrian Christians are an ancient people descended from the first followers of Christ.

""As Assyrians of the Middle East we are on the verge of extinction,"" warned Juliana Taimoorazy, founder and president of the Iraqi Christian Relief Council, an organization that raises awareness about the persecuted Church in Iraq.

Taimoorazy recently visited Telskuf in the Nineveh Plains of Iraq, where 200,000 Christians have fled from ISIS.

""The homes are destroyed when you walk inside,"" she said. ""Their closets are all broken, the beds are all overturned - the kitchens are destroyed.""

Secretary Kerry's genocide designation helps keep the plight of these Christians near the front of U.S. foreign policy.

Advocates wasted no time celebrating. They're already working with the State Department to ensure Christians are represented in Syrian peace talks and that property rights for those forced to flee their homes in Iraq are enforced.

""There are going to be borders redrawn, constitutions redrafted,"" Nina Shea, a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute, told CBN News.

""It's absolutely essential that the Christians have a voice in this process or they will have no place in the new Syria or in the new Iraq,"" she warned.

There's already an effort to create a safe haven in the Nineveh Plains so that Christians, Yazidis and other minorities can return home, govern themselves and rebuild their lives without fear of extermination.

""If you care about the presence of Christianity, the Christian witness, in this very Gospel poor part of the world you will support the idea of a safe haven,"" Robert Nicholson, executive director of the Philos Project, told CBN News.

In spite of the horrors they've experienced at the hands of ISIS, Christians in this part of the world are experiencing a revival of their faith.

""They have told me repeatedly it's because of persecution that has been inflicted on them that they have grown closer to Christ that they find themselves praying more that they're thirsty for the Gospel more,"" Taimoorazy said.

Now the same advocates who pushed for the genocide designation are moving to keep up the pressure, hoping to ensure the Obama administration not only talks, but acts to protect those persecuted Christians and other religious minorities.

They hope to make real progress before the next administration moves into the White House.",1
4779,Gary Johnson can’t name a single foreign leader. Can we stop pretending he’s a real alternative now?,"After watching Johnson and his running mate Bill Weld, the former Republican governor of Massachusetts, in Wednesday night’s town-hall meeting with Chris Matthews, I think maybe they should let Johnson in the debates so more of these voters could see exactly what they’re voting for. The risk is that while Johnson would reveal himself as a bizarre and ignorant man, he might just make Republican presidential nominee Trump look smart and competent by comparison.

When Johnson was interviewed on “Morning Joe” in early September he made one of the more memorable gaffes in campaign history when his answer to “What would you do about Aleppo?” was “What is Aleppo?” He didn’t recognize it as the name of the second-largest city in Syria, which has been in the headlines for months as a battleground where the government is fighting rebel forces. On Wednesday, Johnson said he took responsibility for his Aleppo gaffe, but further explained that he doesn’t believe that just because “a politician can dot the I’s and cross the T’s on some geographic location or the name of some foreign dictator, now we should believe them when it comes to these interventions.”

I’m not sure who believes that just because someone has educated herself about geography and foreign leadership that her ideas must automatically be followed. It’s just that most of us used to think that presidents should have some basic knowledge of facts before they propose policies. The campaign of 2016 has revealed that such qualifications are no longer considered a requirement for the job — at least not by the half of the electorate who claim to be voting for Trump or Johnson.

And then Johnson did it again. Matthews asked him to name his favorite foreign leader, and Johnson again drew a blank, finally admitting, “I guess I’m having an Aleppo moment.” Unfortunately, the exchange went on and on, with Matthews pushing and Johnson floundering, until Weld finally stepped in to cite Chancellor Angela Merkel as his favorite and the whole thing mercifully came to an end.

When asked by one of the fresh-faced young people in the crowd what he said to people who claim that a vote for Johnson is a wasted vote, the candidate told him, “A wasted vote is a vote for someone you don’t believe in.” Matthews came back with a quote from President Barack Obama from earlier in the day:

Johnson’s bizarre nonresponse was to say that Clinton and Trump are doing nothing about Medicare and Medicaid and that “we’re headed to bankruptcy with the size and scope of government.”

When asked about his views on climate change, Johnson rambled on about the coal industry going bankrupt and said he believes the free market is going to fix the problem. How would he make college more accessible to students, a matter central to the Democratic primary campaign and now integral to Hillary Clinton’s platform? Johnson said that the reason why college costs so much is that government-guaranteed student loans have “skewed supply and demand.” In other words, if fewer people go to college, tuition will go down.

A young woman asked if a Johnson administration would cut Planned Parenthood funds, and Johnson said he plans to submit a balanced budget in the first 100 days that would require 20 percent trims across the board. Asked about money in politics, he said he believes there should be no restrictions on campaign contributions. A young man asked him if he would consider rethinking his support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal and Johnson said absolutely not. He made it very clear that he intends to eliminate every trade barrier he can find. The theme that Johnson returned to over and over is that he believes in balanced budgets, cutting entitlements and reducing debt over everything else. Johnson did express the standard libertarian belief that he believes in civil liberties and gay rights, although he fudged his answer about abortion rights. He left out the fact that although he believes in a woman’s right to choose he also believes in a state’s right to take it away, with horrific consequences for women. He portrayed Hillary Clinton as a psycho who is going to start a nuclear war. When asked about it again later in the broadcast, Johnson said that would happen because Clinton refuses to be “seen as weak” and “she will shoot.” It was yet another absurd statement in a long line of them. There’s only one candidate who’s threatening to start a nuclear war and it isn’t Clinton. Many young people become attracted to libertarianism for a time after they read Ayn Rand’s novels and are exposed to the seductive lure of selfishness as a philosophy. Some stick with it for a while, or become standard Republicans as time goes on. But judging from the questions at Wednesday’s town hall event, this audience was not a bunch of Rand acolytes eager to talk about the moochers at Planned Parenthood or the parasites who want free college. With the exception of one or two questioners, most sounded like earnest progressives who may have voted for Sen. Bernie Sanders during the primary season. Johnson’s libertarianism is very, very different from  Sanders’ altruistic democratic socialism. Sanders believes that government has an affirmative duty to help people. Johnson believes that government is an impediment to the natural working of the free market. It’s overwhelmingly obvious that Clinton comes much closer to the Sanders philosophy than does Johnson. Given how close the election is in certain key states, a few protest votes could put Trump in the White House. As Sanders is telling anyone who will listen, “Before you cast a protest vote — because either Clinton or Trump will become president — think hard about it. This is not a governor’s race. It’s not a state legislative race. This is the presidency of the United States.” It’s also the future of the planet.",1
3389,"Clinton camp issues clarification on deleted emails, claims ‘every’ message was reviewed","Hillary Clinton’s camp late Sunday issued a significant clarification about the steps they say were taken to review thousands of personal emails before they were deleted, claiming her team individually read “every email” before discarding those deemed private.

Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill made the clarification in a written statement to Fox News. This comes after the former secretary of state’s office revealed last week that while more than 30,000 “work-related” emails were turned over to the State Department, nearly 32,000 were deemed “private” and deleted.

This admission raised questions over how her team decided to get rid of those messages. Merrill on Sunday clarified an earlier fact sheet that described some of those methods but did not say every email was read.

“We simply took for granted that reading every single email came across as the most important, fundamental and exhaustive step that was performed.  The fact sheet should have been clearer in stating that every email was read,” Merrill said.

Clinton, a likely Democratic presidential candidate, tried to tamp down the controversy over her exclusive use of personal email while secretary of state during a press conference last week. But the admission that she deleted thousands of messages, and her insistence that her personal server remain private, stirred the ire – and curiosity -- of lawmakers who want greater access to her communications as secretary and complain much of it may be gone forever.

Whether the assurance that “every email” was read before being either deleted or turned over eases those concerns remains to be seen.

“I have zero interest in looking at her personal emails,” South Carolina GOP Rep. Trey Gowdy said on “Fox News Sunday.” “But who gets to decide what’s personal and what’s public? And if it’s a mixed-use email, and lots of the emails we get in life are both personal and work, I just can’t trust her lawyers to make the determination that the public’s getting everything they’re entitled to.”",1
4691,There’s nothing suspicious about Trump’s accusers coming forward weeks before the election,"On Wednesday night, stories started pouring in from women accusing Donald Trump of sexual assault — groping them or kissing them against their will much like Trump bragged about doing in a leaked audio recording.

But almost immediately, Trump surrogates and others started calling their stories into question because of the timing.

“These allegations are decades old,” senior Trump adviser A.J. Delgado told Chris Hayes on MSNBC. “If somebody actually did that, Chris, any reasonable woman would have come forward and said something at the time.” Delgado added that she didn’t find the women who talked to the New York Times “credible” because they reportedly support Hillary Clinton.

MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough said he was “skeptical” about the “timing” of the allegations, even though he also insisted that he had “no reason to doubt” the stories.

“Talk about an October surprise,"" Scarborough said. ""There have been a thousand triggering events that would've made sense. If I had been sexually harassed by this man, the Megyn Kelly story would've given me an opportunity.""

But the timing of these reports really isn't suspicious at all. In fact, it's totally expected and even “reasonable,” to use Delgado’s words, when you understand how victims of sexual abuse respond to trauma and social stigma.

The three women who spoke to journalists at the New York Times or the Palm Beach Post all said they were inspired to come forward after hearing Trump deny on national television that he had done the things he described on the leaked tapes.

Natasha Stoynoff of People magazine also led off her story with the exchange from the second presidential debate, when Anderson Cooper asked Trump: “Just for the record, are you saying … that you did not actually kiss women without consent?”

This wasn’t just a “triggering” event, as Scarborough put it (although the harassment of Megyn Kelly was indeed triggering for survivors of abuse). This was Trump explicitly denying that he had done exactly the kinds of things these women say he did to them.

The New York Times reported that it was after the debate that one of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, emailed a reporter at the Times about her experience.

The other accuser who talked to the Times, Jessica Leeds, said that she started telling her story to people she knew about a year and a half ago, when it became apparent that Trump was “actually running for president.”

But as Leeds explained to CNN’s Anderson Cooper, watching the debate inspired her to write a letter to the editor to the New York Times to tell her story. That led staffers to contact her and reporters to interview her, which led to her story being vetted and published.

And Crooks had reportedly been talking to Times staffers about her experience before the debate — but it wasn’t until afterward that she actually agreed to go on the record.

There’s a tendency in our culture to automatically disbelieve victims of sexual abuse when they come forward. That’s especially true in high-profile cases against famous or powerful men, as we’ve seen just this year with Bill Cosby and Roger Ailes.

When an accuser’s story is called into question, the typical narrative is that she’s just seeking attention or a big payout, or that she has some other ulterior motive.

But if you’ve ever talked to actual victims of assault, or been one yourself, you know that coming forward is terrifying and intimidating on all kinds of levels, and that the costs often drastically outweigh the benefits.

As a purely practical matter, pressing charges can mean putting your life on hold for an investigation or a trial, and losing a lot of time and money as a result.

“It’s almost impossible for most women to respond effectively to sexual harassment,” said Patricia Barnes, an attorney and an expert on workplace discrimination, in an earlier interview with Vox. “Because to do so means they have to hire an attorney, they have to go through a complex legal proceeding that takes years, and it has an uncertain outcome at best and often fails.”

The potential payout is rarely worth it. If you go the civil route, the median settlement for a sexual harassment suit is $30,000. If you’re pursuing a criminal case, most accused rapists never see jail time.

Accusing a powerful man also means risking your career if he’s your boss, or even if he works in your industry. We heard stories along these lines from Roger Ailes’s alleged victims, one of whom said there was a “conspiracy of silence” around Ailes’s behavior because nobody wanted to “be personally and professionally destroyed” by Ailes.

Then there are the personal and emotional costs. Victims risk being shunned by their community if they accuse someone who is well-liked. They risk having their personal life, and especially their sex life, ruthlessly scrutinized by people who want to find reasons not to believe them.

Finally, sexual abuse causes trauma that may be too painful to relive in court, much less in public. It may take victims a long time to even admit to themselves that they were abused or victimized. Victims may simply want to “suppress” the experience, as Trump accuser Leeds put it, and move on with their lives. And victims often feel shame after their attack, even if they’ve done nothing wrong.

So it’s no surprise that many victims never report the crimes against them in the first place. And it shouldn’t be a surprise that they may only decide to come forward years later — because it takes that long to process the trauma, or to muster up the courage to put yourself through the reporting process, or to find the time to put the rest of your life on hold to pursue justice.

Leeds, who is 74 years old and says Trump assaulted her in the early 1980s on an airplane, explained that society’s attitudes at the time heavily discouraged victims from speaking out.

“The culture had instilled in us that somehow it was our fault, the attention that we received from men,” Leeds said. “That we were responsible for their behavior. You didn’t complain to the authorities, you didn’t complain to your boss. If something happened to you, you just bucked up and you went on.”

But despite the feminist advances of the intervening decades, this is still often true today.

Crooks, who said Trump forcibly kissed her outside an elevator in 2005, told the Times that the incident made her “so upset that he thought I was so insignificant that he could do that.”

But as Crooks’s then-boyfriend also told the Times: “I think that what was more upsetting than him kissing her was that she felt like she couldn’t do anything to him because of his position. ... I remember her saying, ‘I can’t do anything to this guy, because he’s Donald Trump.’”

Power imbalances, shame and trauma, the fear of social stigma — all of these are reasons why it often takes something big to encourage women to come forward. It might take hearing someone else break her silence publicly first, which can make it feel safer and less lonely for you to do the same.

It might take hearing that your attacker had other victims, which could make you feel morally obligated to help make sure he can’t do it again.

Or it might take seeing the question of whether your attacker committed sexual assault suddenly become a presidential campaign issue.",1
4789,Who won the debate?,"(CNN) CNN commentators and guest analysts offer their take on Monday night's presidential candidate debate. The opinions expressed in these commentaries are solely those of the authors.

David Gergen: Clinton crushed Trump, but was that enough?

Coming into the presidential debate, I thought that if Hillary Clinton won decisively, she would virtually lock up the election. Coming out, it was clear that she did win decisively but I suspect that the campaign will remain ferociously close.

By all traditional standards of debate, Mrs. Clinton crushed. She carefully marshaled her arguments and facts and then sent them into battle with a smile. She rolled out a long list of indictments against Donald Trump, often damaging. By contrast, he came in unprepared, had nothing fresh to say, and increasingly gave way to rants. As the evening ended, the media buried him in criticisms.

Even so, I doubt she has put him away. For one thing, Trump supporters aren't judging him by traditional standards. They have heard establishment politicians over-promise and under-deliver for so long that they crave something different. They were quick last night to see yet more signs of media bias. Trump was an angry figure, yes, but he is also giving voice to their anger. Those who are for him are likely to stick, despite his ineffectual performance.

Equally to the point, Mrs. Clinton seemingly struggled in the debate to create closer emotional bonds with voters. She has been vexed with the issue of likeability throughout this campaign and in recent months her team has become concerned about her ability to mobilize millennials in the way that Barack Obama did so successfully. Her arguments last night should have made voters think, but I am not sure they will make them march.

Perhaps I am wrong. Perhaps Hillary did lock up the race Monday night. Trump certainly blew it. But I imagine the race goes on, and the ultimate decision will be left where it should be: with the voters. Stay tuned for the vice presidential debate next Tuesday!

S.E. Cupp: Trump (mostly) did the job

I had two criteria upon which I would judge Monday night's debate. Not ""who looked more presidential,"" or ""who fact-checked whom the best."" Those aspects go to their bases, not the voters who will determine this election outcome: undecideds.

Hillary Clinton had one job. She had to make Donald Trump look dumb. For undecideds, it will matter less that he's a bully or a liar. She has issues with trust, too. What will scare them is how unprepared he is. Every chance she gets to point this out has the potential to add points. Unfortunately for Clinton, she didn't take many of them. While she pointed out that his ""cavalier attitude"" toward nuclear weapons was dangerous, time and again, she punted at opportunities to point out how ill-informed and unprepared Trump is. Instead, she preferred to argue his vague platform on its merits. For her, this wasn't damaging, but it didn't move the needle in her favor.

In contrast, Trump mostly did the job he had to do. To move undecideds, he had to hammer one point home: Clinton is a politician who doesn't get it. Over and over again, he attacked her as more of the same, out of touch, and a politician who hasn't gotten it right. He didn't go after her character or personal issues, for the most part -- which voters know well. She outmanned him on specifics and details. But his attacks were far more effective than hers.

While Clinton was right to suggest the fact-checkers get busy on his statements -- many were misleading -- if I'm looking at who moved the needle tonight with voters, it was Trump, not Clinton. And, Robby Mook, I assure you, this anti-Trump conservative isn't grading him ""on a curve.""

Hillary Clinton did her homework on Donald Trump in the week leading up to tonight's debate, and the prep work paid off, especially when it came to his business record.

""It must be something really important, even terrible, that he's trying to hide,"" Clinton said of Trump's tax returns, turning the tables on allegations that she's hiding something in her deleted emails. ""It just seems to me that this is something the American people deserve to see.""

Clinton even took a step further and pointed out that Trump didn't pay any income tax returns in certain years, a strategy designed to chip away at the blue-collar demographic that he's cultivated in the last few years. Trump, who's worked up a populist campaign saying that the government has stiffed the little guy, put his own foot in his mouth, butted in and said ""that makes me smart.""

It was a tough attack to which Trump will need an answer in future debates.

As a Clinton supporter, it pains me to say Trump won.

Clinton was too restrained, too smart -- and as much as I hate to say it -- she was too presidential. And being presidential won't help her win the election. She spoke to the intellectuals tuning in; she did not speak to the average American.

Her advisers told her to restrain from attacking Trump. She got the wrong counsel and it could cost her the election.

Her rebuttal to Trump's incoherent rants was to chuckle and tell viewers to check in with the fact checkers. The fact checkers won't win the election for her.

She needed to take him out at the knees. We know Clinton is smart, what we needed to see was a woman who is tough and won't take nonsense from anyone. She failed to do that tonight. Tonight, she was nice. Nice won't win the presidency.

Donald spent the night sniffing constantly before he spoke. To paraphrase one tweeter: He's allergic to his own crap.

He lost the 400-pound vote but he won the debate and unless Clinton changes tactics he's going to win the election.

As a real estate mogul, Donald Trump is more than familiar with the expression ""location, location, location."" In presidential debates, it's temperament, temperament, temperament. History has not been kind to Dan Quayle's perceived weakness, George H. W. Bush's time check or Al Gore's sighs. And it won't be kind to Trump's undisciplined, defensive rants.

Trump's debate performance was a combined rehash of the insolence of his primary debates, the rambling hyperbole of his rallies, with a sprinkle of detail to bolster his message of economic populism. Although Trump scored points on that issue, he whiffed badly when confronted about his failure to release his taxes and struck out on the issues of race, birtherism and foreign policy. It was, frankly, surprising how easily Trump took Hillary's bait.

Coming into Monday night's debate, national polls were essentially tied and battleground states were tightening. With expectations set historically low, all Trump had to do was behave well enough to convince undecided voters he was in fact fit to hold the highest office in the land. In order to win the White House, Trump needs more moderates, minorities and women to support him. Yet he engaged in juvenile attacks on Hillary's looks and stamina instead of her failed record. Trump had an opportunity to put Hillary Clinton away and failed miserably. He is who is he is and continues to act unworthy of the office.

Hillary Clinton was the closer. She pulled off a victory, but only after Trump looked as if he might run away with that victory in the first half of the debate. Clinton was clearly in command of the facts, but Trump was making the simpler -- if highly inaccurate -- case for defending American jobs. Substance aside, he initially came across as caring about those who have lost jobs to trade. But Trump's initial strength unraveled as the debate progressed.

By the time it was over, Clinton unmasked Trump as a con man over his failure to release tax returns and penchant for not paying his workers. He all but acknowledged he doesn't pay taxes, saying ""they would be wasted,"" seeming more like an abusive one-percenter than a man of the people. His birther explanation made no sense, and his claim that Hillary has been ""fighting ISIS your entire life,"" was as ridiculous as his notion of stealing Iraq's oil. His denial of the well-established fact that he supported the Iraq war was a most awkward dance.

That was probably the first and last debate in presidential history to include a discussion of Rosie O'Donnell's looks. As such, it was tremendous entertainment -- pure reality TV. But it was also very hard to pick a winner. Donald Trump won on the basis of spectacle. Hillary Clinton's strategy was to rise above the occasion and let him talk himself into losing. That actually allowed Trump to land one blow after another without Clinton fighting back. She wittily put him down a couple of times. But mostly she just smiled oddly at the camera. She was, to use a Trumpism, low energy. That was a mistake.

Yes, Trump sunk to new lows when discussing the birther issue -- claiming that he helped put it to rest when he actually stirred it up. Yes, he was barely coherent on defense, taxes etc. There was a three-minute section when he detailed a phone call with Sean Hannity about Iraq. Yes, The Donald was low on specifics, too. But he did have clear themes that he rammed home. After 90 grueling minutes, I looked down at my pad and read back the key words that I'd jotted down. ""Law and order."" ""Country doing badly."" ""Bad experience."" ""Emails."" Clinton's policies on solar panels and equal pay did not cut through. It could not compete with his passion, his articulation of populist anger.

So I give this a technical win to Trump because he understood the format, he blew it apart, and he dominated the evening. But that will alienate as many people as it will attract. Moreover, I'm not even sure it'll make that big a difference. Objectively deducing who won or lost is almost impossible when partisan tensions are this high. Most viewers either agree with him or with her. And a small minority watched it and thought, ""How the hell did things come to this?"" The debate will likely harden impressions, not soften hearts. The impression is that Trump has matured into an effective champion of the working class. But Clinton looks like a president-in-waiting.

Timothy Stanley is a historian and columnist for Britain's Daily Telegraph. He is the author of ""Citizen Hollywood: How the Collaboration Between L.A. and D.C. Revolutionized American Politics.""

Out of control. That's how I'd describe the first presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. What a train wreck for any voter who wanted to hear details about policy. Instead, we got Trump shouting insults and one-liners, interrupting Clinton, trying to take over the conversation. Shockingly, Trump admitting to the world: He was ""smart"" not to pay his federal income taxes; he supported a return of ""stop and frisk"" policing, even though it was ruled racial profiling and unconstitutional by the courts; and he defended his family's housing discrimination practices against blacks and Latinos, essentially saying it was just something everyone did back then.

Clinton's sit-back-and-watch-him-implode strategy was frustrating at times but it worked. She could, however, show more passion when discussing her policies. On the issue of race, Clinton missed a perfect opportunity to talk more about her plan for law enforcement reforms and systematic racism in our justice system. Still for me, Trump lost the debate tonight. Talking loud and saying little shouldn't be a path to the White House.

Roxanne Jones, a founding editor of ESPN Magazine and former vice president at ESPN, has worked as a producer and as a reporter at the New York Daily News and The Philadelphia Inquirer. She was named a 2010 Woman of the Year by Women in Sports and Events, is a co-author of ""Say It Loud: An Illustrated History of the Black Athlete,"" and CEO of the Push Marketing. She supports Hillary Clinton for the presidency.

Julian Zelizer: Debate unlikely to have dramatic impact

Overall, it is unclear that Monday night's debate will have a huge impact on the direction of the polls. The best moments for Donald Trump came in the first half hour, where he baited her into defending unpopular free trade deals.

There were many reasons that Hillary Clinton supporters could be pleased with her performance. At several points, Trump was irritated and angry. He delved into some of his more controversial claims. He referred to Sean Hannity as evidence to support his claims about the Iraq War.

Clinton consistently appeared poised and attacked with methodical precision. The most effective part of Clinton's attacks was to connect him to a kind of trickle-down economics and raise questions about his business record. Clinton's best moments came when she attacked him on birtherism. In the final half hour, Trump was mired deep in his Trumpian statements about women's looks and more.

But Clinton's greatest advantage remains the dynamics of the Electoral College and the continued doubts about his capacity to be president. It is very hard for a single debate to change the game. And it is unclear that this debate had the kind of dramatic moment that will fundamentally reshape public opinion -- overwhelming all of the other factors that have caused her lead to shrink. The most unfavorable moments for Trump are not worse than anything he's done before -- and those moments have not undercut his campaign thus far.

Haroon Moghul: Trump lost, but so did all of us

Near the end of Monday night's debate, Hillary Clinton looked straight into the camera to address America's allies. She wanted our friends and partners in NATO, and allies like Japan, South Korea, and others to know that we meant to honor our obligations. In that moment, Donald Trump entirely disappeared, and Clinton no longer looked like a candidate for President. She sounded like she was already President.

Trump? He managed to incorporate his very large portfolio into nearly every comment he made. Eventually I expected him to announce he knew best how to defeat ISIS because he built a hotel in Mosul. So, yes, Trump lost. But we lost, too. All of us, as Americans. It's a disaster for any democracy when there is only one responsible candidate running for office, let alone the highest in any land.

Trump's language over the campaign has been racist and authoritarian; he has indulged anti-Semites and winked at white supremacists when he was not busy with plans for mass deportations or Islamophobic bans. It's not a good thing that 100 million people are watching these two candidates debate, because 100 million people shouldn't take a would-be fascist seriously enough to debate his case for the White House.

One of my favorite new shows is Netflix's ""Stranger Things."" Unfortunately, we're the ones living in the upside down.

Haroon Moghul is a senior fellow and director of development at the Center for Global Policy. His next book, ""How to be a Muslim,"" will be out in 2017.

Civility went south fast in Monday's debate. Donald Trump lost his composure early, ranting, interrupting (over 20 times) and sniffing. (Under the weather, or out of his comfort zone?) Hillary Clinton started out soft, playing the grandmother card, but quickly escalated to tough talk and occasional sarcasm. It could hardly have gone otherwise. Clinton hit hard at Trump, bringing up his admiration of Russian President Vladimir Putin, his ""long record of engaging in racist behavior,"" his denial at having supported the Iraq war, and his refusal to allow the American people to see his tax returns.

In doing so, Clinton did Americans a big favor: she revealed Trump's limitations. He is simply unable to make those leaps of imagination and generosity necessary to transform from a businessperson to a national political leader. The candidate who claims to do everything big showed the smallness of his thinking tonight. With his off-key rejoinders, he demonstrated repeatedly how he sees everything -- people, properties, cities, and entire countries -- in terms of how they factor into his business and personal universe, which seem to be one and the same. I'll get to Pennsylvania Avenue one way or another, he said tonight, as though the White House and his new Trump hotel are entities of equal importance. Perhaps they really are, in his mind.

Clinton alone demonstrated the composure, wisdom, and broad vision necessary for executive office. She won the debate hands down.

Ruth Ben-Ghiat is a professor of history and Italian studies at New York University, a specialist in 20th-century European history and a frequent contributor to CNN Opinion. Her latest book is ""Italian Fascism's Empire Cinema."" She supports Hillary Clinton for the presidency.

The reality TV star and businessman who loves giving nicknames earned himself one tonight: ""Sniffles."" From the beginning through the end of the first debate Donald Trump seemed to have something going on with his sinuses. It seemed a fitting metaphor for a night on which the usual expert showman was seriously off his game. Besides the sniffles, Trump made faces and sighed. He scowled. He interrupted. He took innumerable drinks of water, something for which he used to mock Marco Rubio.

In so doing, Trump lost this debate to a clearly up-to-the-task Hillary Clinton. Either Trump failed to prepare, or his prep sessions did not stick.

This is a debate that will likely be studied in college communications, advertising, and gender courses for years to come. Without the benefit of a live audience cheering his one-liners, Trump seemed deflated and not on his best form at all. His constant interruptions of Clinton will do him no favors with women voters. His bragging, in effect, about forcing President Barack Obama to produce his birth certificate will not go over well with black voters. And his rambling answers at times descended into incoherence. In response to a question about cybersecurity, he mentioned that cyberattacks could be coming from ""someone sitting on their bed weighing 400 pounds."" Uh, what?

Clinton did not let opportunities go by to score points with independents or moderate voters, reminding viewers that Trump once saw the mortgage crisis as a business opportunity, and she discussed race relations in thoughtful terms. Meanwhile, Trump made truly bizarre statements, such as she has been been fighting ISIS for 30 years! and ""African-Americans and Hispanics are living in hell, you walk down the streets, you get shot."" Note to Trump: Testiness is not a presidential look.

The fact that at several points Trump was arguing with moderator Lester Holt showed that things were not going his way. In one of the most notable moments of the night, Trump's declaration that he had a much better temperament than Clinton earned spontaneous laughter from the audience at Hofstra University. As Trump might say: ""Sad.""

Unusual omissions tonight: No mentions of Trump's feuds with everyone from a distinguished Mexican-American judge to a Gold Star family. More glaringly: no discussion of immigration.

Whether viewers agree with Clinton's positions or not, she was able to articulate them in a reasonable and rational manner. She did well, and she knew it. She was obviously ready to discuss problematic issues like her emails. The grin on her face near the end of the debate was evidence that she was aware that she had had a great night. Once you've traveled the world, negotiated treaties, and testified before Congress for 11 hours, she said to Trump with a hint of mockery, then ""you can talk to me about stamina."" Mic drop. Game over. Tonight at least, Hillary Clinton won.

This was a remarkable moment in American political history. Has there been a prior event in which a candidate has so completely and remarkably demonstrated his unfitness for the presidency, in character, temperament, preparation and aptitude?

Donald Trump's now-familiar pattern of winning debates through sheer bluster and braggadocio was effective when he was facing a gaggle of opponents, all of whom had similar ideologies but less exaggerated stage personas. But faced with a single rival with clearly distinct ideas and experience and a staunchly unflappable attitude, he seemed rude, ignorant, volatile and churlish. Despite pundit assertions that Hillary Clinton had the burden of proof in this debate, the truth is that she simply needed to hold strong and let Hurricane Trump blow itself out. And she did.

Sadly, moderator Lester Holt was a non-presence in the debate. But his inability to restrain Trump proved an asset to Clinton, who spent much of the time leaning back and smiling to herself, knowing that her opponent was weaving his own hanging rope.

Jeff Yang is a columnist for The Wall Street Journal Online and contributes frequently to radio shows, including PRI's ""The Takeaway"" and WNYC's ""The Brian Lehrer Show."" He is the co-author of ""I Am Jackie Chan: My Life in Action.""

Donald Trump's supporters like to refer to his movement as ""The Trump Train."" Well, tonight The Trump Train went off the rails. Big time.

But for those who somehow thought, up until Monday night, that Donald Trump might somehow be qualified to be president, Monday's debate was a wakeup call. He seemed like a defensive, petulant bully who could only insult Hillary Clinton and America -- and couldn't offer a single solution, let alone details. He came across as not only dreadfully unprepared for the debate, but dreadfully unprepared to be president. Which is the truth. And it's high time all Americans know it.

In moment after moment, Hillary Clinton presented a knowledgeable and clear-eyed vision for how to help working families and continue America on the path to security and prosperity. Donald Trump, in contrast, lied, and got defensive. He was petty and insulting, and then lied some more. Lies apparently can only get the Trump train so far. Eventually it runs out of steam.

Hillary Clinton showed herself to be the kind of person you want in the White House. And Donald Trump showed himself to be the kind of kindergartner who should have his train taken away and instead given a timeout.

The conventional wisdom going into the first debate was that Donald Trump would have to tone it down and appear more presidential. Trump definitely took a more staid and steadied approach, but it didn't work. His bravado and charm were largely absent from the stage. Trump the showman can dance around policy pitfalls and distract from some of his less than successful business dealings. Sedate Donald had far fewer tools at his disposal, and looked like he couldn't wait for the 90-minute snooze-fest to end.

Hillary Clinton didn't give a memorable performance, but she didn't have to. Most Americans expect Madame Secretary to drone on, joylessly, about policy, and wave her curriculum vitae like a club against her enemies. She met expectations, which was enough, and during some of the actual policy exchanges clearly had the upper hand on knowledge and background.

Trump had huge areas of vulnerability to exploit in his opponent, and he barely touched her on them -- from Benghazi to her emails to the allegations of Clinton Foundation corruption. He will need a much stronger showing in his next debate or this thing will be over long before November.

Nayyera Haq: Trump looked more like Grumpy Cat than a leader

Trump's glass jaw was exposed throughout Clinton's onslaught of policy laden counter-punches. Trump came into this debate attempting to appeal to a broader audience, so he needed to leave behind the showmanship and bravado that worked for him in the primary and instead carry himself with presidential composure. But his calm voice lasted only 20 minutes and his listening face made him look more like Grumpy Cat than a leader, showing that rehearsed moves just don't work for him.

Trump had Clinton momentarily against the ropes early on about NAFTA and TPP, but then he allowed his emotion to take over and did not regain his own footing for the remainder of the debate. His heavy handed depictions of America's problems didn't hold up against Hillary's detailed, solution oriented answers. His snorting asides were countered with some surprising zingers from Hillary -- ""Donald criticized me for preparing for this debate. You know what else I prepared for? To be President.""

Trump crumbled under Hillary's attacks on his business record, lack of transparency on taxes, and understanding of African-American communities. By the time it came around to national security, the contrast in experience was even more clear, with Clinton nimbly moving around the globe and Trump invoking his 10-year-old son--who, he told us, is good at computers -- in a discussion of cyber security. Trump's abrupt defensiveness, especially on the issue of his temperament, allowed Clinton to come across as the champion of those who have been taken taken advantage of by big business and systemic racism. Calling this fight for Hillary.",1
101,Rachel Dolezal has a right to be black (Opinion),"On Monday, Rachel Dolezal, the head of the Spokane chapter of the NAACP, resigned in shame because she had posed as a black woman even though she is biologically white.

The outing of Dolezal seems ironic given the recent public embrace of Caitlyn Jenner, the transgender woman formerly known as Bruce Jenner. Jenner seems to have ushered in an era of greater tolerance about the constructed nature of identity. After all, when a transgender woman is elevated to the cover of Vanity Fair, it's as though we have reached a tipping point. We can accept the idea that one's social identity can be radically transformed if it doesn't match with what one feels in the heart.

The stark difference in Dolezal's treatment forces us to ask what's the difference between claiming a gender identity versus a racial identity? Why is it that we celebrate Bruce Jenner's gender change and frown upon Rachel Dolezal's racial change?

Dolezal is disturbing for many people because she marks a cultural fault line. Like it or not, we have entered into an era of elective race -- a time when people expect that one has a right and dignity to claim the identity of one's choice.

The central issue that separates Jenner's and Dolezal's choices is deception. Jenner chose carefully how and when she would disclose herself as actually female. Dolezal's involuntary outing was staged by her angry parents who felt left behind as she chose a life associated with being a black person. The irony of the situation is certainly not lost on Dolezal's parents, who adopted several black children who became Dolezal's siblings, perhaps giving her the first taste of what it would be like to be in a black community. As much as critics try to characterize Dolezal's behavior as a fraudulent choice, sociologists and psychologists know that decisions about racial and ethnic identity are typically not merely expressive, strategic, or apolitical, but are driven by social conditions. Growing up in a family with black siblings exposed Dolezal to the reality of discrimination and made her more sensitive to its effects. It probably helped her understand the contrast between the reality of black lives and white privilege. Other similar experiences, such as marrying an African-American and having black children, also make white people more sensitive to racism. Dolezal likely became politically and socially conscious about these issues because of her experiences in an interracial family. In this sense, her parents must be proud of the child they raised. Should we indict Dolezal for her racial deceit? That depends on a number of factors. What accounts for her decision to ""become"" black instead of remaining white to advocate for racial justice? Did Dolezal feel that her white skin made her suspect as she engaged in political activism? Did she fear it would be a distraction as she attempted to gain credibility in racial justice efforts? Opinion: Passing for black? Now that's a twist Of course, she could have attained a leadership role in the NAACP as a white woman, but did the perception that she was black make people feel more objective about her performance rather than skeptical about her understanding and commitment to anti-racism? Was she aesthetically driven? Dolezal claims that she has been in love with black aesthetics since childhood. The decision to adopt a black female aesthetic for herself is a political act given that Americans in general assume black women are not aesthetically as desirable as white women. Yet, others reduce her aesthetic choices to mere cultural appropriation. People allow Caitlyn Jenner to change because she has some biological basis for believing she is female. But is this all identity is? Are we prepared to accept the implications of this view? What if Dolezal can identify one ""biologically"" black ancestor -- does this suddenly make her claim to blackness valid? If she cannot, does this failure render invalid her connections to blackness, and all of her efforts to make the world better for African Americans? In my view, hate the sin but love the sinner. Dolezal lied. She should not have lied, but she lied for reasons with which we can sympathize. I admire the way she chose to live her life as a black person. Advocating for anti-racism efforts is ethical and admirable if she wanted to claim blackness as a social identity. Those quick to throw stones well know that there are costs to living life as a black person, and once Dolezal made the switch she seems never to have looked back. I will not indict her for her choice to link herself to this community, and I would consider her claim no greater if she identified a long lost African ancestor. Dolezal's case forces us to examine our society, which made her feel that passing for a black woman was her best choice in her advocacy for African American issues. She forces us to consider whether our biology or our action is more important to identity, and should we act in ways that honor our chosen identity in meaningful ways. We should not have to be slaves to the biological definition of identity, and we should not use race or gender identities as weapons to punish one another.",1
5238,Who will Hillary Clinton’s ‘basket of deplorables’ comment actually alienate?,"""To just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the 'basket of deplorables,'"" Hillary Clinton said at a New York fundraiser on Sept. 9. ""The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic, you name it. And unfortunately, there are people like that, and he has lifted them up."" (Video: The Washington Post / Photo: AP)

Hillary Clinton's declaration Friday night at a New York fundraiser that ""half"" of Donald Trump's supporters fit into a ""basket of deplorables"" seems, in its tersest formation, like a stupid comment to make. The New York Times's Michael Barbaro sums up that sentiment.

But my summary above is not a fair condensation what Clinton said — and the fuller context makes it clear what she was aiming at.

""To just be grossly generalistic,"" Clinton said according to a transcript from BuzzFeed's Ruby Cramer, ""you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. Right? The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic — you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that. And he has lifted them up.""

She talked a bit about how Trump has interacted with that racist element and then continued. ""But the other basket — and I know this because I see friends from all over America here … but that other basket are people who feel that the government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures — they're just desperate for change. … Those are people we have to understand and empathize with as well.""

Trump's campaign — and Trump himself — quickly tried to make hay from the first part.

But there are two ways in which this differs from something like President Obama's ""cling to guns and religion"" comments from another fundraiser in 2008.

The first is that the ""clingers"" remark disparaged something that was positive: a person's religion or their cultural affinity for gun ownership and sportsmanship. It was a dismissal of things of which people were proud. Clinton, however, was saying that half of Trump's base was motivated by negative inclinations: racism, sexism. No one is going to say, ""Hey, how dare you disparage my family's history of being racist.""

Trump's tweet said she insulted his supporters, but Clinton clearly delineated between two groups of supporters, and she offered words of understanding to the latter. So let's break the electorate out into four groups and consider how the comment will play.

1. Clinton supporters. They support Clinton; it seems unlikely they'll be put out.

2. Racist/sexist/xenophobic/Islamophobic Trump supporters. How big a group is this? It's hard to say. Clinton's spokesman Nick Merrill tried to defend his boss's use of ""half"" by saying on Twitter that the racist/xenophobic types ""appear to make up half of his crowd"" at events. (Update: Clinton issued a statement on Saturday apologizing for implying it was ""half"" of Trump supporters.) We do know that 7 percent of Trump supporters think the candidate is racist, suggesting that they themselves don't see racism as a dealbreaker. Regardless of the actual fraction of the Trump base this group constitutes, Clinton's not likely to change their minds away from their preferred candidate, either.

3. Non-'deplorable' Trump supporters. This group will go one of two ways. They'll either a. see Clinton's remarks as insulting them as a whole, or b. be reminded that there are elements of Trump's base of support that makes them uncomfortable. That sense may spur them to be less enthusiastic to go vote for Trump in November.

But notice: Either way, there's no loss for Clinton! If she spurs some Trump supporters to reconsider, the loss is to Trump.

[Republicans think Hillary Clinton just made her own ’47 percent’ gaffe. Did she?]

4. Undecided voters. They'll go one of two ways, too, it seems. Some may think Clinton was being rude and be less likely to support her. Some may similarly be reminded about elements of Trump's base that they don't like and be less likely to back him.

This is a much smaller group than the number of Trump backers, mind you. In the current RealClearPolitics average, Trump backers are about 43 percent of the electorate and undecided voters are about 12 percent. If Clinton sways 5 percent of the (let's say) 90 percent of Trump backers who aren't ""deplorables"" to rethink their support, that's 2 percent of the overall electorate. If she loses 10 percent of the undecideds, that's 1.2 percent of the electorate.

That's assuming the shorthand here doesn't collapse into ""Clinton insulted all Trump supporters."" This is the point that Barbaro was making. Clinton may have been trying, once again, to separate out non-racist/sexist/xenophobic Trump backers by pointing to those supporting Trump who do hold those objectively deplorable views. It's a tricky line to walk — but compared with ""clingers,"" for example, she's in a slightly better position.

And then there's that other thing about Obama's ""clingers"" comment: He won anyway — twice.",1
3994,U.S. officials: No known threat in wake of Paris attack,"U.S. authorities said Friday there is no known threat to the American homeland in the wake of the deadly terror attacks in Paris, but cities across the country were taking precautions while intelligence officials expressed alarm over the methodology and planning that was evident behind the terrorist acts.

More than 120 people were killed when a series of apparently coordinated shootings and explosions rocked Paris, which officials said evoked memories of the deadly 2008 terror attacks in Mumbai, India.

""The Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are closely monitoring events in Paris and we are in contact with our counterparts in the region,"" Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said in a statement. ""At this time, we know of no specific or credible threats of an attack on the U.S. homeland of the type that occurred in Paris tonight.""

It is still unclear who was behind the attacks. One U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN that the attacks resemble tactics that have been used by a number of terror groups -- including al Qaeda's focus on mass casualty and visibility, and the small, tactical nature of attacks that are more the hallmark of ISIS and its acolytes.

The official noted that Algerian terrorist groups have attacked in Paris in the past, though they don't have much capability to do what unfolded in Paris. Meanwhile, U.S. officials are still trying to determine if there are any U.S. connections with the terrorists or the victims and are working with their French counterparts to ensure there are no immediate threats to the U.S. Two additional U.S. counterterrorism officials told CNN that authorities across the U.S. have convened secure conference calls to try and gather information. And a federal law enforcement official said federal authorities are working with local police agencies around the country to task sources domestically and internationally for information about any individuals possibly associated with the attacks. They're also going back to look at whether there was any intelligence missed indicating these attacks were going to happen, the law enforcement official said, adding that the FBI is also putting additional personnel on standby to be deployed to France to offer any support such as bomb technicians and computer analysts. President Barack Obama, French President Francois Hollande, second from right, and Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo arrive at the Bataclan, site of one of the Paris terrorists attacks, to pay their respects to the victims after Obama arrived in town for the COP21 climate change conference early on Monday, November 30, in Paris. The Eiffel Tower in Paris is illuminated in the French national colors on Monday, November 16. Displays of support for the French people were evident at landmarks around the globe after the deadly terrorist attacks in Paris on Friday, November 13. People hold hands as they observe a minute of silence in Lyon, France, on November 16, three days after the Paris attacks. A minute of silence was observed throughout the country in memory of the victims of the country's deadliest violence since World War II. French President Francois Hollande, center, flanked by French Prime Minister Manuel Valls, right, and French Education Minister Najat Vallaud-Belkacem, center left, stands among students during a minute of silence in the courtyard of the Sorbonne University in Paris on November 16. A large crowd gathers to lay flowers and candles in front of the Carillon restaurant in Paris on Sunday, November 15. A man sits next to candles lit as homage to the victims of the deadly attacks in Paris at a square in Rio de Janeiro on November 15. People light candles in tribute to the Paris victims on November 15 in Budapest, Hungary. People gather outside Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris on November 15 for a national service for the victims of the city's terror attacks. People write messages on the ground at Place de la Republique in Paris on November 15. People pray during a candlelight vigil for victims of the Paris attacks at a church in Islamabad, Pakistan, on November 15. French golfer Gregory Bourdy passes a peace symbol for the Paris victims during the BMW Shanghai Masters tournament November 15 in Shanghai, China. A man offers a prayer in memory of victims of the Paris attacks at the French Embassy in Tokyo on November 15. A woman holds a candle atop a miniature replica of the Eiffel Tower during a candlelight vigil Saturday, November 14, in Vancouver, British Columbia. Front pages of Japanese newspapers in Tokyo show coverage and photos of the Paris attacks on November 14. An electronic billboard on a canal in Milan, Italy reads, in French, ""I'm Paris,"" on November 14. The Eiffel Tower stands dark as a mourning gesture on November 14, in Paris. More than 125 people were killed in a series of coordinated attacks in Paris on Friday. People around the world reacted in horror to the deadly terrorist assaults. Lithuanians hold a candlelight vigil in front of the French Embassy in Vilnius, Lithuania, on November 14. Thousands gather in London's Trafalgar Square for a candlelit vigil on November 14 to honor the victims of the Paris attacks. A woman lights candles at a memorial near the Bataclan theater in Paris on November 14. A man places a candle in front of Le Carillon cafe in Paris on November 14. A woman holds a French flag during a gathering in Stockholm, Sweden, on November 14. Nancy Acevedo prays for France during the opening prayer for the Sunshine Summit being held at Rosen Shingle Creek in Orlando, Florida on November 14. French soldiers of the United Nations' interim forces in Lebanon observe the national flag at half-staff at the contingent headquarters in the village of Deir Kifa on November 14. A couple surveys the signature sails of the Sydney Opera House lit in the colors of the French flag in Sydney on November 14. A woman places flowers in front of the French Consulate in St. Petersburg, Russia, on November 14. Candles are lit in Hong Kong on November 14 to remember the scores who died in France. A woman lights a candle outside the French Consulate in Barcelona, Spain, on November 14. Britain's Prince Charles expresses solidarity with France at a birthday barbecue in his honor near Perth, Australia, on November 14. The French national flag flutters at half-staff on November 14 at its embassy in Beijing. Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte after a speech on November 14 in The Hague following the attacks. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe becomes emotional after his speech on the French attacks during the opening ceremony of a Japanese garden in Istanbul, Turkey, on November 14. A woman mourns outside Le Carillon bar in the 10th district of Paris on November 14. The attackers ruthlessly sought out soft targets where people were getting their weekends underway. People lay flowers outside the French Embassy in Moscow on November 14. Mourners gather outside Le Carillon bar in the 10th district of Paris on November 14. ""We were listening to music when we heard what we thought were the sounds of firecrackers,"" a doctor from a nearby hospital who was drinking in the bar with colleagues told Le Monde. ""A few moments later, it was a scene straight out of a war. Blood everywhere."" People attend a vigil outside the French Consulate in Montreal. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau offered ""all of Canada's support"" to France on Friday, November 13, in the wake of the attacks. Police show a heightened presence in Times Square in New York on November 13, following the terrorist attacks in Paris. People light candles at a vigil outside the French Consulate in Montreal on November 13. University of Nevada, Las Vegas, fans observe a moment of silence for the victims of the terrorist attacks in Paris before a basketball game November 13. The house lights are shut off and scoreboard dark as Boston Celtics players pause for a moment of silence for the Paris victims before an NBA basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks in Boston on November 13. People light candles at a vigil outside the French Consulate in Montreal on November 13. One of the primary reasons for alarm among U.S. counterterrorism officials is the lack of relevant intelligence before the attacks began. Intelligence agencies are looking at communications intercepts for clues as to any advanced planning or coordination, a U.S. intelligence official said. The U.S. collects overseas communications in Europe and elsewhere, and in the past, such reviews have uncovered emails and other communications that show planning, the intelligence official added. Local police departments moved quickly to place units on extra alert. In Los Angeles, extra police were deployed at critical sites like airports. In Washington, enhanced patrols were sent near the Capitol. In New York City, the New York Police Department was giving special attention and increasing its presence at soft targets such as nightclubs, theaters and museums, along with locations tied to France, another federal law enforcement official said. Authorities are also scrutinizing known terror suspects in the U.S. and boosting surveillance of them, the law enforcement officials said. ""We will not hesitate to adjust our security posture, as appropriate, to protect the American people,"" an FBI spokesperson said in a statement. ""DHS and the FBI routinely share information with our state, local, federal and international law enforcement, intelligence and homeland security partners, and continually evaluate the level of protection we provide at federal facilities."" Sign up for CNN Politics' Nightcap newsletter, serving up today's best and tomorrow's essentials in politics.",1
981,The Daily 202: Ted Cruz’s war with Matt Drudge could become a huge problem for his campaign,"The Drudge Report has aggressively portrayed Ted Cruz’s sweep of all the delegates from Colorado’s Republican convention as a corrupt power grab.

The site named for Matt Drudge, who broke the story of Bill Clinton’s affair with Monica Lewinsky and still runs it, links to nine stories this morning with salacious headlines about the convention. Among them: “Savage: Cruz should disavow rigged Colorado election … Buchanan: Apparatchiks thieve delegates for Ted … 1 MILLION REPUBLICANS SIDELINED … Border Patrol Agents: Colorado Voters Disenfranchised.” Keep in mind that this is three days after the Colorado convention.

Our analytics partners at Zignal Labs say the Drudge attacks are breaking through on social media in a significant way. This word cloud, which tracks all Cruz mentions since Saturday, shows the extent to which Drudge has shaped the conversation about Cruz’s win in Colorado. Note the prominence of the words “cheating” and “drudge”:

This kind of squabbling will only get louder as the delegate wrestling and wrangling intensifies. And it has clearly gotten under Cruz’s skin.

In a radio interview yesterday, the Texas senator ripped into Drudge as an arm of Donald Trump’s campaign. “In about the past month, the Drudge Report has basically become the attack site for the Trump campaign,” he told conservative host Mike Slater. “So every day they have the latest Trump attack. They’re directed at me. … Most days they have a six-month-old article that is some attack on me, and it’s whatever the Trump campaign is pushing that day will be the banner headline on Drudge.”

“By the way, they no longer cover news,” Cruz added of Drudge. “When we win a state, suddenly the state doesn’t matter. You know Colorado — there was no red siren on Drudge when we won all 34 delegates in Colorado.”

Drudge responded by posting a link to a January Fox News interview in which Cruz praised the conservative site for breaking the mainstream media’s “stranglehold.""

It’s never good to pick a fight with a guy who buys ink by the barrel, as they say. Or whatever the 2016 version of that line is.

If it was just Trump complaining about the “crooked” system, it would seem like sour grapes from a guy who got out-hustled. But The Donald’s allies in the right-wing media, including Drudge and Breitbart, are trying to make Cruz’s wins seem illegitimate in the eyes of the conservative base. If Cruz wins the nomination at a contested convention in Cleveland, he will need these grass-roots activists to rally around him. If regular Drudge readers believe he did not win fair and square, they will be less inclined to do so.

Interestingly, the increasing scrutiny from Drudge comes as the Democratic National Committee begins to train more of its fire at Cruz. After focusing almost single-mindedly on Trump for months, the DNC held a press call yesterday to blast the Texan ahead of campaign stops in California. Ironically, they pushed a similar message as Drudge: “Cruz’s campaign is proving to be just as divisive for the Republican Party as his tenure in the Senate has been for our country,” said the DNC communications director. “That’s why there just isn’t a whole lot of excitement for Cruz being the Republican nominee.”

– Donald Trump says he identifies with Howard Roark from Ayn Rand’s “The Fountainhead.” He praised the novel and its protagonist in a broader interview with USA Today that posted yesterday. “It relates to business, beauty, life and inner emotions. That book relates to ... everything,” the GOP front-runner told the paper. Columnist Kirsten Powers writes that she pointed out that “The Fountainhead” is “in a way about the tyranny of groupthink.” Trump reportedly sat up and told her, “That’s what is happening here.”

For those who haven't read the book since high school, Roark is an architect who dynamites a housing project he designed because he is angry about changes that others made to his blueprints. He’s then put on trial for arson, but a jury acquits him after he delivers an eloquent speech about the need to always stay true to one’s self. Gary Cooper delivered the courtroom monologue in the 1949 film adaptation:

Bottom line, Roark is a self-centered individualist who steadfastly refuses to submit to the will of others. “He is presented as the author's version of an ideal man — one who embodies the virtues of Rand's objectivist philosophy,” the CliffNotes character analysis explains. “Roark is an example of free will — the theory that an individual has the power, by virtue of the choices he makes, to control the outcome of his own life. A man's thinking and values are not controlled by God or the fates or society or any external factor — but solely by his own choice.”

Is The Donald threatening to blow up the Republican Party if he’s spurned in Cleveland? He almost certainly has not thought through the implications of publicly identifying with Roark and embracing objectivism. But it’s nonetheless another revealing window into his psyche.

It’s also a reflection of how Trump does not play by the same rules that normal politicians must. In 2012, Paul Ryan tried hard to distance himself from Rand, whose work he had often praised. “I adored her novels when I was young, and in many ways they gave me an interest in economics,” he told the New York Times Magazine in 2014. “But as a devout, practicing Catholic, I completely reject the philosophy of objectivism.”

WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING:

-- Forty percent of former NFL players show signs of traumatic brain injuries, according to a groundbreaking study that will be presented at next week’s American Academy of Neurology. This is one of the largest studies performed on living NFL players, and it offers “the most conclusive evidence yet” of a definitive link between brain injury and playing football. Travis M. Andrews explains that the study is based on sensitive MRI scans called diffusion tensor imaging.

MORE ON THE REPUBLICAN RACE:

-- Phyllis Schlafly is facing backlash after endorsing Trump last month, including an attempt to oust her as the head of the Eagle Forum, the conservative group she founded 44 years ago to stop the Equal Rights Amendment. From David Weigel: ""Ed Martin, who Schlafly elevated to president of Eagle Forum in 2015, told [the Post] that Schlafly had not been ousted yet, but that it was clearly the plan of Eagle's board. In an interview with WorldNetDaily, which publishes her work, the 91-year-old Schafly speculated that her Trump endorsement and opposition to the idea of a National Convention of States had roiled her opponents.""

-- John Kasich, speaking today in Manhattan, will call his candidacy the GOP's only way out of a “path to darkness.” “Without naming Cruz or Trump, Kasich plans to indict them both,” writes Weigel, who reviewed the planned remarks.

-- Ben Carson continues to be the worst surrogate of the cycle. He admitted yesterday that his support for Trump is “purely pragmatic"" and said he'd probably oppose him “if the stakes weren’t so high.” (BuzzFeed)

-- Trump told USA Today he could envision putting Marco Rubio in his cabinet. “Yes. I like Marco Rubio. Yeah. I could,” he said. “There are people I have in mind in terms of vice president. I just haven’t told anybody names. ... I do like Marco. I do like Kasich. … I like [Scott] Walker actually in a lot of ways. I hit him very hard. ... But I’ve always liked him. There are people I like, but I don’t think they like me because I have hit them hard.”

-- MORE DELEGATE SETBACKS FOR TRUMP, in addition to the ones outlined in yesterday's 202. Per Ed O'Keefe, Trump also got outgunned last weekend in:

MORE ON THE DEMOCRATIC RACE:

-- THREE NEW YORK POLLS: With one week until the primary, Trump and Clinton are dominating:

So much for home-field advantage: That Monmouth survey finds only 29 percent of voters consider Clinton -- who has lived in the state for 16 years and served as senator for eight years -- to be a “real New Yorker,” while 28 said the same for Sanders, who left the state after high school.

-- Tensions continued to escalate in the battle for New York:

Clinton devoted a Long Island campaign event entirely to gun control, all but blaming Sanders for crime in New York City. From Philip Rucker and Abby Phillip: “Clinton convened a round table-style discussion … where she, along with the local congressman, Rep. Steve Israel (D), and gun-safety advocates hammered Sanders.... 'Here’s what I want you to know: Most of the guns that are used in crimes and violence and killings in New York come from out of state. The state that has the highest per-capita number of those guns that end up committing crime in New York come from Vermont,’ Clinton said, eliciting gasps.… ‘So this is not, ‘Oh, no, I live in a rural state. We don’t have any of these problems.'""

The Post's Fact Checker gives Clinton Three Pinocchios for this line of attack: ""Clinton has carefully crafted the talking point to find the particular government data that support her point, which gives a wildly different view than how trafficking flows are tracked,"" Michelle Ye Hee Lee writes. ""We do not find the per capita measure as a fair assessment of gun flows from Vermont into New York. The difference between this point using per capita calculation and the raw number (1 percent of crime guns with source states identified in 2014 came from Vermont) is so stark that it creates a significantly misleading impression to the public.""

Sanders called for a national ban on fracking. The Vermont senator released a new ad to highlight his opposition, narrated by actress Susan Sarandon. ""Do Washington politicians side with polluters over families?"" asks Sarandon. ""They sure do, because Big Oil pumps millions into their campaigns. Bernie Sanders is the only candidate for president who opposes fracking everywhere.""

-- Joe Biden said Sanders calling Clinton ""unqualified"" was not sexist but something said in the heat of a campaign. During an interview with Mic.com, the vice president was asked about Sanders’ comment and if he thought Hillary is held to a higher standard because she is a woman. “No, I don’t think she’s held to a higher standard,” he replied.

“This country’s ready for a woman,” Biden elaborated. “There’s no problem. We’re going to be able to elect a woman in this country.”

When the female interviewer asked Biden if he’d like to see a woman elected, a male aide to the VP interrupted from off camera and tried to end the interview. “That’s it,” he said. “I would like to see a woman elected,” Biden said. “I don’t mind,” he told the staffers standing off camera. “The president and I are not going to endorse because we both when we ran said, ‘let the party decide.’ But gosh almighty, they’re both qualified,” he added. “Hillary is overwhelmingly qualified to be president.”

-- “Past cases suggest Hillary won’t be indicted,"" by Politico's Josh Gerstein: A review of dozens of recent federal investigations ""suggests that it’s highly unlikely, but not impossible. The examination … found some parallels to Clinton’s use of a private server for her emails, but, in nearly all instances that were prosecuted, aggravating circumstances [existed] that don’t appear to be present in Clinton’s case. The relatively few cases that drew prosecution almost always involved a deliberate intent to violate classification rules as well as some add-on element … a Boeing engineer who brought home 2000 classified documents and whose travel to Israel raised suspicions; a [NSA] official who removed boxes of classified documents and also lied on a job application form. And former prosecutors, investigators and defense attorneys generally agree that prosecution for classified information breaches is the exception rather than the rule.… 'They always involve some ‘plus’ factor,’ one former federal prosecutor said.”

-- Bill de Blasio intimated in an interview with Katie Couric that his kids are supporting Sanders, even though he’s backing Clinton. “My kids will speak for themselves,” he told the Yahoo anchor, “but I’ll say this much, they’re the kind of young person that is going to fight for change, no matter what. And absolutely will support the Democratic nominee, whoever it is.” (Watch the full interview here.)

-- “Denmark, a social welfare utopia, takes a nasty turn on refugees,” by Griff Witte: ""Lise Ramslog was out for a stroll in Denmark when she stumbled upon hundreds of exhausted asylum seekers. 70-year-old Ramslog instantly decided to help, transporting several refugees to Sweden. Many would consider Ramslog a good Samaritan. But the Danish government has a different term for her: convicted human smuggler. Denmark is celebrated as a social-welfare utopia. Ranking high in its pantheon of heroes are those who protected Jews during the Holocaust, or who helped oppressed during the Cold War. But when it comes to those fleeing 21st-century conflicts, Denmark has gone into overdrive to broadcast hostility … While Germany continues to welcome asylum seekers, and others held doors open for as long as they could, Denmark has taken a hard line almost from the beginning. Now ordinary Danes are getting caught up in the crackdown, punished for quintessentially good deeds. 'I’m proud of what I did and will never regret ... it,' said Ramslog, her eyes welling with tears. 'But I don’t want to be known as a criminal.'""

-- Meet Trump’s “Beltway establishment guy” -- campaign lawyer and former FEC chairman Donald F. McGahn II. By Ben Terris: ""The night Trump notched his first presidential win, he took the stage and lit into special interests that he declared corrupted Washington. Over his shoulder, a ruddy-faced man licked his teeth. He appeared out of place and seemed to know it. McGahn is one of [the country’s] top election lawyers, a job so highly specialized that its practitioners are almost unavoidably ‘Washington insiders’ by definition.... For a while, McGahn's colleagues either didn't know the firm was representing Trump or didn't mind. That changed late last month when McGahn organized a meeting between the candidate and more than a dozen lawmakers at the firm [Jones Day].… Many current employees just about lost their minds.”

Lesson learned: if you tweet to Ernest Moniz about his hair, he might tweet back:

There was a cash bar at Cruz's event in Orange County:

Looks like Shailene Woodley is for Sanders:

The scaffolding keeps coming down around the Capitol dome:

More than 400 arrests were made yesterday at the Capitol in connection with Democracy Spring demonstrations. (Martin Weil)

Former senator Carl Levin now has a ship named after him:

Cindy McCain hung out with Heidi Heitkamp and Cory Booker over the weekend:

The old Washington Post building is almost gone:

-- CBS, “Meet the ‘Trump Bros,’” by Jacqueline Alemany: ""Eighteen-year-old Jack Rowe sat in the front row of a Trump rally sandwiched between friends. Rowe had some thoughts on Trump's rhetorical treatment of women, which had been dominating headlines. 'Misogyny was an issue about maybe 60, 80 years ago,' said Rowe. 'You know, ISIS is chopping off heads … We’ve got bigger fish to fry.' Young men like Rowe are a common sight at Trump rallies: Mostly white, they travel in packs. They are dudes, jocks, preps … On the campaign trail, they’re known simply as 'Trump Bros.' David Portnoy, the founder of Barstool Sports, said Trump's appeal to young men speaks to anxiety over creeping 'political correctness.' 'It's an F-U to society, who is telling us we are a bad guy because we like hooking up with girls on spring break,' he added. And they see Trump sticking up for that. Manas, a young entrepreneur … whose Twitter bio reads 'Bros do Bro Things' and who made a point of checking himself out in his iPhone camera in selfie mode before speaking with a reporter, piped in enthusiastically. 'I love women!' he said. Trump took the stage, and they screamed.""

-- New York Times, “Trump and New York Tabloids Resume Their Elaborate Dance,” by Michael M. Grynbaum: “As newspaper assignments go, this was a delicate one. Fly to Florida. Walk into Trump’s hospital room. Witness the birth of his second daughter. Linda Stasi, a gossip columnist for The Daily News, did as she was told. ‘I called Donald, and he said, ‘You can’t come to the hospital!’’ she recalled 22 years later. ‘I said, I know, but I’m coming anyway.’ ‘O.K.,’ Trump replied. ‘Then come.’ As the presidential spotlight swings to New York … Trump is reuniting with the press corps he knows best, a boisterous tabloid culture that spawned and nurtured [his] outsize Trump personality. It is also the ink-stained caldron in which Trump, over decades, honed the method of media management, cajoling, combating, at times dissembling, that he has unleashed … in this year’s national campaign. Some Americans have been caught off guard by [Trump’s style] but New York’s media veterans detect the old playbook at work. ‘We’ve had that advantage throughout the whole campaign,’ said Daily News editor Jim Rich.”

On the campaign trail: Everyone but Clinton is in New York. Here's the rundown:

At the White House: President Obama speaks at the Belmont-Paul Women's Equality National Monument. In the evening, Vice President Biden speaks at the World FoodProgram USA McGovern-Dole Leadership Award at the Organization of American States.

On Capitol Hill: The Senate meets at 10 a.m. to resume work on the FAA bill. The House meets at 2 p.m. for legislative business. Four suspension votes are expected at 6:30 p.m.

NEWS YOU CAN USE IF YOU LIVE IN D.C.:

-- A damp and cloudy morning followed by sunshine through the rest of the week. “Scattered showers with a few heavier downpours are possible this morning, bringing our early starting temperatures in the 60s back down into the 50s,"" the Capital Weather Gang forecasts. ""Rainfall should be from a tenth to a quarter inch with locally heavier totals. Clouds are slow to depart and hence temperatures slower to warm back up vs. yesterday. We’ll aim for partly sunny skies by mid to late afternoon with afternoon highs in the low-middle 60s.”

-- Police are seeking the killer of a 15-year-old boy who was stabbed to death yesterday at the Deanwood Metro stop in Northeast. No word yet on motive. (Clarence Williams and Peter Hermann)

-- Maryland lawmakers eliminated mandatory minimum sentences for nonviolent drug offenders, marking a major shift to dependency-based treatment and education as alternatives to incarceration. (Ovetta Wiggins, Josh Hicks and Fenit Nirappil)

-- In the final hour of Maryland’s session, legislators passed a “Noah’s law.” The safe-driving bill was named after a slain Montgomery County police officer and expands the use of ignition locks for convicted drunk drivers. (Ovetta Wiggins and Josh Hicks)

-- Terry McAuliffe has now vetoed more legislation than any Virginia governor since 1998, nixing bills from the Republican legislature on hot button issues like gay rights and women's access to health care. (Jenna Portnoy)

-- The latest of those vetoes: McAuliffe blocked a bill that would require the use of the electric chair if Virginia could not obtain lethal injection drugs. The governor instead offered a “secrecy measure” that shields the identity of pharmacies who supplied the drugs. (Laura Vozzella and Mark Berman)

-- A 35-year old Woodbridge woman was accused of stabbing a three-month-old baby with a kitchen knife. (Martin Weil)

-- Police arrested a Metrobus rider in Silver Spring after he began assaulting other passengers and attempted to kick open the bus door. (Faiz Siddiqui)

Excited about baseball season? Watch this kid bust a move on first base:

A rare black rhino was euthanized in Zimbabwe after a poacher attack:

Watch a baby wallaby peek out from his mom's pouch for the first time:

Finally, check out SNL's Clinton impersonators through the years:",1
1328,Why A Vote For An Establishment Candidate Could Be A Vote For Trump In N.H.,"Why A Vote For An Establishment Candidate Could Be A Vote For Trump In N.H.

A lot of Republicans will head to the polls in New Hampshire on Tuesday, motivated to vote against Donald Trump.

But because of a quirk in how the state party allocates delegates and how fractured the ""establishment"" field is, it could mean that an anti-Trump vote will actually be a vote for the New York billionaire.

The state party awards delegates on a proportional basis to presidential candidates based on their vote statewide and by congressional district.

But it also has a 10 percent threshold.

What does that mean? It means that if a candidate does not get 10 percent of the vote, he gets no delegates. (And this is a hard threshold — no rounding.)

What's more, not only do those underperforming candidates get no delegates, but whatever delegates they could have gotten based on their vote share go to the winner of the primary (!).

And, right now, the favorite is Trump.

Trump, after all, has been leading in the polls in New Hampshire by double digits for six straight months.

Meanwhile, the so-called ""establishment"" candidates — the kind of mainstream Republicans that usually prevail in New Hampshire — are split. And after Saturday night's debate, with Marco Rubio's lackluster performance, that establishment vote could be fractured even further.

There are 20 delegates at stake in New Hampshire on primary night. Here's a look at how the candidates are performing in the polls currently, what that could translate to delegate-wise and how the 10 percent threshold could affect things.

According to the RealClearPolitics polling average, here's the order of the candidates (with a line inserted to represent the 10 percent cutoff):

So let's do some math: Everyone below the 10 percent threshold — Bush, Christie, Fiorina and Carson — add up to 22 percent.

So 22 percent of 20 is 4.4. Round down, and that means, roughly, another four delegates would be added to Trump's total.

Instead of a 6-3 delegate win, Trump would get 10. Thought about another way: Some 40 percent of Trump's delegates could be coming from people who cast their votes explicitly in opposition to him — or at least for candidates running very different campaigns.

And, by the way, those delegates are bound to vote for Trump at the Republican National Convention in July, because of changes to the Republican National Committee's rules — that all states that hold their nominating contests before March 15 must award their delegates on a proportional basis, and they must be bound to the candidates.",1
3523,"U.S. is hitting Islamic State 'harder than ever,' Obama says","WASHINGTON — President Obama said Saturday that U.S. air strikes are hitting the Islamic State ""harder than ever"" amid a stepped-up U.S. campaign in Iraq and Syria.

""We’re taking out more of their fighters and leaders, their weapons, their oil tankers,"" Obama said in his weekly radio address Saturday. ""Our special operations forces are on the ground, because we’re going to hunt down these terrorists wherever they try to hide. In recent weeks, our strikes have taken out the ISIL finance chief, a terrorist leader in Somalia and the ISIL leader in Libya.""

Much of the recent effort has been directed at the oil smuggling that is the source of much of the Islamic State's revenue. The National Security Council says coalition airstrikes have destroyed 283 oil trucks, 120 oil storage tanks, and a ""significant amount of oil field infrastructure"" in eastern Syria since Nov. 17.

The weekly radio address, which focused on terrorism for the second week in a row, was a more optimistic assessment of the war on terror than any Obama has given since the Islamic State-inspired Dec. 2 shooting in San Bernardino that killed 14 people. ""Our message to these killers is simple: we will find you, and justice will be done,"" he said.

Obama did not directly address the debate over whether to block Muslims from entering the United States, but instead emphasized that most Americans are reaching out to their Muslim neighbors ""to let them know we’re here for each other.""

""Political leaders across the spectrum — Democrats and Republicans, liberals and conservatives — are standing up, forcefully, for freedom of religion,"" he said. ""That’s the message I hope every Muslim American hears — that we’re all part of the same American family.""

In the Republican radio address, Rep. Will Hurd, R-Texas, said Congress was doing its part by voting to tighten the visa waiver program that allows people to travel to the United States from many European countries without advance approval.

If we get the right information to the right people, we can keep terrorists on the run and off our shores,"" said Hurd, a former CIA agent.

He said the Obama also has to do his part.

""We can’t contain this threat. We have to defeat it. We need a plan and that’s why the House passed a bill that requires the president to come up with a real strategy to defeat ISIS,"" he said. ""We have to be in this for the long haul.""",1
2062,Inside the war on coal,"The war on coal is not just political rhetoric, or a paranoid fantasy concocted by rapacious polluters. It’s real and it’s relentless. Over the past five years, it has killed a coal-fired power plant every 10 days. It has quietly transformed the U.S. electric grid and the global climate debate.

The industry and its supporters use “war on coal” as shorthand for a ferocious assault by a hostile White House, but the real war on coal is not primarily an Obama war, or even a Washington war. It’s a guerrilla war. The front lines are not at the Environmental Protection Agency or the Supreme Court. If you want to see how the fossil fuel that once powered most of the country is being battered by enemy forces, you have to watch state and local hearings where utility commissions and other obscure governing bodies debate individual coal plants. You probably won’t find much drama. You’ll definitely find lawyers from the Sierra Club’s Beyond Coal campaign, the boots on the ground in the war on coal.

Beyond Coal is the most extensive, expensive and effective campaign in the Club’s 123-year history, and maybe the history of the environmental movement. It’s gone largely unnoticed amid the furor over the Keystone pipeline and President Barack Obama’s efforts to regulate carbon, but it’s helped retire more than one third of America’s coal plants since its launch in 2010, one dull hearing at a time. With a vast war chest donated by Michael Bloomberg, unlikely allies from the business world, and a strategy that relies more on economics than ecology, its team of nearly 200 litigators and organizers has won battles in the Midwestern and Appalachian coal belts, in the reddest of red states, in almost every state that burns coal.

“They’re sophisticated, they’re very active, and they’re better funded than we are,” says Mike Duncan, a former Republican National Committee chairman who now heads the industry-backed American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity. “I don’t like what they’re doing; we’re losing a lot of coal in this country. But they do show up.”

Coal still helps keep our lights on, generating nearly 40 percent of U.S. power. But it generated more than 50 percent just over a decade ago, and the big question now is how rapidly its decline will continue. Almost every watt of new generating capacity is coming from natural gas, wind or solar; the coal industry now employs fewer workers than the solar industry, which barely existed in 2010. Utilities no longer even bother to propose new coal plants to replace the old ones they retire. Coal industry stocks are tanking, and analysts are predicting a new wave of coal bankruptcies.

This is a big deal, because coal is America’s top source of greenhouse gases, and coal retirements are the main reason U.S. carbon emissions have declined 10 percent in a decade. Coal is also America’s top source of mercury, sulfur dioxide and other toxic air pollutants, so fewer coal plants also means less asthma and lung disease—not to mention fewer coal-ash spills and coal-mining disasters. The shift toward cleaner-burning gas and zero-emissions renewables is the most important change in our electricity mix in decades, and while Obama has been an ally in the war on coal—not always as aggressive an ally as the industry claims—the Sierra Club is in the trenches. The U.S. had 523 coal-fired power plants when Beyond Coal began targeting them; just last week, it celebrated the 190th retirement of its campaign in Asheville, N.C., culminating a three-year fight that had been featured in the climate documentary “Years of Living Dangerously.” 



 Beyond Coal isn’t the stereotypical Sierra Club campaign, tree-huggers shouting save-the-Earth slogans. Yes, it sometimes deploys its 2.4 million-member, grass-roots army to shutter plants with traditional not-in-my-back-yard organizing and right-to-breathe agitating. But it usually wins by arguing that ditching coal will save ratepayers money.

Behind that argument lies a revolution in the economics of power, changes few Americans think about when they flick their switches. Coal used to be the cheapest form of electricity by far, but it’s gotten pricier as it’s been forced to clean up more of its mess, while the costs of gas, wind and solar have plunged in recent years. Now retrofitting old coal plants with the pollution controls needed to comply with Obama’s limits on soot, sulfur and mercury is becoming cost-prohibitive—and the EPA is finalizing its new carbon rules as well as tougher ozone restrictions that should add to the burden. That’s why the Sierra Club finds itself in foxholes with big-box stores, manufacturers and other business interests, fighting coal upgrades that would jack up electricity bills, pushing for cheaper renewables and energy efficiency instead. In a case I watched in Oklahoma City, every stakeholder supported Beyond Coal’s push for a utility to buy more low-cost wind power—including a coalition of industrial customers that reportedly included a Koch Industries-owned paper mill.

“They’re not burning bras. They’re fighting dollar to dollar,” says attorney Jim Roth, who represented a group of hospitals on Beyond Coal’s side in the Oklahoma case. “They’ve become masters at bringing financial arguments to environmental questions.”

As the affordability case for coal has lost traction, the industry’s defenders have portrayed the war on coal as a war on reliability, an assault on 24-hour “baseload” plants that provide juice when the sun isn’t shining and the wind isn’t blowing. They ask how the Sierra Club expects America to run its refrigerators around the clock—since it also opposes nuclear power and has a separate Beyond Gas campaign. Duncan’s group started a Twitter meme warning that Americans could end up #ColdInTheDark, and even Bloomberg suggested to me in a recent interview that the Club’s leaders seem to want Americans to wear loincloths and live in caves.

In fact, neither the decline of coal, nor the boom in renewables has blacked out the grid, and Beyond Coal’s leaders are confident electricity markets can handle much more intermittent power. In any case, they see coal as the lowest-hanging fruit in the struggle to stabilize the climate, not only our dirtiest fossil fuel but the one with the cheapest alternatives. In the long run, combating global warming will depend on a multitude of factors, from electric vehicles to carbon releases from deforestation to methane releases from belching cows, but for the next decade, our climate progress depends mostly on reducing our reliance on the black stuff. Coal retirements have enabled Obama to pledge U.S. emissions cuts of up to 28 percent by 2025, which has, in turn, enabled him to strike a climate deal with China and pursue a global deal later this year in Paris.

“We’ve found the secret sauce to making progress in unlikely places,” says Bruce Nilles, who leads Beyond Coal from the Club’s San Francisco headquarters. “And every time we beat the coal boys, people say: ‘Whoa. It can be done.’”



 The Sierra Club can’t claim full credit for the coal bust. It didn’t ratchet down the prices of gas, wind and solar or enact the flurry of EPA rules ratcheting up the price of coal, although its lobbyists and lawyers have pushed hard for government support for renewables while fighting in court over just about every coal-related regulation. It didn’t produce the energy efficiency boom that has reined in electricity demand, either. Still, a Bloomberg Philanthropies analysis found that at least 40 percent of U.S. coal retirements could not have happened without Beyond Coal’s advocacy. The status quo wields a lot of power in the heavily regulated power sector, where economics and mathematics don’t always beat politics and inertia. The case for change keeps getting stronger, but someone has to make the case.

When Mary Anne Hitt, Beyond Coal’s national director, first visited Indianapolis to fight an inner-city plant, the headline in the Star was: “Beyond Coal’s Director Faces Tough Sell in Indiana.” But after two years of door-knocking, phone-banking and educating officials on the new realities of electricity, the Sierra Club and its local partners helped shut down the plant. Hitt has seen the same kind of miracle in Chicago, in Omaha, alongside a Paiute tribe reservation in Nevada, even in coal strongholds like Kentucky. It’s starting to feel more like a pattern than a miracle.

“David is fighting Goliath every day, and David keeps winning,” Hitt says.

Energy analysts have a way of making Goliath’s new underdog status seem inevitable. Then again, it wasn’t long ago that their burning question about the U.S. coal industry was not how fast it would go away, but how fast it would grow.

The story of coal is a rich vein in the American story, powering our industry, our railroads, our politics. For decades, the work of extracting coal after millions of years underground—so dangerous for some, so lucrative for others—was seen as God’s work. The alchemy of converting coal into valuable energy was seen as a fulfillment of America’s destiny to exploit nature for the benefit of mankind, even as the smog spewing out of coal smokestacks was seen as part of the dystopia of urban life.

These days, growing concerns about climate have heightened concerns about coal, which produces 75 percent of the power sector’s carbon, and more emissions than all our cars and trucks combined. But even at the dawn of the 21st century, the George W. Bush administration’s main concern about coal power and fossil energy in general was that the U.S. wasn’t producing enough of it. In 2001, an energy task force led by Dick Cheney, after a series of secret meetings with fossil-fuel executives, called for a new power-plant construction boom, warning that the alternative was a national reprise of the rolling blackouts that had just roiled California. Utilities quickly proposed about 200 new coal plants, and faced no organized national opposition. Coal plants have a useful lifespan of at least 40 years, so the U.S. was poised to lock in a new generation of dirty power. And all that new capacity was poised to destroy any incentive to develop clean wind or solar power.

That’s when the Sierra Club got into its first big coal fight over a proposed billion-dollar plant south of Chicago, a welcome-to-the-NFL episode. The Chicago area already had poor air quality—the coal plants around the Loop were known as the Ring of Fire—and local volunteers, led by an indefatigable German immigrant named Verena Owen, were desperate to block the project. Their cause seemed hopeless, but for Owen, who is now Beyond Coal’s lead volunteer, it was personal. Her best friend had struggled to breathe whenever the air was hazy and eventually died of lung disease, leaving behind a daughter in kindergarten. “I don’t know how many people we ended up saving, but I know one we didn’t,” Owen says.

The first time Nilles, at the time a lawyer for the Sierra Club’s Midwest office in Chicago, tried to attend a hearing about the plant, union members who supported the project came early and packed the hall while the Club was holding a news conference. Illinois regulators soon rubber-stamped the permit. Owen and Nilles can still recite the date and time of the news dump: Friday, Oct. 10, 2003, at 5:10 p.m., so the bureaucrats could ignore their calls and escape for the weekend. And the industry had an even easier time of it elsewhere. Nilles later reviewed the record for another billion-dollar plant that broke ground in Iowa about the same time, and discovered there hadn’t been a single public comment in opposition.

“Everything was going full speed in the wrong direction, and we had no capacity to fight,” he says. “We realized we needed a strategy. Fast.”

The strategy that Nilles devised was to fight every new plant from every conceivable environmental, economic and political angle. The Sierra Club began organizing boot camps to teach lawyers and volunteers around the region how to block coal permits. Demand for the seminars was so intense that, at one point, Nilles’ boss had to remind him that Texas was not part of the Midwest. But he figured Texans who breathed air and drank water had as much to lose from exposure to coal-fired pollutants as Midwesterners had. Some of the Club’s funders thought his fight-everything-everywhere approach was unrealistic during a national coal rush, but every proposed plant was in someone’s backyard, and the Club had members in every corner of the country. Nilles couldn’t imagine telling any of them their communities would have to be sacrificed for the greater tactical good.

Environmentalists have always been good at blocking stuff, and over the next few years, the kitchen-sink strategy produced some improbable victories. Nilles exploited threats to an endangered clover to delay the Chicago-area plant, and the utility eventually abandoned it. A local Sierra Club chapter stopped a massive plant in Kentucky coal country after a 63-day hearing, convincing regulators that the proposal had inadequate pollution controls, and that adequate controls would be exorbitant for ratepayers. These were shoestring crusades with expert witnesses crashing on the couches of volunteers, but the victories felt contagious, spreading hope to activists in other states who read about them on the Club’s coal listserv.

Meanwhile, the Sierra Club was canvassing its members to develop a new long-term strategic plan. To the surprise of then-Director Carl Pope, they overwhelmingly wanted climate and energy to be the top priority, a major shift for a group that had emphasized wilderness conservation since its creation by the legendary outdoorsman John Muir. At a meeting in Tucson in early 2006, the Club’s board voted to build the fledgling Midwestern anti-coal effort into a national campaign. Climate activists are often accused of wasting energy on symbolic movement-building efforts with relatively limited impact on emissions, like their crusades to stop Keystone and get universities to divest from fossil fuels. Beyond Coal’s leaders do oppose the pipeline and support the divestment movement, but the rationale for the campaign was all about hunting where the ducks are.

“It was existential necessity: Look how many coal plants they want to build. Look how much carbon they’d produce. Well, it’s game over if we don’t stop them,” Pope recalls. “If we were going to focus on climate, we had to focus on coal.”

In a bow to political realism, the initial goal was to make sure coal was “mined responsibly, burned cleanly and disposed of safely.” But the campaigners didn’t really believe coal could be burned cleanly. The original mouthful of a mission soon evolved to “Move Beyond Coal,” then just “Beyond Coal.” It was a much simpler message, helping to unite a variety of activists—working for specific neighborhoods, Indian tribes, mountains targeted by mining outfits, public health, environmental justice, clean energy, and the climate—against a common enemy. The Sierra Club would be the one constant presence in the war on coal, but it began partnering with more than 100 local, regional and national groups in its battles around the country.

The campaign was remarkably successful. Nilles and his team scoured every permit application for vulnerabilities and managed to block all but 30 of the 200 plants proposed in the Bush era. The nice thing about fighting new plants was that they didn’t exist yet, so it only took one deal breaker—too much smog in a high-smog area, too close to a national park, too expensive for ratepayers, whatever—to break a deal. Some of the plants that did get built still haunt Nilles, but those defeats did not doom the decarbonization of America. The game was not over.

By 2008, with the economy crashing and power demand slumping, utilities had stopped pushing new coal plants. That’s when Nilles began plotting to go after old ones—an even tougher challenge, but a vital one to avoid the game-over scenario. He had moved to the liberal college town of Madison, and he was amazed that an old coal plant a mile from his home still had no pollution controls; it was way dirtier than the new plants he was fighting around the country. The nation’s fleet of existing coal plants was still emitting nearly 2 billion tons of carbon and causing an estimated 13,000 premature deaths every year. It felt good to stop projects that would have increased those numbers, but Nilles wanted to use the Club’s newfound expertise to reduce them.

“It’s a lot easier to throw ourselves in front of bulldozers to stop something than it is to shut something down that’s already part of the community, paying taxes, generating power, providing jobs,” Nilles says. “But that’s where the emissions are.”

That was also the year Obama won the presidency, creating hope for stricter EPA regulation of sulfur, soot and ozone, plus the first-ever regulations of mercury, coal ash and carbon. As difficult as it would be to kill plants that had been operating for decades—two-thirds of the coal fleet predated the Clean Air Act of 1970—Nilles thought the combination of top-down rules from Washington and bottom-up pressure at state and local hearings could force utilities to confront investment decisions they had been delaying all those decades. Most utilities would need approval from their financial and environmental regulators before they could install expensive pollution controls. And while the utilities might be happy to charge their customers tens of millions of dollars for upgrades in order to comply with one new rule—plus a tidy profit they’re usually guaranteed for capital improvements—utility commissions might not let them start down that road if they faced hundreds of millions of dollars in additional compliance costs from rules still to come.

Once again, the campaign produced some inspiring early wins, including the retirement of that antiquated plant near Nilles in Madison. He also filed a lawsuit against his alma mater, the University of Wisconsin, to get it off coal. The Club quickly found that when it could stop investor-owned utilities from getting a blank check to charge ratepayers for coal upgrades, they would usually shut down the plants rather than risk shareholder dollars. That was even true in coal country, where homeowners, businesses and regulators were just as allergic to pricey upgrades—and utilities were just as reluctant to foot the bill themselves. As Nilles’ new deputy, Hitt, a West Virginia activist who had spent years trying to stop mining companies from blowing up mountains in Appalachia, found she could do more to protect the mountains by shutting down the plants that used their coal.

Beyond Coal had grown from three staffers to a 15-state operation, but it still lacked the scale to fight 523 plants all over the country. It needed to get a lot bigger. That’s when the combative billionaire who has financed his own wars on guns, tobacco and Big Gulps took an interest in the war on coal.

Beyond Coal’s pivotal moment came at a meeting in Gracie Mansion about, of all things, education reform. Michael Bloomberg, the Wall Street savant-turned media mogul-turned New York City mayor, was looking for a new outlet for his private philanthropy. It quickly became clear that education reform would not be that outlet.

“It was a terrible meeting in every way, and Mike was angry,” recalls his longtime adviser, Kevin Sheekey. “I said: ‘Look, if you don’t like this idea, that’s fine. We’ll bring you another.’ He said: ‘No, I want another now.’”

As it happened, Sheekey had just eaten lunch with Carl Pope, who was starting a $50 million fundraising drive to expand Beyond Coal’s staff to 45 states. The cap-and-trade plan that Obama supported to cut carbon emissions had stalled in Congress, and the carbon tax that Bloomberg supported was going nowhere as well. Washington was gridlocked. But Pope had explained to Sheekey that shutting down coal plants at the state and local level could do even more for the climate—and have a huge impact on public health issues close to his boss’s heart.

“That’s a good idea,” Bloomberg told Sheekey. “We’ll just give Carl a check for the $50 million. Tell him to stop fundraising and get to work.”

Bloomberg had never thought of himself as a Sierra Club kind of guy. But he saw coal as a killer, as well as the main threat to the climate, and the Club was in the field doing something about it. His only demand was a more analytical approach to the war on coal, with measurable deliverables, complex predictive models for vulnerable plants, and KPI—Key Performance Indicators, as Pope later learned.

“The Sierra Club had never heard of KPI,” Pope says. “We just had a gut instinct for what would work. The mayor said: ‘Oh, no, no. This will be data-driven.’”

On a sweltering day in July 2011, Bloomberg announced his gift to the Club on a boat he had chartered on the Potomac River, in front of a 63-year-old coal plant he had always noticed on flights into Washington. He saw it as a perfect illustration of the city’s inability to get anything done.

“You’d think the politicians would at least care about the air they breathe themselves!” Bloomberg marveled to me in a recent interview.

That plant on the Potomac is now closed. So is the Massachusetts plant that Mitt Romney once said “kills people,” a line Obama actually used against him in coal-state campaign ads in 2012. So are all of Chicago’s plants, as Mayor Rahm Emanuel boasted in his first campaign ad in 2015. Overall, the 190 plants that U.S. utilities have agreed to retire will eliminate about one fourth of America’s coal-fired capacity, a total of 79 gigawatts. And for every watt of coal capacity they’re taking out of commission, they’ve already installed a watt of wind or solar capacity. The Clean Air Task Force estimate of coal-fired premature deaths is down to about 7,500 a year, a decrease of 5,500 since Beyond Coal went national. And Bloomberg’s early support has helped attract more than $100 million from top foundations and wealthy individuals like the Silicon Valley billionaire Tom Steyer, the climate movement’s top political donor.

“It’s a reminder that you can do a lot with no help from Congress,” Bloomberg says. “I just wish we could point out the specific people who were saved.”

To coal backers, Beyond Coal is pure urban elitist lunacy, the kind of nightmare you get when a nanny-state mayor from New York hooks up with eco-radicals from San Francisco and a liberal president in Washington. Republican Senator James Inhofe of Oklahoma—chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, author of “The Greatest Hoax,” thrower of a Senate-floor snowball designed to highlight the folly of global-warming alarmism—told me it’s hard to believe some Americans actually want to keep our abundant energy resources in the ground.

“It’s a war on all fossil fuels, and coal is the No. 1 target,” Inhofe says. “You got a president who doesn’t care how many jobs it costs, and rich people who don’t care how much money they spend. They can do a lot of damage.”

I got to watch the war in Inhofe’s state, and the damage wasn’t getting done the way Inhofe imagined. The job creators were siding with the environmentalists. Economics was the most powerful weapon in the Sierra Club’s arsenal.

At a dry hearing in a drab courtroom in Oklahoma City, a methodical Beyond Coal attorney named Kristin Henry, whose bio identifies her as “one of the few environmentalists who would never be caught wearing Birkenstocks,” was pinning down an Oklahoma Gas & Electric executive with a barrage of wouldn’t-you-agrees, isn’t-it-trues, and would-it-be-fair-to-say’s. The power company was out of compliance with a federal air-quality rule called “regional haze,” so it was offering to convert one of its two coal plants into a natural gas plant. Henry knew she couldn’t stop that. But OG&E also wanted to install massive new scrubbers on the other plant so it could keep burning coal for decades to come. Henry was determined to stop that.

In the 90 minutes Henry spent cross-examining OG&E’s Joseph Rowlett in early March, she didn’t ask a single question about climate or public health. She focused exclusively on OG&E’s request for the largest rate increase in state history, a 15 percent hike to finance the utility’s $700 million compliance plan. Through her deadpan, leading questions, she portrayed OG&E as a company desperate to get its customers to foot the bill to prop up an inefficient plant, pursuing retrofits it would never consider if its own shareholders had to swallow the costs, operating in a dream world where regional haze was coal’s only challenge. At one point, she got Rowlett to admit his calculations assumed there would be no additional coal regulations for the next thirty years, even though the EPA intends to finalize at least four new coal regulations this year alone.

“Isn’t it true you’re assuming zero over the next 30 years?” Henry asked.

The Sierra Club, even though it didn’t sound much like the Sierra Club, was clearly in hostile political territory. Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, a conservative Republican who has spearheaded a national campaign to protect fossil fuels from legal challenges, had joined OG&E in fighting the EPA haze rule all the way to the Supreme Court. Now he was supposed to be representing consumers at the OG&E hearing before the Oklahoma Corporation Commission, but he hadn’t even filed a brief about the record rate hike. “That’s unheard of,” one commission official told me. Pruitt didn’t attend the hearing, either—the day it began, he was in Tulsa with Mike Huckabee raising money for his PAC—but one of his deputies who did attend occasionally raised objections when OG&E witnesses were asked uncomfortable questions.

But if the political deck seemed stacked against the Sierra Club, Henry held the economic cards. In Oklahoma, coal imported from Wyoming now costs more per kilowatt hour than the abundant gas under the ground or the wind that famously comes sweeping down the plain. In another recent haze case, the Sierra Club cut a deal requiring Oklahoma’s other major utility to phase out its only coal plant and buy 200 megawatts of wind—and the bids came in so low, the utility ended up buying 600 megawatts of wind. That’s why Wal-Mart, the hospital group and the coalition of industrial ratepayers all supported Beyond Coal’s push for more wind in the OG&E case. Cheap electricity has a way of scrambling political alliances.

Henry and the lawyers for OG&E’s corporate customers formed a kind of tag team, taking turns blasting the company for refusing to even study new wind power. They repeatedly pointed out that in-state competitors as well as Florida and New Mexico utilities were buying Oklahoma wind for just 2 cents per kilowatt hour, even cheaper than coal without pollution controls, while OG&E hadn’t purchased new wind in four years—even though its ads boasted about its commitment to wind. When its witnesses claimed their transmission lines were too congested to add new wind, Henry produced internal documents suggesting the congestion could be fixed for about 3 percent of the cost of the new coal scrubbers. As she pointed out, other Oklahoma utilities have much higher percentages of wind power on their systems.

Closing coal plants can sound radical, but Henry framed it for the Republican utility commissioners as the conservative response to EPA rules, avoiding the risk of “stranded” investments in outdated plants that might have to be shut down anyway. The most economical way to meet haze limits, she suggested, would be to stop burning the coal that causes the haze. Al Armendariz, who was Obama’s Dallas-based regional EPA administrator and is now Beyond Coal’s Austin-based regional representative, says the Club’s victories in states like Georgia, Mississippi and Kentucky have helped normalize the idea of abandoning coal in Oklahoma.

“We get respect because of our track record,” Armendariz says. “When we say a utility isn’t acting prudently, people can’t just dismiss us as ‘Oh, of course the Sierra Club says that.’ They see how we keep winning. They see these big industrial customers agreeing with us. Then they look at the numbers and see we’re right.”

Still, there’s no denying the war on coal is leading America into uncharted territory. The Sierra Club wants to eliminate all coal power by 2030, but what will replace it? Wind and solar, despite their rapid Obama-era growth, still make up just 5 percent of U.S. power capacity. And while technologies to store renewable energy (such as Tesla’s newly announced battery packs) are getting cheaper, they’re still a rounding error on the grid. Beyond Coal’s leaders are content to push cleaner power and let utilities figure out how to deliver it, but as OG&E Vice President Paul Renfrow told me: “That’s easy for them to say. We have to keep the lights on.”

Inhofe thinks the Sierra Club is simply obsessed with rooting out fossil fuels, citing “the guy who wants to crucify people” as an example of its extremism. He meant Armendariz, who left the EPA after he was caught on tape suggesting that harsh sanctions for law-breaking oil and gas companies could scare others into compliance, just as public crucifixions helped keep the peace in Roman times.

“The Sierra Club wants to stop coal now?” Inhofe asked. “You’ll see, they’ll be after gas next.”

Long-term, he’s right.  While the Club accepted some donations from natural gas interests under Pope, it is now formally committed to eliminating gas as well as coal by 2030, and it has helped block new gas plants in cities like Austin and Carlsbad, California. After its victory last week in Asheville, Beyond Coal vowed to keep fighting to overturn Duke Energy’s decision to build a new gas plant to replace its 50-year-old coal plant. Even Bloomberg thinks the Club’s opposition to the fracking boom that has helped replace so much domestic coal with domestic gas is silly.

That said, Beyond Coal’s leaders, including Armendariz, understand that Beyond Gas is more aspirational than practical for now. They deeply prefer renewables to gas, but they almost as deeply prefer gas to coal. In Oklahoma City, Henry grilled OG&E witnesses about why they wanted to spend $500 million on scrubbers for coal boilers that could be retrofitted to burn gas for just $70 million. She shredded the implausible assumptions OG&E had made in its economic models to make scrubbing coal look cheaper than converting to gas, forcing one witness to admit gas prices were already 25 percent lower than his low-cost scenario. I sat in on one friendly lunch the Club’s legal team had with lawyers for a Conoco Phillips front group; they all hoped to move OG&E beyond coal, and gas is clearly part of the short-term solution.

“We want to be principled but pragmatic,” says Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune, who stopped the Club’s gas-industry gifts when he took over in 2010. “We’ve wrestled with this, and there’s a definite disagreement with Bloomberg. We don’t see gas as an environmental fix. But we acknowledge that we still need some gas.”

Coal is different. Bloomberg calls it “a dead man walking.” When he made his initial gift to the Sierra Club, the goal was to secure the retirements of one third of the coal fleet by 2015. The Club is only slightly behind schedule, and in April, Bloomberg came to Washington to announce another $30 million donation, with a new goal of retirement announcements for half of the fleet by 2017.  “We’re doubling down on an incredibly successful strategy,” Bloomberg said.

The campaign’s leaders believe coal has already passed a tipping point toward oblivion. Coal giants like Alpha Natural Resources, Arch Coal and Walter Energy are struggling to stay afloat. Just last week, in addition to the retirement announcement for the Asheville plant—as well as another for a Milwaukee plant that wasn’t official enough for Beyond Coal to count as #191—the insurance giant AXA announced that it will sell off more than $500 million worth of coal investments, the largest financial institution to flee the space to date, while the EPA announced it was closing a loophole that allowed virtually unlimited emissions from malfunctioning coal plants, a response to yet another Sierra Club lawsuit. And the more dirty plants get shut down, the more residents near other dirty plants are asking: Why not ours?

It’s hard to change the status quo, no matter how compelling the economic logic. Beyond Coal does not just deploy data. It organizes rallies and petitions and float-ins on kayaks; it shames utility executives on billboards and airplane banners; it mobilizes its members to show up at boring hearings where showing up can make a difference. If the Oklahoma City case displayed the war on coal as a numerical dispute, another hearing I watched south of Detroit was more like a street fight.

River Rouge is a depressed community at the city’s edge, a blightscape of boarded-up bungalows, overgrown lots and pawn shops. There’s no grocery store and virtually no medical services, but there is a nice little park where kids play at the playground and adults fish in the Detroit River. Unfortunately, the park smells like rotten eggs, thanks to sulfur dioxide from a DTE Energy coal plant overlooking the playground. Michigan health officials have called this area “the epicenter of the state’s asthma burden.” The fish aren’t safe to eat, either, though people eat them.

“It’s just an unhealthy situation,” says Alisha Winters, a local resident and mother of seven children, two with asthma. “They figure they can get away with dumping on us.”

The EPA has called out this area’s elevated sulfur dioxide levels, and last year Republican Governor Rick Snyder’s administration floated a compliance plan that would have required DTE to upgrade the coal-fired River Rouge Power Plant or (more likely) close it. But DTE proposed an alternative plan with no costly upgrades, and the state quietly accepted it. The Sierra Club has been mobilizing opposition ever since, drawing an unusual coalition of local whites, African-Americans, Latinos and Arab-Americans—as well as a busload of white liberals from Ann Arbor—for an environmental hearing in mid-March. The hearing had to be moved from City Hall to a school auditorium to accommodate the groundswell of protests, a far cry from that Chicago-area hearing over a decade ago where the Sierra Club got frozen out.

“We’re getting people to cross borders, physical and imaginary,” says Rhonda Anderson, a sharecropper’s daughter who is now an organizer for Beyond Coal.

If the Oklahoma City hearing was financial, the River Rouge hearing was political, a multiracial show of force in “I Love Clean Air” T-shirts. Every speaker opposed the DTE plan, including an Indian-American medical student, an Arab-American law student, an African-American asthma educator, a Latina anti-poverty activist and a white nun. Ebony Elmore, a child care provider who lives a block from the plant, talked about her four siblings and three nieces with asthma, as well as her two parents with pulmonary disease. I happened to ask Democratic Rep. Debbie Dingell, who was watching the testimony from the side of the hall, why she was there, just as another resident started telling a story about an 11-year-old local girl who died because she couldn’t get to her inhaler in time.

A few days later, Governor Snyder—whose top campaign supporters included one Michael Bloomberg—announced a new effort to cut Michigan’s reliance on coal. That would have been a huge political burden for Snyder if he had run for president in a GOP primary, where “anti-coal” will be an epithet like “anti-gun” or “anti-freedom,” but he decided not to run, and coal is becoming a huge economic burden for his industrial state.

The already frenetic national pace of plant retirements will have to double for Beyond Coal to meet its 2017 goal, but utilities will face daunting investment decisions over the next two years. The EPA recently settled a sulfur lawsuit with the Sierra Club that could replicate the River Rouge dilemma across the nation. The agency has also imposed regional haze plans that already are replicating the Oklahoma dilemma in Arizona, Arkansas and Texas. Today, Beyond Coal has more than 100 legal cases pending over power supply. Meanwhile, it’s pursuing a new strategy on the power demand side, pushing blue states like Oregon to stop importing coal-fired electricity, which could shutter plants in red states like Montana. Even inside Texas, the Club has worked with relatively progressive cities like Austin, San Antonio and El Paso to replace their coal power with renewables.

Beyond Coal is also continuing to lobby and litigate in Washington, pushing Obama to drop his “all-of-the-above” approach to energy and formally enlist in the war on coal. Obama has not been as maniacally anti-coal as the industry suggests, punting on ozone rules in his first term to avoid alienating voters in Ohio, issuing relatively weak restrictions on coal ash, taking a lenient approach to mining on public land, floating carbon rules with mild targets for the most coal-reliant states. Still, when you add up all he’s done and all he’s doing, you get a tremendously uncertain regulatory environment. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky—whose wife, Elaine Chao, recently quit the Bloomberg Philanthropies board over coal—has urged states to defy the Clean Power Plan, but utilities with fiduciary responsibilities don’t engage in much civil disobedience. They have already shut down dozens of plants to comply with mercury rules the Supreme Court could still strike down, and they’re starting to think about carbon, too.

Some coal advocates still hold out hope that the decline can be reversed if Republicans can win the presidency and keep Congress. “We’ve got a Congress that’s sympathetic, but we’ve still got a bureaucracy running amok,” says Mike Duncan, the RNC chairman-turned-coal advocate. “That will play in 2016. Obviously, anytime you elect a leader, it’s important to this industry.”

If the EPA stands down under the next president, the pace of retirements could slow. But it probably won’t stop. The trends are too strong. Nilles recently met with leaders of the utility Southern Company, which has slashed its dependence on coal in half over the past five years. Its executives rejected his vision of a coal-free America by 2030, but some of them suggested 2050 could be realistic. In any case, the Sierra Club won a lot of coal fights during the pro-coal Bush administration, because they were ultimately local fights over local air.

The fights also have a global context. The Earth is already getting hotter, and the death of American coal would not avert a climate catastrophe if the rest of the world did not follow our lead. But the decline of American coal emissions will help U.S. negotiators insist that other countries do their part in the global negotiations in Paris. And while critics of climate action often grumble that it would be foolish for the U.S. to make sacrifices when China is still building a new coal plant every week, that’s no longer true. China actually decreased its coal use last year, and is shuttering all four plants in smog-shrouded Beijing. The trends killing coal in America—cheap gas, wind and solar; more energy efficiency; stricter regulations—are trending abroad as well. Cash-strapped U.S. mining firms are desperate to solve their domestic problems by selling more coal in foreign markets, but the Sierra Club has helped lead the fight to block six proposed coal export terminals in the Pacific Northwest, which will help keep even more coal in the ground.

There will be no formal surrender in the war on coal, no battleship treaty to mark the end. But Beyond Coal’s leaders believe they can finish most of their work setting the U.S. electric sector on a greener path over the next five years. The next phase of the war on carbon would be to try to electrify everything else—cars and trains that use oil-derived gasoline and diesel, as well as homes and businesses that rely on natural gas and heating oil. Nilles hopes power companies like OG&E and DTE that Beyond Coal has spent the last decade fighting with—but then cutting deals with—can become allies in Phase Two. And allies will be vital, because if King Coal seems like a rich and powerful enemy, it’s a pushover compared to Big Oil.

“Once we’ve taken out coal, we’ll need to take on oil, and who better to help than our new friends in the utility sector who can make money from electrification?” Nilles says with a grin. “It’s a long fight. This is how we win.”

",1
3115,Pope Francis delivers message of 'hope and healing' in address to Congress,"Pope Francis, in the first-ever papal address to a Joint Meeting of Congress, delivered a simple but passionate plea for humanity -- urging lawmakers to protect ""every human life"" and calling for a united response of ""hope and healing, of peace and justice"" for a world racked by violence and unrest.

Speaking at the center of American power Thursday morning, the pontiff tackled urgent topics spanning immigration, family, the death penalty, climate change, extremism, religious freedom and the refugee crisis. Specifically, he joined American bishops in urging the abolition of capital punishment, and said Congress has a ""role to play"" in addressing global warming.

But he also issued a broader and more fundamental appeal, saying lawmakers are tasked with pursuing the ""common good,"" and citing the ""Golden Rule"" as a starting point for how countries should respond to all these challenges.

""The rule points us in a clear direction,"" he said, after receiving loud applause and a standing ovation.

Francis cited the ""Golden Rule"" while discussing immigration and the refugee crisis and in making a reference to abortion, a subtle theme during the address.

""The Golden Rule also reminds us of our responsibility to protect and defend human life at every stage of its development,"" he said, after earlier urging policymakers to use the law to protect ""the image and likeness fashioned by God on every human life."" Touching on the marriage debate, Francis also said he's concerned about ""the family,"" and said ""fundamental relationships are being called into question, as is the very basis of marriage and the family.""

Looking beyond social issues, though, the pope bluntly addressed religious violence and the refugee crisis that has resulted. While urging the world to safeguard religious freedom, he warned Thursday of rising ""fundamentalism"" of all kinds.

""Our world is facing a refugee crisis of a magnitude not seen since the Second World War,"" the pope said, while referencing immigration to the U.S. as well. ""... We must not be taken aback by their numbers, but rather view them as persons, seeing their faces and listening to their stories, trying to respond as best we can to their situation. To respond in a way which is always humane, just and fraternal. We need to avoid a common temptation nowadays: to discard whatever proves troublesome.""

After speaking in the House chamber, Francis visited the Capitol's Statuary Hall and its statue of Father Junipero Serra, the 18th-century missionary whom Francis elevated to sainthood Wednesday in the first canonization on U.S. soil. He then briefly stepped out onto a Capitol balcony to address the cheering crowds on the West Front.

""Thank you very much, and God bless America,"" he said in English to the crowd, and waved.

Even in a chamber accustomed to receiving foreign dignitaries, the pontiff's historic address stirred an energy and enthusiasm rarely seen at the Capitol, with huge crowds showing up outside to catch a glimpse of him and some lawmakers inside showing up early for a good spot -- despite a warning from leaders to refrain from trying to shake the pope's hand.

Several lawmakers, including House Speaker John Boehner, were visibly emotional during the pope's visit and address. Boehner also met briefly with the pope before he took the podium. The House chamber was packed with Supreme Court justices, Cabinet officials, diplomats, lawmakers and their guests.

During his address, the pope said, ""Our efforts must aim at restoring hope, righting wrongs, maintaining commitments, and thus promoting the well-being of individuals and of peoples.""

Francis also declared during the address that he sides with U.S. bishops calling for the abolition of the death penalty, saying he believes in ""rehabilitation."" The pontiff who has been outspoken on the issue of climate change also said the ""environmental challenge we are undergoing and its human roots concern and affect us all."" He said the U.S. and Congress ""have an important role to play.""

Some of his strongest remarks, toward the end of his address, concerned the arms trade. ""Why are deadly weapons being sold to those who plan to inflict untold suffering?"" he asked. ""Sadly, the answer ... is simply for money, money that is drenched in blood."" He said ""it is our duty to confront the problem and to stop the arms trade.""

The address was one of the pope's last engagements in Washington before leaving for New York on his three-city visit to America that also includes Philadelphia.

He spoke at the dais where the president delivers the annual State of the Union address and monarchs and heads of state have addressed Congress. Behind sat Vice President Joe Biden and Boehner, R-Ohio, the first and second in line to the presidency, both Catholics.

Ahead of Francis' remarks lawmakers of both parties busily sought political advantage from his stances, with Democrats in particular delighting in his support for action to overhaul immigration laws and combat global warming and income inequality. One House Republican back-bencher announced plans to boycott the speech over Francis' activist position on climate change, which the pontiff renewed alongside President Obama on Wednesday.

But Boehner, a former altar boy who invited Francis to speak after trying unsuccessfully to bring his two immediate predecessors, John Paul II and Benedict XVI, to the Capitol, has dismissed concerns that the politically engaged Francis would stir the controversies of the day.

""The pope transcends all of this,"" Boehner said.

For Congress and Boehner, the pope arrives at a moment of particular turmoil, with a partial government shutdown looming next week unless lawmakers can resolve a dispute over funding for Planned Parenthood related to the group's practice of providing fetal tissue for research. For members of Congress, his visit may prove little more than a brief respite from their partisan warfare, offering moments of unusual solemnity, uplift and pomp, but without fundamentally shifting the intractable gears of the U.S. political system.

After visiting St. Patrick's Catholic Church and the Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Washington, the pope will depart later Thursday for New York for more prayer services and a speech to the United Nations.

Separately, Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, who is battling cancer, said he received a blessing from the pope Thursday. The blessing reportedly was given during the event at the Catholic Charities of Washington.

""It was an incredible honor to meet His Holiness Pope Francis today in Washington and receive his blessings on behalf of all cancer patients,"" Hogan wrote on Facebook. ""My faith, like the faith of countless other patients like me, gives me strength to defeat this disease, and continue to be the best public steward I can be for the people of this great state.""

Fox News' Chad Pergram and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
141,Stop poisoning the race debate: How “respectability politics” rears its ugly head — again,"Indeed this movement has its fair share of skeptics, including Black folks quick to declare the movement dead on arrival. When I listen to these people, I can never quite detect whether they are being descriptive or prescriptive, but frequently I’m convinced it’s the latter.

There is also a more insidious kind of participant in the movement, the moderate Black folks, the Respectables, I call them, who still believe that our energies should be spent demonstrating to white people that Black people can be self-critical. One such person is Jonathan Capehart. In a recent column for the Washington Post, Capehart argues, on the heels of the release of the official Department of Justice report on the shooting of Michael Brown, that Brown is an “inappropriate symbol” for this new, burgeoning movement. The DOJ report does ultimately back Wilson’s recounting of events, that Brown reached into his car, punched him, tried to take his gun, ran after being shot, and then turned around and came forward. Thus Capehart concludes that:

I get Capehart’s play. He ostensibly believes in the rightness of the Black Lives Matter movement, and he hopes that if as a Black person, he acknowledges that “we” were wrong in our assumptions about Mike Brown’s innocence, then he, and by extension “we,” will retain the moral high ground upon which the movement is built. Our claims will be more credible to “reasonable” white people, who want to believe us, but can’t because of their innate disposition toward believing that nothing is racist, unless the N-word is used.

Moderate Black people – Barack Obama included – continue to believe that the way to bring white people into the anti-racist fold is by conceding some ground in order to gain more ground. It’s an old debate tactic, but it only works if everyone plays fair. There are two problems with this. First, those with racial privilege generally don’t play fair in racial discussions.  More than that, they play downright dirty, denying the persistence of racism, trotting out erroneous statistics, blaming Black behavior for white racism. The Ferguson Police Department, for example, has conceded nothing even after being found guilty of decades of egregious, consistent and systematic violations of the rights of Ferguson’s Black citizens. Second, Capehart implicitly concedes that it is Black people who must prove that incidents are racially inflected, rather than white people who must prove that they are not. Since we now know for a fact that Darren Wilson policed in a racially hostile city and police department, and since Ferguson residents – Michael Brown included – knew that long before a Justice Department report merely affirmed their experience, it is perfectly reasonable for Black folks to view Ferguson police and police around the country with suspicion. And it is reasonable for Black folks to want clear evidence that this incident was not racial. The DOJ’s own report foregoes such conclusions.

Moreover, though I am absolutely fatigued in my relitigation of the events of Aug. 9, I do want to point to two statements in the DOJ report on the killing of Brown, that Capehart glosses over in his attempt to be undeservedly magnanimous to Darren Wilson. First, the report states that though Wilson, knowing of the incident with the Cigarillos at the convenience store, suspected Brown and his friend Dorian Johnson of the petty crime, when he initially saw them, he told them to “walk on the sidewalk.”

They refused. Having visited Canfield Drive, and seeing the narrowness of the street, I can attest that such a request would have seemed ridiculous and unnecessarily harassing. Coupled with the generally hostile context in which the FPD polices, the resistance from the two teen boys makes sense. Wilson did not approach them and say he wanted to question them about a crime at a convenience store. He approached them and told them to “walk on the sidewalk,” according to the DOJ, or “get the fuck up on the sidewalk,” according to Michael Brown’s friend.

Then the report says that Wilson parked his car at an angle to keep the two young men from walking any further. “Wilson attempted to open the driver’s door of the SUV to exit his vehicle, but as he swung it open, the door came into contact with Brown’s body and either rebounded closed or Brown pushed it closed.”

Then the altercation where Brown allegedly reached into Wilson’s vehicle happened. Now let us lay that aside for a moment, to consider that during this entire time, Wilson has not let these young men know what his business is with them. He rolled up on them and demanded that they get on the sidewalk in a small apartment complex. Beyond that point, the report remains inconclusive on the question of the door making initial contact with Brown’s body. His friend said the officer slammed the door into Brown’s body, while Wilson says the door either rebounded closed or Brown pushed the door closed.

This is not insignificant. If these boys perceived this officer as harassing them about the sidewalk and then slamming a door into Brown’s body, then certainly Brown may have reacted aggressively. I do not know, and won’t further speculate. I will say, however, that Wilson receives the benefit of the doubt even though he works for a corrupt police department with a hostile relationship to the community. Are police always worthy of the benefit of the doubt? Are young Black men ever deemed worthy of the benefit of the doubt? Moreover, there are the pure shenanigans that took place in the grand jury in which the prosecutor used an out-of-date and unconstitutional statute about an officer’s right to shoot a fleeing suspect in his statements to the grand jury. One of those grand jurors later sued because of blatant irregularities in the legal procedure. But none of this matters in determining Mike Brown’s appropriateness for movement work. First, Brown doesn’t have to be a perfect victim to be deserving of a place in movement history. The Department of Justice would never have investigated the Ferguson Police without Brown being killed and the people rising up in protest. Second, even if, for the sake of argument, I concede that Brown did everything Wilson said he did (and I’m not conceding any of this, mind you), we must ask why we are outraged at these two young men for not respecting the rule of law in a city where a corrupt police force has exploited and abused its Black residents for decades. Those who take an oath to uphold the law and protect citizens surely are held to a higher standard than two teen boys engaged in youthful mischief. Three, there is no scenario in which a teenager or any other person should be dead for stealing cigarillos and not walking on the sidewalk. Period. The Black Lives Matter movement is asking us at base level to reject many of the assumptions that undergird our current thinking about how policing takes place in Black and Brown communities. Why are the police trained to shoot-to-kill rather than to shoot to disarm? Why do police use authority and weapons to escalate situations rather than deescalate them? And why, then, are Black men the most frequent casualties of these severe police tactics? These are not the kinds of questions that can be asked when the victim is a perfect victim. What, then, is to be gained by arguing that Wilson was justified for shooting a kid who allegedly took some cigarillos? To me, this killing is evidence at best of a piss-poor policing structure. Moreover, while some witnesses may have been mistaken, all of them were not. Just because Brown had no bullet wounds in his back, does not mean Wilson did not shoot at him as he ran away. The bullet wounds in his forearms very easily could have entered his body while he was running away. The report remains inconclusive on this point, and it is a major point. The report is also inconclusive about whether Brown was in fact charging Wilson. It concludes only that Brown was “coming towards Wilson.” Michael Brown remains an appropriate symbol of this movement. For one, his acts of resistance and refusal – and I do see them as such – pointed us to a city that balances its budget on the backs of poor Black residents. The police merely act as thuggish enforcers for the racket that constitutes city government. Beyond that, this movement, before it is all said and done, will force all of us to grow up and stop believing in the myth of our own purity. We must stop believing that our lives only have value, that they are only worthy of protection, when we’ve done everything right. Even though I am no believer in capital punishment, we do have an understanding in this country that capital punishment is reserved for capital crimes. If Michael and Dorian were two white teenagers, it would be easier for us to look at the adult and the person with more power in this situation – Darren Wilson – and hold him responsible for escalating a conflict and devastating a community over a pack of cigarettes. In his desire to placate white folks and appear reasonable, Jonathan Capehart lets Wilson off the hook. The implication of Capehart’s argument is that Michael Brown is an acceptable, justifiable casualty in this decades-long police war on a small Midwestern community. But if you believe that All Black lives matter, that is an unconscionable conclusion, one that “offends my sense of right and wrong.” As “respectable” Blacks are wont to do, the Capeharts of the world need to believe that if Black people would just “act right” and “do right,” we would be all right. But in a system of white supremacy, there isn’t that much act right in the world. Jonathan, surely you know a suit and tie won’t protect you. So we’re going to keep on marching, as you said. And we will keep holding aloft the banner of Michael Brown. We will do so, because Black folks have already tested out your theory of respectability. We’ve been trying to save our lives by dressing right, talking right and never, ever fucking up since about 1877. That shit has not worked. In an ideal world of crime and punishment, the officer would have had the legal leeway and good sense to pick these boys up, take them back down to the convenience store, make them apologize and work out an arrangement to work off the cigarillos they stole. That is one example of restorative justice and of the world we are fighting for. We are trying to get free, and that means we bring everybody with us, whether your suit is tailored or your pants sag. When the revolution comes, we will leave no one behind.",1
5171,The Trump Recession: He’s linked himself to potential economic calamity with Brexit stance,"Back in March, some of the financial sector’s leading analysts bumped the chances of a global economic recession from 20 percent to 30 percent. The chances are still minuscule, but the danger always looms. And given the tragic consequences of the Great Recession, any new indicators leading to another potential recession ought to be met with, at the very least, a tone of seriousness. Today, with the Brexit referendum passing in favor of leaving the European Union, and the subsequent decline in the British pound and, specifically, worsening indicators leading toward a British recession, there’s renewed fears of the Brexit shockfront crushing neighboring economies as well.

In the United States, meanwhile, the Republican position on Brexit seems to be based upon everything except the economic repercussions. Instead, the GOP’s posture appears to be simply blurting the opposite of whatever President Obama and the Democrats have to say about it. Indeed, the standard for any GOP argument since 2008 has been, simply put, Opposite Day. If Obama’s for it, they’re against it — even if Obama’s position was once a GOP position (the individual mandate, NSA metadata collection, predator drones, immigration reform, cap-and-trade, and the list goes on). While the GOP never really supported Brexit, they should have, especially knowing that the E.U. was one of the U.S.’s signature achievements after World War II, further assuring there aren’t continued world wars as the atomic age began. Beyond that, the possibility of a Brexit-induced recession should’ve frightened them away. However, we’re assuming the GOP is driven by rational policy choices in 2016. It’s not.

Donald Trump, for his part, isn’t interested in the justifications for, or the post-war history of Europe. He’s only really interested in taking a position because, as with his party, it’s the opposite of Obama’s and Hillary’s. Had he been less driven to blurt a reaction to a potentially cataclysmic event — an event that he was totally unfamiliar with just a month ago, and if he had thought through a strategy that was a slightly more detailed than the 140 character limit on Twitter, he would’ve picked up on a golden opportunity to link Hillary and the Obama administration to a forthcoming recession, regardless of whether it was precipitated by Brexit.

This week, while appearing on stage with Elizabeth Warren for the first time, Hillary Clinton accurately observed that the Wall Street fallout from Brexit cost Americans around $100 billion, all of which vanished when the markets reacted to the Trump-supported Brexit vote:

Average Americans weren’t the only people impacted by Trump’s beloved Brexit vote. Around 400 of his fellow billionaires (if you believe what he says about his net worth) worldwide lost $196.2 billion due to the “leave” vote. This is what Trump supports? Weird. At the very least, experts at Goldman-Sachs are foreseeing a decline in the U.S. economy from around 2.25 percent growth to two-percent straight up. Britain itself appears to be poised for a recession late this year or in early 2017. Nevertheless, Trump missed a fantastic opportunity to sidestep the Brexit vote and, therefore, to fully blame a would-be recession on Hillary Clinton and her allies in the Obama administration. Instead, if Brexit continues to disrupt the world economy, he’ll absolutely remain on-record as having supported the spark that touched off the decline. Simultaneously and moving forward, Hillary can easily marry Trump to Brexit and brand the downturn as the “Trump Recession.” Conversely, had Trump kept his self-defeating mouth shut and, perhaps, continued to mock disabled people — you know, because he has “the best words” — he could’ve solely linked Hillary and Obama to the recession, without even mentioning Brexit as an inciting incident. But, once again, Trump stepped into the pitch and, for no real political gain, took a fastball to the side of his clown-wigged noggin. Sure, Trump is politically astute enough to realize that playing Opposite Day politics plays well with his brainwashed cult-like base. They’re with him no matter what, so, in the near-term it shouldn’t matter. After all, another feature of modern GOP strategy is political expedience over long-term gains. Trump’s got a lock on around 30 percent of American voters, but he’s clearly underestimating the number of Republicans, like George Will, Glenn Beck or Sen. Mark Kirk (R-Ill.), who are easily capable of sidestepping a vote for Trump and supporting someone — anyone — else, not to mention the scores of moderate undecided voters. The question moving forward is whether Trump is capable of making any winnable political choices, given how he’s vowed to “have so much winning, you may get tired of winning.” Instead of positioning himself to immediately link Hillary to a sputtering economy, he’s linked himself to it. He’s, in effect, dropped the ball on two issue areas that are normally owned by the GOP: the economy and national security. According to the new ABC News / Washington Post poll, Obama’s approval on the economy is hovering around 55 percent, while Hillary has been seen more favorably than Trump on her reaction to Orlando. If Trump can’t win on these issues, he might as well give up. And I’m not sure he hasn’t.",1
3575,Al Shabaab calls for attack on Mall of America in new video,"A new video from Al Shabaab purportedly shows the terror group calling for an attack on Mall of America, in Bloomington, Minn.

According to Fox 9, the mall is one of three similar targets the terror group specifically names, including West Edmonton Mall in Canada and the Oxford Street shopping area in London.

The video purportedly shows 6 minutes of graphic images and the terrorists celebrating the 2013 Westgate Mall attack in Nairobi, Kenya, that killed more than 60 people.

The narrator, his face wrapped in a black-and-white kaffiyeh-type scarf and wearing a camouflage jacket, spoke with a British accent and appeared to be of Somali origin. He accused Kenyan troops in Somalia of committing abuses against Somali Muslims.

He ended the video by calling on Muslim men to attack other shopping malls in Western countries.

An image of the Mall of America is shown in the video, alongside its GPS coordinates. The mall says it is ramping up its security in response.



 U.S. authorities said there was ""no credible"" evidence suggesting a U.S. mall attack was in the works.

""We will continue to monitor events with the help of federal, state and local law enforcement agencies,"" Mall of America said in a statement. ""As always, we take any potential threat seriously and respond appropriately. Mall of America has implemented extra security precautions, some may be noticeable to guests, and others won't be. We will continue to follow the situation, along with law enforcement, and will remain vigilant as we always do in similar situations.""

Jim Kallstrom, the former assistant director of the FBI’s New York office, said the FBI has a “huge job in front of them.

“You look at the Mall of America, you look at all the malls then you start to backtrack and say you know it would be nice if we knew what comes and goes into the country,” Kallstrom told Fox News on Sunday. “We don’t have a clue.”

The Department of Homeland Security and FBI issued a joint statement Sunday saying that both agencies were aware of the video.

""In recent months, the FBI and DHS have worked closely with our state and local public safety counterparts and members of the private sector, to include mall owners and operators, to prevent and mitigate these types of threats,"" the statement read.

Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said on NBC's Meet The Press that “there needs to be an awareness.

""We're in a new phase now, and I'm afraid that this most recent video release reflects that,"" Joshnson said during an appearance on ABC's This Week.

Al Shabaab, Somalia's Islamic extremist rebels, claimed responsibility for a Friday attack on a hotel in Somalia's capital that killed 25 people and wounded 40, the country's government said Saturday.

One Islamic extremist rammed an explosives-laden vehicle into the gate of the Central Hotel, and another went in and blew himself up, a statement from Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke's office said.

Government officials were meeting at the Central Hotel at the time, and the statement said Mogadishu's deputy mayor and two legislators were among the dead. It was unclear whether the government's report of 25 dead included the two bombers.

Despite the loss of key strongholds in Somalia, Al Shabaab, which is linked to Al Qaeda, continues to stage attacks in the capital, Mogadishu, and elsewhere.

The group, designated as a terrorist organization by the State Department in 2008, has close ties to Al Qaeda through its senior leaders. It has attracted several radical volunteers from Minneapolis and Americans began traveling to Somalia in 2007 to join the group.

Somalia's president, Hassan Sheikh Mohamud, condemned the Friday attack and said it would not derail efforts by his government to restore peace to Somalia, which is recovering from decades of war.

This is the second attack on a hotel in Mogadishu in less than a month. On Jan. 22, three Somali nationals were killed when a suicide car bomber blew himself up at the gate of a hotel housing the advance party of the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who visited the country days later.

Al Shabaab controlled much of Mogadishu during the years 2007 to 2011, but was pushed out of Somalia's capital and other major cities by African Union forces.

In Kenya, the government dismissed the Al Shabaab video.

""They're using propaganda to legitimize what cannot be legitimized. When you lead a group to go and attack a shopping mall and kill innocent shoppers that cannot be legitimized, those were not soldiers,"" Interior Ministry spokesman Mwenda Njoka said.

""Muslims also died in the Westgate attack. It's in our interest to ensure Somalia is stabilized because the instability affects us. The video is cheap propaganda trying to re-write history and to get more support from those support them.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from MyFoxTwinCities.com.",1
3189,The Wild Ideas You Missed While Donald Trump Was Talking,"After five Republican debates, most Americans know about Donald Trump’s provocative beliefs, like his desires to end birthright citizenship, stop Muslim immigration and kill families of suspected terrorists. Much less attention has been paid to Carly Fiorina’s conclusion that the minimum wage is unconstitutional, Mike Huckabee’s pledge to defy Supreme Court rulings he deems incompatible with God’s law, Rick Santorum’s claim that Islam is not protected by the First Amendment or Chris Christie’s threat to shoot down Russian planes and launch cyberattacks on Chinese leaders.

Those provocative beliefs, believe it or not, were also expressed during the five Republican debates. They were just overshadowed by the furor over Trump. It might be natural for an opposition party to sound bombastic during primary season, especially when its front-runner is blessed with a seemingly inexhaustible supply of bombast, but the debate transcripts read like a Democratic opposition researcher’s dream.

The good news for Republicans, arguably, is that their rhetoric has been so consistently over-the-top that it has started to sound routine; academics call this “shifting the Overton window,” the range of what’s considered politically acceptable. I’ve watched all the debates as well as the undercards live, but when I reviewed the transcripts, I was amazed how many radical statements had slipped under my radar. Ted Cruz called for putting the United States back on the gold standard. Marco Rubio accused President Barack Obama of destroying the U.S. military. Huckabee said Bernie Madoff’s rip-offs weren’t as bad as what the government has done to people on Social Security and Medicare. Lindsey Graham said his administration would monitor all “Islamic websites,” not just jihadist ones. I had even forgotten Trump’s claim that vaccines caused autism in a 2-year-old girl he knew.

Vaccines do not cause autism. Goldbuggery is crackpot economics. The U.S. military is still by far the strongest in the world. And what the government has done to people on Social Security and Medicare is give them pensions and health care. But none of those statements drew any pushback from the other Republican candidates, or, for that matter, the media moderators. Neither did Ben Carson’s assertion that if the United States had set a goal of oil independence within a decade, moderate Arab states would have “turned over Osama bin Laden and anybody else you wanted on a silver platter within two weeks,” which is wackadoodle on multiple levels.

After the first Trump-obsessed debate in August, I wrote about how the Republicans were racing to the right to try to attract the scraps of attention that weren’t going to Trump. My favorite example that night was Bobby Jindal’s promise to sic the IRS and the Justice Department on Planned Parenthood on his first day as president—basically, an impeachable crime. But that didn’t turn out to be an isolated incident. In fact, Cruz made the same promise in a later debate, except for the IRS part, presumably because he also vowed to abolish the IRS.

The Democratic candidates have also appealed to their party’s ideologically committed base during their primary debates, which, perhaps for that reason, have been scheduled at odd times when few Americans have been watching. But with occasional exceptions from socialist Bernie Sanders, who suggested that he wouldn’t mind 90 percent tax rates on the rich, they haven’t said much that felt particularly surprising or politically damaging. Debt-free college may or may not be a good idea, but it’s hard to imagine Republicans turning it into an attack line.

By contrast, the GOP debates have felt like madcap purity contests, with the candidates competing to demonstrate their commitment to supply-side tax cuts and foreign-policy belligerence, as well as their fierce opposition to illegal immigration and every imaginable government regulation. Rubio, supposedly the establishment alternative to Trump, vowed to repeal Wall Street reform in its entirety and oppose abortion without any exceptions. John Kasich, supposedly the moderate in the GOP race, vowed to “punch Russia in the nose.” Wild accusations by non-Trump candidates—that the independent Federal Reserve has kept interest rates low to prop up Obama, that Obama shows more respect to Iran’s ayatollah than Israel’s prime minister, that 300,000 veterans died last year while waiting for health care, that Obama is trying to strip away the sovereignty of the United States, that David Petraeus was prosecuted for sharing classified information with his girlfriend because Obama didn’t like him—have provoked no reaction whatsoever during the debates.

Democratic leaders have expressed glee about these nationally televised festivals of right-wing me-too-ism, but another way of thinking about them is as highly rated, mostly unrebutted advertisements for the notion that Obama is a disaster and America is in peril. So far, the Republicans have had more than 20 hours to tell the public that “the idea of America is slipping away,” that “we’re on a path to socialism,” that “America has been betrayed.” Nobody on the debate stage disagreed when, for example, Christie declared that Obama doesn’t respect the military or the police, or that Americans believed in a more prosperous future in January 2009 (when the economy was losing 800,000 jobs a month) until Obama “stole” that belief. You might not take Christie at his word that Obama is a “feckless weakling,” but when you hear it over and over, you might assume he must be missing at least some feck.

At times, a few of the Republican contenders have dared to challenge the magical thinking that has dominated the debates. Rand Paul has been a consistent voice against regime change as a cure for what ails the Middle East. Kasich has mocked the “fantasy” that massive high-end tax cuts would create balanced budgets. And Trump has bucked GOP conventional wisdom on foreign and domestic issues, denouncing the Iraq War as a waste of thousands of lives and trillions of dollars that could have shored up American infrastructure instead, while defending progressive taxation as a logical approach to raising revenue from those who can afford it.

When I slogged through the transcripts, I also noticed a few interesting ideas buried amid the can-you-top-this rhetoric. When he wasn’t accusing Obama of criminalizing Christianity while exalting the faith of Guantánamo detainees, Huckabee was often calling for more focus on chronic diseases like diabetes and cancer that cause so much pain and cost so much money. When she wasn’t telling whoppers about Planned Parenthood videos and Obama firing a general who never served in his administration, Fiorina kept pushing for “zero-based budgeting,” the idea that every program and agency should have to justify every dollar every year. When he wasn’t complaining that Obama cares more about anti-Muslim sentiment than anti-Semitism, Santorum suggested that veterans should get most of their care from private hospitals, and that the Veterans Administration should become a specialized center of excellence for military-focused health issues like prosthetics and PTSD.

But policy entrepreneurialism was not the gist of the Republican debates. The gist was that the survival of the United States is at risk; that Obama has been weak on ISIL and Assad and Russia and China and Iran and Hezbollah and every other distasteful figure on the world stage; that calling radical Islam by its name and “targeting the bad guys” and “taking the fight to the enemy” will solve all the problems in the Middle East. On domestic issues, the gist was that the United States in the Obama era has become a dystopia of rampant unemployment, high taxes, runaway deficits, porous borders and job-killing regulation—and that undoing what Obama did would make America great again.

These are presumably winning messages in a Republican primary. It’s not clear whether they would be in a general election. The reality of the Obama era, for all its warts, is that unemployment has dropped to 5 percent, the deficit has shrunk by two thirds, illegal immigration has plateaued, far fewer U.S. soldiers are dying abroad and Americans are more likely to be killed by lightning than by terrorists at home. The question is whether the run-for-your-lives talking points will crash into statistical reality, or whether they will gradually help create a new political reality.

The Democrats would say the GOP is simply defying reality—on climate, on economics, on the ease with which muscular foreign policies can fix the world, on just about everything. Then again, the GOP isn’t the party that’s hiding its debates on weekend nights. Its views may be extreme, but it’s airing its views for all to see. It’s acting like a confident party—perhaps an overconfident party—while the Democrats are acting like they’ve lost their feck.

",1
2949,Saudi Arabia says farewell to King Abdullah,"(CNN) Thousands gathered in Riyadh on Friday to say farewell to Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz al Saud, a cautious reformer who succeeded in securing broader freedoms in the conservative kingdom, but fell short in gaining greater independence for women.

Abdullah died early Friday, several weeks after the state-run Saudi Press Agency said he was suffering from pneumonia and had been admitted to a hospital . The royal court didn't release an exact cause of death. He was 90.

To ensure a smooth transition, the kingdom quickly appointed his 79-year-old half-brother, Salman bin Abdulaziz, to the throne. His half-brother Prince Muqrin, a decade younger, is the new crown prince.

After Friday afternoon prayers at Riyadh's Imam Turki Bin Abdullah Grand Mosque, the body of Abdullah, wrapped in a pale shroud, was carried from the mosque toward a cemetery, followed by a solemn procession of Saudi men in traditional dress.

He was later laid to rest after a simple, swift ceremony. Those present at the graveside -- the royals closest to the late king -- were then to move on to a royal palace, where they were to pay their respects to the new monarch.

The ceremony of ""al Bayaah,"" or pledging of allegiance to the new king, followed the funeral.

Condolences and remembrances poured in from all corners of the globe.

""To God we belong and indeed to him we shall return,"" said the homepage of the English-language Saudi newspaper Arab News.

Bahrain, Jordan and the Palestinian territories, among others, declared days of mourning. The U.N. secretary-general praised Abdullah for his Arab Peace Initiative to end the Arab-Israeli conflict. U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said he would lead a delegation ""in the coming days"" to pay respects.

""King Abdullah's life spanned from before the birth of modern Saudi Arabia through its emergence as a critical force within the global economy and a leader among Arab and Islamic nations,"" U.S. President Barack Obama said in a statement.

Speaking to CNN's Richard Quest in Davos, Switzerland, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said he expects no changes in his government's relations with Saudi Arabia.

""I don't anticipate anything based on the conversation we have had, no,"" he said.

In an address to the nation -- his first televised appearance since becoming king -- Salman offered his condolences to the Saudi people.

""We will, with God's will and power, adhere to the straight path this country followed since its establishment by King Abdulaziz and his sons after him, and will not deviate at all from it, since our constitution is the book of Allah (Quran) and the teachings of Prophet Mohammed,"" he said.

He also spoke of the ""desperate need"" for unity and solidarity among the followers of Islam, saying Saudi Arabia would continue to promote that.

He had already issued six royal decrees Friday, the Saudi Press Agency reported, including appointing Prince Mohammed bin Naif bin Abdulaziz as the deputy crown prince.

Salman, who has 1.33 million followers on Twitter but follows no one, changed his Twitter handle to @KingSalman.

In the context of the kingdom's conservative circles, Abdullah was seen as a reformer and often came up against more hardline clerics.

After ascending to the throne, Abdullah took steps toward broader freedoms and invested some of the country's vast oil wealth in large-scale education and infrastructure projects.

""He was really quite (an) extraordinary figure. He was probably the most progressive and liberal-minded king of Saudi Arabia since King Faisal, which is a long time ago, in the early 1970s,"" CNN's Fareed Zakaria said about Abdullah, whom he described as ""much loved.""

""I had the opportunity to meet with him once, and what you got a sense of was somebody who really was determined to move his country forward,"" Zakaria said. ""It's a conservative country and a conservative society -- and he kept emphasizing that to me -- but he was very clear in the direction he wanted to go.""

However, resistance from conservative factions hindered some of his efforts, leaving many women, in particular, disappointed by a lack of progress toward greater independence.

Under Abdullah's leadership, the country slowly squashed al Qaeda, capturing or killing its leaders in the kingdom, forcing the remnants underground and sidelining radical preachers.

It also took a more prominent role in international affairs.

""Remember, the last time the price of oil fell like this, the Soviet Union collapsed,"" said Zakaria. ""That said, the successor is a very competent man.""

He added: ""I don't expect any major shift, but it marks a big change, and we'll have to see what the new king is like.""",1
2260,Supreme Court rules gay couples nationwide have a right to marry,"A deeply divided Supreme Court on Friday delivered a historic victory for gay rights, ruling 5 to 4 that the Constitution requires that same-sex couples be allowed to marry no matter where they live.

The court’s action rewarded years of legal work by same-sex marriage advocates and marked the culmination of an unprecedented upheaval in public opinion and the nation’s jurisprudence.

Marriages began Friday in states that had previously thwarted the efforts of same-sex couples to wed, while some states continued to resist what they said was a judicial order that changed the traditional definition of marriage and sent the country into uncharted territory. As of the court’s decision Friday morning, there were 14 states where same-sex couples were not allowed to marry.

Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, who has written all of the court’s decisions recognizing and expanding gay rights, said the decision was based on the fundamental right to marry and the equality that must be afforded gay Americans.

“Under the Constitution, same-sex couples seek in marriage the same legal treatment as opposite-sex couples, and it would disparage their choices and diminish their personhood to deny them this right,” Kennedy wrote. He was joined in the ruling by the court’s liberal justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen G. Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan.

All four of the court’s most conservative members — Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr. — dissented, and each wrote a separate opinion.

The common theme in their dissents was that judicial activism on the part of five members of the court had usurped a power that belongs to the people.

“If you are among the many Americans — of whatever sexual orientation — who favor expanding same-sex marriage, by all means celebrate today’s decision,” wrote Roberts, who for the first time in his tenure marked his disagreement with a decision by reading part of his dissent from the bench.

“Celebrate the achievement of a desired goal. Celebrate the opportunity for a new expression of commitment to a partner. Celebrate the availability of new benefits. But do not celebrate the Constitution. It had nothing to do with it,” he wrote.

Scalia called the decision a “threat to American democracy,” saying it robs citizens of “the freedom to govern themselves.”

[It’s the first time Roberts has had such a bold statement from the bench]

In a statement in the White House Rose Garden, President Obama hailed the decision: “This ruling is a victory for America. This decision affirms what millions of Americans already believe in their hearts. When all Americans are truly treated as equal, we are more free.”

It wasn’t until 2012 that Obama declared that same-sex couples should be able to marry, and it was only last year that he said he thought the Constitution provided such a right. But by Friday evening, the rainbow colors that gay rights activists have adopted were projected onto the north face of the White House. With the Supreme Court’s ruling, Obama said, “Today we can say in no uncertain terms that we have made our union a little more perfect.”

There were wild scenes of celebrations on the sidewalk outside the Supreme Court. Same-sex marriage supporters had arrived early, armed with signs and rainbow flags. They cheered at the announcement of a constitutional right for gay marriage, which did not legally exist anywhere in the world until the turn of this century. The first legally recognized same-sex marriages in the United States took place just 11 years ago, the result of a Massachusetts state supreme court decision.

Jim Obergefell, who became the face of the case, Obergefell v. Hodges, when he sought to put his name on his husband’s Ohio death certificate as the surviving spouse, said, “Today’s ruling from the Supreme Court affirms what millions across the country already know to be true in our hearts: that our love is equal.”

“It is my hope that the term gay marriage will soon be a thing of the past, that from this day forward it will be, simply, marriage,” he said.

But Austin R. Nimocks, senior counsel for the Alliance Defending Freedom, a group that supports traditional marriage, said: “Today, five lawyers took away the voices of more than 300 million Americans to continue to debate the most important social institution in the history of the world. . . . Nobody has the right to say that a mom or a woman or a dad or a man is irrelevant. There are differences that should be celebrated.”

[Opponents of gay marriage are divided on whether to resist the ruling]

The Supreme Court used cases from Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee, where restrictions against same-sex marriage were upheld by an appeals court last year, to find that the Constitution does not allow such prohibitions.

Kennedy over the past 20 years has written the Supreme Court’s most important gay rights cases: overturning criminal laws on homosexual conduct, protecting gays from discrimination and declaring that the federal government could not refuse to recognize same-sex marriages performed where they were legal.

He often employs a lofty, ­writing-for-history tone, and Friday’s decision was no different.

Referring to the couples who brought the cases before the court, Kennedy wrote: “It would misunderstand these men and women to say they disrespect the idea of marriage. Their plea is that they do respect it, respect it so deeply that they seek to find its fulfillment for themselves. Their hope is not to be condemned to live in loneliness, excluded from one of civilization’s oldest institutions.”

Kennedy did not respond directly to the court’s dissenters, but he addressed the argument that the court was creating a constitutional right. The right to marriage is fundamental, he said. The difference is society’s evolving view of gay people and their rights, he said.

“The limitation of marriage to opposite-sex couples may long have seemed natural and just, but its inconsistency with the central meaning of the fundamental right to marry is now manifest,” he wrote. “With that knowledge must come the recognition that laws excluding same-sex couples from the marriage right impose stigma and injury of the kind prohibited by our basic charter.”

As in previous decisions, Kennedy did not spell out how courts should scrutinize laws that treated gays differently. But Mary Bonauto, who argued the case for gay plaintiffs at the Supreme Court, said that message from Kennedy’s combined opinions “is one of inclusion: Stop making rules for gay people.”

Scalia was a sharp critic of Kennedy’s style, saying it was “as pretentious as its content is egotistic.”

“The Supreme Court of the United States has descended from the disciplined legal reasoning of John Marshall and Joseph Story to the mystical aphorisms of the fortune cookie,” Scalia wrote.

Roberts wrote a lengthy dissent that was a point-by-point takedown of the majority opinion. Gay activists had wondered whether the 60-year-old justice might take note of the increasing public support for same-sex marriage and find a way to join the majority on what they called the “right side of history.”

But he and the other dissenters said the question was not whether same-sex marriage was a good idea, but who should decide.

“The court invalidates the marriage laws of more than half the states and orders the transformation of a social institution that has formed the basis of human society for millennia, for the Kalahari Bushmen and the Han Chinese, the Carthaginians and the Aztecs,” Roberts wrote. “Just who do we think we are?”

Roberts rejected a comparison to Loving v. Virginia, in which the court struck down bans on interracial marriage. That did not change the age-old definition of marriage as between a man and a woman, he said. He raised concerns that the decision could lead to polygamous marriages — he mentioned a married threesome of lesbians called a “throuple.”

He noted that voters and legislators in only 11 states had authorized same-sex marriages, and said it was better for gay marriage to be adopted through the democratic process than by judicial order. He said religious leaders could take little comfort from the majority opinion that their beliefs would be respected.

That theme was picked up by Alito in his dissent. He said there could be “bitter and lasting wounds” from the decision and warned that the decision will be “exploited by those who are determined to stamp out every vestige of dissent.”

The questions raised in the cases decided Friday were left unanswered in 2013, when the justices last confronted the issue of same-sex marriage. A slim majority of the court said at the time that a key portion of the Defense of Marriage Act — withholding the federal government’s recognition of same-sex marriages — was unconstitutional. In a separate case that year, the court said procedural issues kept it from answering the constitutional question in a case from California but allowed same-sex marriages to resume in that state.

Since then, courts across the nation — with the notable exception of the Cincinnati-based federal appeals court that left intact the restrictions in the four states at issue — have struck down a string of state prohibitions on same-sex marriage, many of them passed by voters in referendums.

Jerry Markon, David Nakamura and Sandhya Somashekhar contributed to this report.",1
1636,"Insiders: Rubio wins, Kasich bombs","Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
2060,The 6 most important parts of Donald Trump's energy policy,"When it comes to energy policy, the 2016 presidential election really isn't all that complicated.

Hillary Clinton plans to continue President Obama's strategy of pushing down carbon dioxide emissions via regulations. That means using less coal and oil and more wind and solar. Donald Trump, by contrast, doesn't much care about global warming and plans to greatly expand US oil drilling and coal mining — largely by repealing various environmental rules.

On May 26, Trump fleshed out his vision in a speech at an oil industry conference in Bismarck, North Dakota. There were no real surprises. Trump's energy policy sounds nearly identical to Mitt Romney's energy policy in 2012, only with more exclamation points. (At one point Trump actually used the phrase ""very, very pure, sweet, beautiful oil."") He's happily adopted the standard GOP playbook: fewer regulations, more domestic fossil fuel production, approve the Keystone XL pipeline, and ""cancel"" the Paris climate deal. The crowd loved it.

Here were six big takeaways:

Before the speech, many reporters were wondering if Trump might finally clarify his views on global warming. This is a guy, after all, who once tweeted, ""The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive."" Surely he'd like to elaborate?

Instead, Trump mostly ... ignored the issue. He talked about guns in his energy speech. He talked about rising crime in cities. He even reiterated his pledge to build a wall on the border with Mexico — evidently a hit at North Dakota oil gatherings. But he barely discussed climate change.

He did promise that upon taking office, he'd ""rescind all job-destroying Obama executive actions ... including the Climate Action Plan."" Here he's referring to a series of regulations that the Environmental Protection Agency has enacted over the past eight years to cut US carbon dioxide emissions. Trump would presumably try to scrap Obama's Clean Power Plan, which aims to reduce CO2 from power plants.

I've written about how Trump might go about dismantling Obama's climate policies here. Suffice to say, this would be easier to do if a GOP-controlled Congress could pass a law taking away the EPA's authority over carbon dioxide. It'd be harder (but not impossible) for Trump to do via executive action alone.

Trump also pledged to ""cancel the Paris climate agreement"" — the deal reached last December in which every country on Earth pledged to restrain emissions and address global warming. While Trump couldn't just scuttle a global deal by himself, he could certainly undermine it by abandoning America's efforts to cut emissions.

Trump also seemed perplexed about how the Paris agreement even works, claiming it ""gives foreign bureaucrats control over how much energy we use."" This isn't true at all. Under the deal, every country submits its own (voluntary) plan for curbing emissions.

The United States is currently the largest producer of petroleum and natural gas in the world, thanks in part to the massive fracking boom that's been taking place around the country since the 2000s:

But to hear Trump tell it, we're barely producing anything at all. He wants more — much more. On his first day in office, ""American energy dominance will be declared a strategic, economic, and foreign policy goal of the United States,"" he said. ""It's about time!""

Trump dropped a few hints about how he'd try to expand oil and gas drilling. He criticized the Obama administration for keeping certain federal lands and waters off limits from drilling — including parts of Alaska and the Outer Continental Shelf. (Romney proposed opening up these areas in 2012; you could likely get more production by doing so, though the impacts are often exaggerated.) Trump also attacked Clinton's proposals to regulate fracking; like Obama, she has backed rules to restrict methane leaks from natural gas operations.

At times, Trump didn't seem to appreciate that energy production is frequently outside the president's control. For instance, he blamed Obama for the fact that the number of active drilling rigs in the United States has fallen to its lowest level in nearly a decade. The rig count has indeed plummeted. But that's primarily due to the fact that the recent US oil boom has created a glut of oil worldwide, causing crude prices to crash and giving companies less incentive to drill.

""Under my administration,"" Trump promised, ""we'll accomplish complete American energy independence. Complete. Imagine a world in which our foes, and the oil cartels, can no longer use energy as a weapon. It will happen. We're going to win.""

Presidents have been promising ""energy independence"" since forever and a day, but it doesn't really make much sense. The US currently produces enough crude oil to supply about 74 percent of its needs. In theory, with vastly expanded production we could bump that up to 100 percent. But we still wouldn't be shielded from foreign oil cartels.

Oil is traded on the world market, and if tensions in the Middle East cause prices to spike, everyone is affected, regardless of where they get their crude. The easiest way to observe this is to look at Canada. Canada is a net oil exporter, a bona fide oil-independent nation. But gasoline prices in Canada still rise and fall in accordance with world events, just as they do in the United States or Japan or Europe.

There are perfectly sound reasons to boost domestic energy production — as Trump says, it can create jobs and economic activity. But ""energy independence"" is a misguided notion.

Coal production in the US has fallen off a cliff in recent years. Back in 2008, the country produced a record 1.2 billion short tons of coal. By 2015, that had fallen 25 percent. Coal mining employment has also plummeted as a result — a real blow to various communities in places like West Virginia and eastern Kentucky.

There are a couple of reasons for coal's recent fall: The fracking boom has led to a flood of cheap natural gas, propelling many utilities to switch from coal to gas. But Obama's EPA has also enacted a number of strict air pollution regulations — on mercury and sulfur dioxide and carbon dioxide from coal-burning plants — that have accelerated this shift to gas. (Falling Chinese steel production has also weakened demand for metallurgic coal.)

Donald Trump wants to bring back coal mining by repealing those EPA regulations. ""We're going to save the coal industry,"" Trump promised. But utilities wouldn't necessarily rush back to coal once that happened, because natural gas would still have a cost advantage. (And remember, Trump wants to expand natural gas production.) It's extremely unlikely that the coal industry would rebound to its former levels.

Indeed, even coal industry execs who support Trump are skeptical that he can bring back all those lost jobs. ""I don't think it will be a thriving industry ever again,"" coal mining CEO Robert Murray recently told Taylor Kuykendall of SNL. ""It will be an extremely competitive industry and it will be half size. … The coal mines cannot come back to where they were or anywhere near it.""

In his speech, Trump said that his energy strategy ""does include nuclear, wind, and solar."" But, he added, he wouldn't support them ""to the exclusion of other forms of energy"" — referring to fossil fuels — ""that right now are working much better.""

In his press conference with reporters before the speech, Trump elaborated: ""I know a lot about solar,"" he said. ""The problem with solar is it's very expensive."" He made no mention of the fact that solar prices have been dropping precipitously.

He also criticized wind turbines for killing birds in California. ""Wind is killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles, one of the most beautiful, one of the most treasured birds,"" he said. ""So wind is a problem."" (While this is technically true, wind turbines kill orders of magnitude fewer birds than power lines or windows or cats. And many wind developers are currently experimenting with ways to reduce bird deaths.)

""A Trump administration will focus on real environmental challenges, not the phony ones,"" Trump said. ""We'll solve for environmental problems, like the need for clean and safe drinking water."" Later he elaborated: ""My priorities are simple: clean air and clean water.""

But he gave no indication of how he'd actually do that. In the past, the EPA has been a major driver of cleaning up America's air pollution. As the chart below shows, the six most common air pollutants in the US have all fallen 72 percent since 1970 — due, in large part, to rules imposed under the Clean Air Act.

Trump made clear he's not a fan of the EPA. So he'd push for clean air and water ... how? He didn't say.

Read more: How the next president could expand Obama's climate policies — or dismantle them",1
3415,Scalia lies in repose at Supreme Court,"Washington (CNN) The body of late Justice Antonin Scalia is lying in repose Friday inside the Supreme Court building where he built a legacy as a conservative legal icon.

More than 6,000 mourners -- including members of Congress -- began streaming by to view Scalia's casket as the court opened its doors to the public at 10:30 a.m.

Earlier Friday, all the current Supreme Court justices attended a private ceremony led by Scalia's son, Father Paul Scalia, in the Great Hall.

In the afternoon, President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama visited the court to honor Scalia. They were greeted by Chief Justice John Roberts and then met with members of Scalia's family, including Army Lt. Col. Matthew Scalia, the late justice's son, and his wife, Michelle, in the Solicitor General's office.

The President and first lady stayed for roughly 25 minutes.

Sri Srinivasan and Patricia Millett, two members of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and potential nominees for Obama to pick to replace Scalia, were seen in the line of those paying their respects along with other judges on the DC circuit.

The casket was placed on the Lincoln Catafalque, which was loaned to the court by Congress for the ceremony, and a 2007 portrait of Scalia by Nelson Shanks is on display. Supreme Court police officers served as pallbearers while Scalia's law clerks served as honorary pallbearers.

""As is the tradition, Justice Scalia's law clerks will stand vigil by his side at the Court all day tomorrow and through the night,"" tweeted Kannon Shanmugam, who clerked for Scalia.

Outside the court, mourners left flowers and jars of applesauce -- a nod to Scalia's dissent in the Supreme Court's 2015 decision to uphold Obamacare, in which he wrote that the majority's opinion was ""pure applesauce.""

Scalia's funeral service is Saturday at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception. The justice's son will also deliver Mass for his father. Vice President Joe Biden is scheduled to attend.

Other justices who have laid in repose in the Supreme Court include former Chief Justice William Rehnquist, former Justice Harry Blackmun, former Justice William J Brennan Jr., former Justice Thurgood Marshall and former Chief Justice Earl Warren.

One close family friend -- Brian Donato, 75, of Earlysville, Virginia, and the godfather of Paul Scalia -- was shaken up as he left the morning's private ceremony.

He said he studied law under Scalia at the University of Virginia, and called the justice a tough professor who'd harshly critique his logic.

Donato recalled leaving the U.S. Navy in 1967 to attend law school, and said his moving truck crashed, spilling his goods and possessions across the road. When neither the Navy, which had hired the movers, nor the moving company itself offered any financial help after the crash, he looked at the university for a lawyer to help him after that crash and found Scalia -- who won the case but wouldn't accept any legal fees.

""When I asked him what the fee was after the case, he said, 'Dinner at your house and I'm bringing my wife,'"" Donato said.

He attended Thursday's wake for Scalia, saying he saw his friend ""lying in his casket, and he looked like a guy who was just the warm loving guy he always was.""

Students on a field trip from St. Mary's High School, an Episcopal school in Raleigh, North Carolina, were among the crowd of about 200 on hand as Scalia's casket arrived.

""It's definitely a big loss for our country he was definitely a very influential figures and I don't necessarily agree with him on everything but I have a lot of respect for him as a justice,"" said Emily Weatherspoon, 17.

Larry Cirignano, an anti-abortion rights activist, said that Scalia's loss will be felt on the court. His group, 40 Days for Life, has been outside of the Supreme Court every day since Ash Wednesday.

""I'm from New Jersey originally, so he's great -- and Italian-American -- so all the way around,"" he said of Scalia. ""I was here for his swearing in. And we're sorry to see him go.""

As Scalia is remembered Friday, talk is likely to also focus across the street, to the Capitol, where the question hovers over whether Senate Republicans will successfully block Obama from winning a third appointment to the High Court.",1
4692,For the Record's week in review: Trump's list of accusers grows,"In early August, Donald Trump suffered a drop in the polls in the wake of an especially bad week, which included him feuding with a Muslim Gold Star family whose son died fighting for the U.S. Army in Iraq. For the Record’s week in review summarized that week as “Trump hit rock bottom and then basically tried to dig to China.”

We didn’t think things could get much worse. Boy, were we wrong! This week, Trump hit rock bottom, dug to China and then set the hole on fire.

On Friday, more women came out with accusations against Trump for sexual misconduct. Kristin Anderson told The Washington Post that Trump had groped her under her skirt in the early 90s while she was sitting next to him at a nightclub. Later Friday, a former Apprentice contestant said Trump kissed her and groped her during a meeting about a potential job. They were just two of multiple women to come forward this week with accusations against the Republican presidential nominee.

Trump and his campaign have vehemently denied the accusations. During a rally Friday, Trump called the accusations ""totally and completely fabricated"" and said the women were just making things up to become famous. He also seemed to insult the appearance of one of his accusers, a woman who said he groped her on an airplane three decades ago, when he said ""believe me, she would not be my first choice, that I can tell you.""

Trump has threatened to sue at least The New York Times, to which the newspaper’s lawyer basically replied “bring it.” And his wife, Melania, demanded People magazine publish a retraction and apologize for a story that alleged Trump assaulted a People reporter who was writing a story about the couple. But Melania's demand had nothing to do with the assault allegations. Melania was just unhappy about a section of the piece that said the reporter ran into her on the street and the two had a pleasant conversation.

""The two are not friends and were never friends or even friendly,"" the letter demanding the retraction stated.

Last Friday, a 2005 Access Hollywood video was released that included Trump saying that women would let him do anything, including grabbing their genitals, because he was a star. Trump apologized for the remarks but maintains it was just “locker room banter.” The release of the tape sent his campaign scrambling and forced even those backing him to denounce his comments.

The USA TODAY Network conducted a survey of the Republican governors, senators and House members and found that 26% of them are not endorsing Trump. While some of them were ""Never Trumpers"" all along, many pulled their support for Trump following the release of the video.

On Monday, Ryan announced he wouldn’t defend or campaign for Trump ahead of the election, although Ryan didn't officially withdraw his endorsement of Trump.

Trump was not thrilled at the rebuke. On Tuesday, he unleashed his wrath on Ryan and other members of his party who he felt had spurned him. At one point he tweeted: “Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.”

Trump spun the denunciations by Congress members as a good thing, declaring that he could finally do what he wanted with the election now that the “shackles” were off.

Trump has sucked up a lot of the oxygen this week, but a steady stream of hacked emails from Wikileaks has sent reporters digging through the Clinton team’s dirty laundry as well. Every day this week, emails from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta have been released. The Clinton campaign has neither confirmed nor denied whether the emails are real, but they have accused Russia of doing the hacking in an effort to help Trump.

So far, there haven’t been any major bombshells in the emails, but there are definitely some cringe-worthy moments.

One email by Clinton campaign aides mocked some Catholics and evangelical Christians. Another raised questions about the impartiality of then a vice chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee Donna Brazile during the Democratic primary. Brazile forwarded a question to be used in a town hall to the Clinton campaign. (It also was strange that Brazile had the question ahead of time in the first place.) One email categorized two high-profile Latino politicians who Clinton was trying to get an endorsement from as “needy Latinos.” And another email had a campaign staffer discussing conversations he had with Department of Justice officials as the DOJ dealt with the timing of their public release of Clinton's State Department emails.

Here are some more details of some of the juicier emails.

•           Michelle Obama on Trump comments: They’ve “shaken me to my core” (USA TODAY)

Carson, the retired neurosurgeon and former GOP primary competitor of Trump’s, often appears on TV in support of his former rival. On Friday, he did so to discuss the allegations of sexual misconduct against the Republican nominee. In a heated interview on MSNBC’s ‘Morning Joe,’ Carson repeatedly asked for BBC News reporter Katty Kay’s microphone to be turned off when she asked him if he thought the women making accusations against Trump were lying. He finally responded: ""It doesn’t matter whether they’re lying or not.""",1
5235,What history tells us about the health of presidents and candidates,"Hillary Clinton's recent pneumonia diagnosis raises questions about how previous presidents dealt with health crises, and why Mrs. Clinton's health has become a flashpoint issue during this campaign.

During an event commemorating Sept. 11, 2001 on Sunday, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton excused herself early after becoming ""overheated."" Mrs. Clinton's physician, Lisa Bardack, revealed that the candidate was dealing with pneumonia, which had been diagnosed on Friday.

Politically, the timing was not ideal. The revelation came as the Clinton campaign has been hit by a wave of conspiracy theories elevated by the Donald Trump campaign and his supporters about the candidate's health over the past few weeks, with many online theorists questioning whether Clinton was well enough to be president.

Is Clinton being held to a double standard because she is a woman?

For most presidential candidates throughout history, presidential health concerns have not seemed to concerned the public nearly as much as this election, raising questions about what makes this campaign different.

A recent report from NBC News on Clinton's health posed the question of why Clinton's diagnosis was hidden until hours after her Sunday near-collapse and wondered if Clinton would ""accept the obligation to inform the public about her health."" But for much of history, such an obligation did not exist.

According to Gallup, many presidents have maintained silence on their respective health problems. Woodrow Wilson had a stroke in office, Ronald Reagan underwent secret surgeries, and Franklin Delano Roosevelt famously went to great lengths to give the public the impression that he was fully mobile after his battle with polio even though he spent much of his life in a wheelchair. Grover Cleveland once disappeared from the White house for a full four days so that he could have a tumor removed on a yacht, away from prying reporters, according to NPR. John F. Kennedy ""suffered from more ailments, was in far greater pain and was taking many more medications than the public knew at the time or biographers have since described,"" the New York Times reported in 2002.

And that's only to name a few.

These presidents all kept their physical ailments secret in order to project an image of strength and reliability to the public, a standard that was maintained through much of the history of the office until relatively recently. As candidates' lives have become increasingly open to scrutiny on the internet and various taboos in media about candidates' personal lives have been broken, it has become much more difficult for a candidate to hide an illness.

In response to increasing transparency, presidential candidates have begun to come forward with health problems early on in their campaigns, including Dick Cheney's heart issues and John Kerry's successful battle with prostate cancer before his campaign began, according to Gallup. At the time of the Mr. Kerry campaign, 92 percent of voters, both Republican and Democrat, said that they were not concerned about his ability to serve as president.

In contrast, Clinton's health has become an increasingly important issue for voters during this election. A Rasmussen Report survey from before Sept. 8 shows that 86 percent of likely voters say a candidate's health is important to their vote, with 43 percent who characterize candidate health as  ""Very Important."" Some 17 percent of Democrats and 73 percent of GOP and unaffiliated voters said that Clinton's health was a legitimate concern for them. Those numbers could rise after news of Clinton's diagnosis.

While Clinton's desire to keep her health issues quiet is nothing new on the presidential front, the response from her opponents has proven intense. As a female candidate, she has proven more susceptible to accusations of ""weakness"" from Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and his supporters, in contrast to Mr. Trump's ""strongman"" image. The Trump campaign has had a great deal of success in presenting the Republican candidate as a traditionally masculine figure that fights rather than compromises, representing his opponents as weaker and incapable of making the tough decisions necessary to run the country.

In contrast, Clinton's transparency about her health opens herself up to rhetorical attacks along this line.

Even before her diagnosis became public, however, Clinton was already under attack for similar reasons, with many fringe conservative sites sharing fake medical records as ""proof"" that she does not have the physical strength to effectively lead the country, according to USA Today.

While Trump stands to benefit from Clinton's diagnosis, neither candidate has released a complete medical report to the public.",1
4837,"Sorry, America, but Trump Can Actually Win","A couple of weeks ago, I wrote a mostly facetious article about six events that could occur to flip the polls in favor of Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton, and then I assessed how much each would matter. No single occurrence, apart from the preposterously unlikely event of Barack Obama endorsing Trump, seemed to have a ton of power on its own. Non-silly scenarios included the release of new and questionable Clinton e-mails, a month of passable behavior from Trump, and a serious health setback for Clinton. What the column failed to consider, however, was the power of a few of these incidents occurring at the same time. We’ve now seen new unfavorable e-mail stories (this was inevitable), two weeks of moderately controlled behavior from Trump (the previous record had been about two days), and a genuine health issue for Clinton (a near-collapse during a 9/11 ceremony). We also saw a small but foolish gaffe from the Democratic nominee on Friday night, when she dismissed fully half of Trump’s supporters as part of a “basket of deplorables,” which she defined as “the racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, you name it.” At a time when Trump should have been further on the defensive, contending with almost comically devastating revelations about his approach to charity (more on that in a bit), he is instead pulling even with his rival. Rumors of Clinton’s failing health—which had been easy to write off because they were so obviously orchestrated—have become legitimate concerns. There’s no use in discussing Clinton’s e-mails here, at least for now. It’s not just that there are plenty of other outlets that will further beat that horse—so much so that the Washington Post editorial page has hollered ’nuff. It’s that nothing we’ve learned is likely to move anyone’s opinion. The general narrative out there, whether that’s fair or not, is that Clinton is untrustworthy. The bottom line, in horse-race terms, is this: the drumbeat persists. There’s only slightly more use in dwelling on Trump’s streak of good behavior. Yes, he has kept his impulses under control for a couple of weeks, a near-miracle, especially given the rise to power of campaign chief Steve Bannon, widely viewed as the high priest of full-freak Trumping. (While Trump has said plenty of recent things to appall the sober-minded, like resurrecting a promise to steal the oil of any place we bother to invade, he has said them calmly, rather than in a way that makes news.) So this is an important development, especially if Trump starts to notice how big a friend he has in silence. But one ludicrous outburst changes that, and those used to come at about one per cockcrow, so we’ll have to see if he can keep the lull going. Unfortunately, the near-collapse of Clinton on Sunday from feeling “overheated”—now diagnosed as pneumonia—does call for some sentences. (Clinton’s line about the “basket of deplorables” might have caused a blip, but it has now been overshadowed.) The video of her seeming to buckle is terrible and heartrending, and it feels almost indecent to witness. But now the rumors of Clinton’s failing health—which had been easy to write off because they were so obviously orchestrated, with help from Rudy Giuliani, no less—have become legitimate concerns. It’s easy to dismiss symptoms like extended coughing, especially with a candidate who must endure countless hours and speeches on the campaign trail. It’s impossible to dismiss being overcome at a commemoration for 9/11, the sort of event during which every political bone in your body is telling you, “Do not make news. Do not make news. Do not make news.”

The setting for Clinton’s overheating was especially unfortunate. You could argue (and I have) that Clinton’s health doesn’t matter that much, politically, because not many of those who favor her over Trump—a split viewed by many of Clinton’s supporters as akin in severity to God versus Satan—will suddenly prefer him instead. But voters do think a lot about national security, and, if you believe Scott Adams, “When a would-be commander-in-chief withers—literally—in front of our most emotional reminder of an attack on the homeland, we feel unsafe.” Is Adams right? He might be—or at least right enough that two out of a hundred voters could change their minds, which is all that it takes. Clinton’s health problems are just the latest example of how fortune so often works in favor of Trump. They hit just after the publication of a remarkable piece of reporting by *The Washington Post’*s David A. Fahrenthold, who revealed that the candidate’s record of philanthropy seems to be close to nonexistent. Apparently, Trump is so pathologically stingy that even organizations to which he claimed to donate had received no money. Worse, his own family foundation took in nothing from Trump himself after 2008, relying instead on funds from outside donors. Even worse: Trump illegally redirected $25,000 of the money toward the fund-raising committee of Florida attorney general Pam Bondi, who was deciding on whether to pursue a lawsuit against Trump University. Even worse than that: Donald Trump spent $20,000 of his charity’s money to purchase a six-foot-tall painting of—maybe you guessed it?—Donald Trump. That would all be poor optics, as they say, except that news of Clinton’s health came in and dwarfed everything. But let’s suppose that investigations of Trump’s charity come back to the fore, as they probably will. They will still have close to zero effect on most Trump supporters. Those who still believe Trump is a benevolent fellow have already had to process several container ships full of cognitive dissonance and don’t mind a few tons more. Those who believe Trump is a non-benevolent fellow—and this includes many, probably most, of his supporters, to judge by what they write and say—already know he’s a rascal. They accept that. The thing is, he’s their rascal. For those who find such loyalty hard to understand or accept, recall that Trump, in the eyes of many voters, is the only candidate who has bucked the bipartisan globalist consensus and seemed to mean it. Just imagine if you were on the left but, among both Democrats and Republicans running for office, nearly everyone in political life had long expressed indifference to climate change and had views on abortion that ranged from strongly pro-life to weakly pro-life. Then along came one candidate who loudly insisted on combatting global warming and fighting for a woman’s right to chose. On the minus side, he also said nasty things about coal miners and fetuses, repelling everyone. Would you be tempted to forgive him?

This brings us, finally, to a much-discussed recent essay in the Claremont Review of Books called “The Flight 93 Election,” written by one “Publius Decius Mus.” Decius—who writes as if he were born in 1850, meaning he was probably born well after 1980—is one of those intellectuals who, because of Trump’s positions on immigration, trade, and war, forgive Trump for his many sins. The use of Flight 93 is an allusion, of dubious taste, to the hijacked plane in which passengers heroically charged the cockpit on 9/11—the point being that Trump versus Clinton is possible death versus guaranteed death. “Yes, Trump is worse than imperfect,” Decius writes. “So what? We can lament until we choke the lack of a great statesman to address the fundamental issues of our time.” Decius has not been alone in his mind-set. Trump supporters know he’s a uniquely risky candidate, but they make the case for gambling on him all the same—no matter the poor track record of huge political rolls of the dice (our recent wars come to mind). They feel things are very bad, and many Americans agree. This is why Trump is again pulling even with Hillary Clinton. Unfortunately, we understand one another less and less across this divide. One side says, “I know how bad you think things are out there, but you have no idea how bad Trump is.” The other side says, “I know how bad you think Trump is, but you have no idea how bad things are out there.” It’s a conversation designed to fail, leaving only hardened factions. All that remains, at this point, is to wait and count up. The polls, while technically within the margin of error, still favor Clinton. Yet the energy, on balance, seems to favor Trump. Even when John McCain briefly led Obama in 2008, he never attracted swooning and feverish supporters, at least not when he wasn’t addressing a hospital. Obama did, and Trump does. Many Americans seem to want an excuse to vote for him, and the rise of Bannon seems, ironically, to be leading to a more controlled candidate. If he keeps cool and collected during the debates, even if he calls for plundering the globe’s energy supplies, he probably comes out ahead. So no one can relax anymore. On the plus side, we’ll enjoy the extra oil. Full ScreenPhotos: The Art of the Donald: Alison Jackson Pictures Trump’s “Me Time” The torch will be passed, and a new leader must be capable of gripping it securely. Will he prove equal to the challenge? As commander in chief, would the candidate use military force responsibly—and tastefully? Above all, success in the Oval Office requires an ability to sit still for long hours of exacting prep work. America needs a leader who won’t flinch under fire, whether literal, metaphoric, or tonsorial. There is not a black America or a white America or a Creamsicle-hued America (waterproof and evenly applied). There is only a United States of America. When the candidate looks in the mirror, a president should stare back. With newfound confidence, he is now ready to fill Lincoln’s mittens.",1
690,Trump University 'playbooks' offer glimpse of ruthless business practices,"A federal judge has given the world an unprecedented glimpse into the ruthless business practices Donald Trump used to build his business empire.



US district court judge Gonzalo Curiel on Tuesday made public more than 400 pages of Trump University “playbooks” describing how Trump staff should target prospective students’ weaknesses to encourage them to sign up for a $34,995 Gold Elite three-day package.

Trump University staff were instructed to get people to pile on credit card debt and to target their financial weaknesses in an attempt to sell them the high-priced real estate courses.

The documents contained an undated “personal message” from Trump to new enrollees at the school: “Only doers get rich. I know that in these three packed days, you will learn everything to make a million dollars within the next 12 months.”

The courses are now subject to legal proceedings from unhappy clients.



Judge Curiel released the documents, which are central to a class-action lawsuit against Trump University in California, despite sustaining repeated public attacks from Trump, who had fought to keep the details secret.

Curiel ruled that the documents were in the public interest now that Trump is “the front-runner in the Republican nomination in the 2016 presidential race, and has placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue”.

Trump hit back calling Curiel a “hater”, a “total disgrace” and “biased”. “I have a judge who is a hater of Donald Trump. A hater. He’s a hater,” Trump said at a rally near the courthouse in San Diego. “His name is Gonzalo Curiel. And he is not doing the right thing ... [He] happens to be, we believe, Mexican.”

Curiel, who is Hispanic, is American and was born in Indiana.

Trump went on to attack Curiel further on Twitter on Monday and at a press conference in New York on Monday.

The playbook contains long sections telling Trump U team members how to identify buyers and push them to sign up for the most expensive package, and to put the cost on their credit cards.

“If they can afford the gold elite don’t allow them to think about doing anything besides the gold elite,” the document states.

If potential students hesitate, teachers are told to read this script.

As one of your mentors for the last three days, it’s time for me to push you out of your comfort zone. It’s time for you to be 100% honest with yourself. You’ve had your entire adult life to accomplish your financial goals. I’m looking at your profile and you’re not even close to where you need to be, much less where you want to be. It’s time you fix your broken plan, bring in Mr. Trump’s top instructors and certified millionaire mentors and allow us to put you and keep you on the right track. Your plan is BROKEN and WE WILL help you fix it. Remember you have to be 100% honest with yourself!

Trump University staff are instructed in how to persuade students to put the cost of the course on their credit cards, even if they have just battled to pay off debts.

Trump staff are told to spend lunch breaks in sign-up seminars “planting seeds” in potential students minds about how their lives won’t improve unless they join the programme. They are also told to ask students personal questions to discover weaknesses that could be exploited to help seal the deal.

New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman, who has also sued Trump University, renewed his attacks on Trump on Tuesday. “You are not allowed to protect the trade secrets of a three-card Monte game,” Schneiderman said ahead of the document’s release. “If you look at the facts of this case, this shows someone who was absolutely shameless in his willingness to lie to people, to say whatever it took to induce them into his phony seminars,” Schneiderman said.",1
397,Syria casts shadows on 2016 Dems,"** Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here. **

Buzz Cut:

 • Syria casts shadows on 2016 Dems

 • Kerry claims U.S. could still strike

 • Congress not waiting on Obama

 • President tries to pacify unions on ObamaCare

 • What a bunch of clowns

SYRIA CASTS SHADOWS ON 2016 DEMS - As Vice President Joe Biden and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton crisscross the nation and the globe raising their public profiles (and padding their donor lists) ahead of potential 2016 presidential bids, the Obama administration’s stumbles on Syria are posing serious problems. The Democratic base is in an uproar over the proposed strikes, but neither Biden nor Clinton can politely distance themselves from the president’s policies. They own them. But they can begin a long, slow march away from their president.

Biden could face grilling at steak fry - Vice President Joe Biden heads to Iowa Sunday for Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin’s annual steak fry. The Des Moines Register reports that President Obama’s friction with Harkin and other liberal lawmakers about Obama’s now-shelved request for congressional backing for strikes against Syria could complicate what is usually a casting call for presidential contenders in the home state for the first-in-the-nation nominating caucus.

Job chat in South Carolina - The White House announced Vice President Joe Biden will discuss jobs and infrastructure at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina Monday. South Carolina traditionally hosts the second presidential primary.

At least he warned us! - Vice President Joe Biden called House Republicans “Neanderthals” for resisting Democrats’ ultimately successful effort this year to add men in same-sex couples to the Violence against Women Act. Biden, speaking at a celebration of the act’s 19th anniversary at his official residence, prefaced his “Neanderthal” claim thusly: “I'm going to say something outrageous.” He also touted his legislative expertise: “I think I understand the Senate better than any man or women who’s ever served in there.”

WILL HILLARY ADDRESS SYRIA ON WORLD STAGE? - Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is in Scotland today to speak to the graduating class at St. Andrew’s University. With Britain already backed out of a U.S. coalition for Syria strikes and strong public sentiment there against joining the conflict, what will America’s former top diplomat say? In speeches earlier this week, Clinton voiced general support for President Obama’s Syria policy, but steered clear of his call for airstrikes, preferring to speak of “a strong response” led by the U.N.

Kerry crunch - With her successor stranded in Geneva trying to win weapons talks with his Russian counterpart, a little help from Clinton would surely be appreciated. But will Clinton be willing to sidle up to the unpopular war plan?

Huma rushes back to Hillary - Following her husband Anthony Weiner’s crushing defeat in the New York mayoral election on Tuesday, Huma Abedin, the longtime right-hand woman to Hillary Clinton, is back. Clinton spokesman Philippe Reines, told TPM on Thursday that Abedin has returned to her position as director of the former secretary of State’s team.

Hillary staffs up - The departure of President Obama’s top economic adviser, Gene Sperling, first reported by Fox Business, provides some more manpower for Hillary Clinton’s policy team.  From the NYT: “If Hillary Rodham Clinton runs for president in 2016, Mr. Sperling, 54, is expected to join her team, a quarter-century after he played a prominent role in her husband’s first presidential campaign.” Sperling will be replaced by Obama’s former budget boss, Jeffrey Zients.

Corruption probe touches Hillary - WaPo reports federal investigators are probing a senior campaign adviser to Hillary Clinton’s 2008 campaign, Minyon Moore, as they seek to build a case against D.C. businessman Jeffrey Thompson for his role in launching a shadow campaign to elect D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray.

Trickles down to Virginia governor race - WaPo also reports Virginia Democratic gubernatorial candidate Terry McAuliffe, the longtime top fundraiser for the Clintons, will not return a donation to his 2009 governor campaign from Thompson.

[WSJ’s Kimberly Strassel: “These questions stretch beyond shady money funneling to Gray and Clinton campaigns. Mr. Thompson had reason to have friends in high places, since his accounting firm served as a significant government contractor.”]

With your second cup of coffee... Liberal pundit Peter Beinart looks at the generation gap that could trap Hillary Clinton’s 2016 campaign for the Daily Beast in The Rise of the New New Left : “If the Millennials challenge Reaganite orthodoxy, they will likely challenge Clintonian orthodoxy, too.”

KERRY SAYS ATTACKS STILL POSSIBLE - After the first day of weapons talks, Secretary of State John Kerry maintained that the U.S. is still poised for a unilateral military strike against Syria, despite a political impasse in Washington and President Obama’s tabling of his request for congressional approval. Kerry and Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov continue their discussions today in Geneva over a Russian offer to help secure Syria’s chemical weapons.

[Watch Fox: Richard Grenell, former State Department spokesman, appears in the 10 a.m. ET hour]

Not a game - “Expectations are high. They are high for the United States, perhaps even more so for Russia to deliver on the promise of this moment. This is not a game, and I said that to my friend Sergey when we talked about it initially.” – Secretary of State John Kerry at a press briefing.

Obama to reprise Syria stance - President Obama will sit down with ABC’s George Stephanopoulos for Sunday’s installment of “This Week.”

Dr. K weighs in – From Charles Krauthammer’s syndicated column, The fruits of epic incompetence: “Assad, far from receiving punishment of any kind, goes from monster to peace partner. Putin bestrides the world stage, playing dealmaker. He’s welcomed by America as a constructive partner. Now a world statesman, he takes to the New York Times to blame American interventionist arrogance — a.k.a. ‘American exceptionalism’…”

Some donuts, though, ARE exceptional - Krispy Kreme opened its first store in Moscow on Thursday. WaPo reports nearly 200 people eagerly waited for the store to flip on the famous “hot now” sign.

[WSJ: “Russian President Vladimir Putin may be crude, but he knows how to exploit weakness. And he's sure acting like he has spotted an easy mark in President Obama.”]

FOX NEWS SUNDAY PREVIEW - John Roberts, sitting in for Chris Wallace, hosts Reps. Chris Van Hollen, D-Md., and Michael McCaul, R-Texas, to discuss the challenges of securing chemical weapons in civil war-torn Syria, and the potential pitfalls of relying on Russia.

CONGRESS NOT WAITING ON OBAMA - Campaign Carl Cameron - “Could the rare, bipartisan emergency meeting of the nation’s top four congressional leaders Thursday signal that Hill leaders have given up hope of real help from the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue on solving looming fiscal crises?

Congress has learned to expect little from President Obama where budget matters are concerned. And the president's zig-zagging struggle for a coherent Syria policy has led many to conclude that the president is no longer becoming a lame duck. He is one.

House Speaker John Boehner, along with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, sat down with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi to discuss the possibility of a government shutdown at the end of this month, raising the $16 trillion federal debt limit debt in the next five weeks and dealing with the next round of ‘sequestration’ spending caps.

Democrats and Republicans are light years apart on how best to deal with these fiscal issues.  Most will be handled with a series of delaying tactics that will keep the government operating but ignore the hard choices needed for lasting solutions.

Those fights will be fierce and could take the government to the brink, or over it. But the one politician in the mix who no longer worries about future elections is, of course, President Obama. On the Hill, friends and foes alike are already seeing signs that he is now thinking and acting that way.” – Carl Cameron

Boehner in a bind - Conservativemembers of House Speaker John Boehner's caucus are demanding a vote on a measure to defund ObamaCare as part of ongoing budget talks. Conservative lawmakers rejected a compromise plan from leadership earlier this week. Boehner told reporters: “I'm well aware of the deadlines… I think there's a way to get there… There are a million options that are being discussed by a lot of people.”

Baier Tracks: Don’t blame the messenger… “As the Obama administration is having horrible problems trying to contain the Syria crisis, House Speaker John Boehner appears to be having real problems controlling his Republican caucus.

Some Republicans say it’s being trumped up by the media with headlines like this in the NYT: “Boehner Seeking Democrats’ Help on Fiscal Talks.”

The problem: It is all true. This could be a bumpy road to Sept. 30 and a continuing resolution to fund the government, and an even bumpier ride to raise the debt ceiling by mid-October.” – Bret Baier

The last time there was a shutdown - Glen Bolger of top GOP polling firm Public Opinion Strategies reviews how the public blamed Republicans for the 1995 -1996 government shutdowns and how the party’s standing quickly diminished. Then-President Bill Clinton’s approval level bounced to 60 percent while a plurality (48 percent) of respondents blamed Republicans for the shutdown. The same share of voters approved of how Clinton handled the budget negotiations, with only 22 percent approving of then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich’s approach.

[“The anarchists are winning...” --Senate Majority leader Harry Reid, D-Nev. in a press briefing Thursday ,following a meeting with top congressional leaders to discuss avoiding a government shutdown]

OBAMA, BIDEN TRY TO SOOTHE UNION OBAMACARE ANXIETY - President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden will meet with labor leaders at the White House this afternoon after the nation’s largest union, the AFL-CIO, issued a scathing resolution against ObamaCare. Republicans, meanwhile, are trying to head off an expected carve-out for unions getting socked by new ObamaCare regulations.

[Ed. note: Labor leaders are likely to ask a common question in Washington these days: If big business, big insurance and Congress have all gotten special exemptions from the burdens of the law, why not them?]

Mopping up after ObamaCare - Breitbart: “Indiana University is firing 50 maintenance and custodial workers and shifting them to a temp agency to avoid incurring Obamacare costs.”

[Defending Medicare Part D - Former Congressional Budget Office boss Douglas Holtz-Eakin offers his new study for the American Action Forum on how Medicare Part D has beat cost estimates by 48 percent and how the CBO has reduced its cost projection by $100 billion]

NEW EVIDENCE IN IRS SCANDAL - Daily Caller: “House Ways and Means Chairman Rep. Dave Camp vowed that ‘there will be consequences’ after revealing secret emails that… IRS official Lois Lerner sent to her colleagues suggesting collusion between the IRS and Democratic operatives… ‘Tea Party Matter very dangerous… Counsel and Judy Kindell need to be in on this one… Cincy should probably NOT have these cases,’ Lerner said in a February 2011 e-mail…”

DEMS BLOCK CRUZ ON BENGHAZI - Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, offered legislation to create a joint select committee to investigate the Sept. 11, 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic outpost in Benghazi, Libya. Cruz sought unanimous consent to pass the resolution Thursday. Senate Democrats refused.

‘STAND YOUR GROUND’ HEADS TO HILL - Sybrina Fulton, mother of Trayvon Martin, will testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee next week on “stand your ground” laws.

Got a TIP from the RIGHT or LEFT? Email FoxNewsFirst@FOXNEWS.COM

BELTWAY SPELLING BATTLE - Members of Congress will battle reporters in the centennial installment of the National Press Club’s spelling bee on Wednesday. Congressional contenders in the benefit for the club’s Journalism Institute include Sens. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., and Tim Kaine, D-Va. Fox News Chief White House Correspondent Ed Henry will be among those going to bat for the media team.

YOU’D THINK THERE WOULD HAVE BEEN MORE INJURIES…

 AP - “Pennsylvania police said a minivan with two clowns inside crashed outside the York Fair… The minivan was also pulling a trailer with a clown car. Police said the driver, 83-year-old James Billingsley of York, also known as ‘Dimples the Clown,’ suffered a minor bump on the head. His passenger clown, 77-year-old Norman Clouser of York, was unhurt. Police said ‘Dimples’ was wearing clown shoes but the oversized footwear apparently didn't play a role in the crash.”

AND NOW, A WORD FROM CHARLES…“A month ago, [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad] was a war criminal and [Russian President Vladimir Putin] was a pariah for covering in the U.N. on the poison gas attack. And because of how flummoxed our president is, Putin is now a statesman, a partner in peace, and he's in a position where he can lecture the United States of America.”  – Charles Krauthammer on “Special Report with Bret Baier” Watch here.

Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News. Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here. To catch Chris live online daily at 11:30 a.m. ET, click here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
1012,Wisconsin primary: 5 things to watch,"Watch CNN and NY1's Democratic debate, moderated by Wolf Blitzer, Thursday, April 14 at 9 p.m. ET.

Milwaukee (CNN) Two candidates vying to take down their parties' front-runners could get big boosts if they win Tuesday in Wisconsin .

Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is leading Donald Trump in the Badger State's polls. And a Bernie Sanders win would mark his sixth victory over Hillary Clinton in the last seven states to vote.

It's the last big test until April 19, and each candidate has a lot to win — or lose.

Here are five things to watch Tuesday:

Wisconsin is the first electoral test of whether he's paying a price.

But the polls show Cruz with a 10-point lead in Wisconsin -- and if that margin grows Tuesday, it'd be a sign that the controversies swirling around Trump's campaign are taking their toll.

Still, Trump was inflating expectations Monday in La Crosse.

""I really believe tomorrow were going to have a very, very big victory. Very very big,"" he said. ""You know, I've been up here a lot. And I love it, and the people I love.""

""His team doesn't understand how these processes work so any time they lose they scream, 'The election's been stolen from us,'"" Cruz said Monday on WISN radio in Wisconsin. ""It's just silliness.""

A loss would dent Trump. But it would crush Cruz, who has retail politicked his way across the Badger State as if it were Iowa in recent weeks.

He'll try to pick up 42 more in Wisconsin: 18 that go to the statewide winner, plus 24 more chosen three apiece by the state's eight congressional districts.

Part of Wisconsin's importance to Cruz is that the calendar soon shifts to shakier ground for him. He's favored in the winner-take-all South Dakota, Montana and Nebraska contests, but could lose big in the next contest on the calendar, New York on April 19, and then Maryland, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Delaware the following week.

""Just a couple of weeks ago, all of the media commentators were saying Wisconsin was a state that I could not compete and do well,"" Cruz said Monday in Kenosha. ""They were saying it was a state that was a natural state for Donald Trump. The state historically has been a purple or even a blue state at times. It's a state that is, that is very heavily based on manufacturing, that has a lot of union members and working class members. Supposedly, it was Donald Trump's sweet spot, and yet I think the people of Wisconsin, they're looking at the records of the candidates, and they realize that Donald screams and yells a lot, but he has no solutions.""

He was swept in the South, and bloodied in the Rust Belt. But when the race shifted West, Bernie Sanders won five out of six states, regaining his footing and bolstering his argument to take the race all the way through the last contests on June 7.

A win in Wisconsin would give him a significant boost just as the race heads to New York -- the state where he was born, and which Clinton represented in the Senate. It would also give him victories in six out of the seven states in the month leading up to it -- helping to fuel the passion and small-dollar donations driving his candidacy.

At a rowdy Monday evening rally in Milwaukee, Sanders talked repeatedly about ""momentum"" -- touting poll results, his growth from 2015 and a string of recent victories.

""Tomorrow, if there is a good turnout here in Wisconsin, if there is a record-breaking turnout here in Wisconsin, we are going to win here as well,"" he said.

How problematic is a loss for Clinton?

Clinton's campaign has downplayed the Wisconsin primary for weeks, arguing that the state's results won't tip the delegate count significantly in either direction. The former secretary of state wasn't even in Wisconsin on Monday -- instead campaigning in New York, where she faces a closer-than-expected contest in two weeks.

For more than a month, Clinton has tried to shift her attention to Republicans and the general election. Yet much like Clinton against then-Sen. Barack Obama in 2008, Sanders' persistent presence won't allow it.

Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook is telling supporters not to worry.

In a memo posted on Medium Monday evening, Mook wrote: ""Sanders has to win the four remaining delegate-rich primaries -- New York, Pennsylvania, California, and New Jersey -- with roughly 60% of the vote. To put that in perspective: Sanders has thus far won only two primaries with that margin: Vermont and New Hampshire.""

He calls the campaign's delegate lead ""nearly insurmountable.""

Rubio, in fact, still has more delegates than Kasich.

""He's just a stubborn guy,"" Trump said of Kasich. ""He's stubborn. He doesn't want to leave.""

Wisconsin, just like Michigan and Illinois before it, is the sort of state where Kasich ought to have a strong showing. Public polls have showed him within striking distance of Trump for second place -- and finishing ahead of Trump would be a major boost.",1
1133,Trump is closer to what most Republicans believe than the ‘establishment’ candidates are,"On Super Tuesday, Donald Trump continued his surprise series of wins, gaining seven out of the 11 states in play that day. In response, many are asking: Why have establishment candidates had such a hard time in this year’s Republican nomination contest?

Some suggest that Republicans who bother to vote in the primaries are farther to the right than the Republicans as a whole – and are unimpressed with the  somewhat more moderate establishment candidates. Others suggest that  less-educated citizens who don’t usually vote are turning out just to vote for Trump.

These may be part of the answer. But we offer a different suggestion to explain Trump’s meteoric rise: The GOP establishment is out of touch with its base. Trump actually represents Republicans better if you examine beliefs issue by issue.

[How political science helps explain the rise of Trump: Most voters aren’t ideologues]

To investigate, we have teamed up with Pollfish, a start-up survey platform, to track American public opinion on 11 key campaign issues weekly during the election season. Pollfish’s survey platform delivers online surveys to almost 200 million potential respondents. We specifically target smartphone owners in the United States. Our sampling technique is best described as randomly targeting people of a sample of adults in the U.S. with smartphones. Using highly technical statistical techniques to adjust for non-response (a legitimate concern in all surveys) coupled with demographic breakdowns of the voting population derived from Big Data on all registered voters in the U.S., we monitor public opinion on these issues broken down by the general population and by party, and compare it to leading political figures in the 2016 primary season.

Let’s look here at opinion on three highly divisive and partisan issues:

On all three issues, most Democratic politicians (including both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders) agree very strongly or strongly. The “establishment” Republican candidates (including both Sens. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio) disagree very strongly or strongly.

But where do Republican voters stand? Let’s compare them to the general population to see.

[How political science helps explain the rise of Trump: the role of white identity and grievances]

If you look at the figure below, you can see that only 20 percent of the general population supports a complete abortion ban, even in cases of rape and incest – and only 25 percent of Republican voters do. Cruz and  Rubio advocate this position. Trump breaks with the GOP establishment – and agrees with the nearly 60 percent of Republicans who support the right to abortion in these circumstances.

[Donald Trump may be showing us the future of U.S. rightwing politics]

Less than 35 percent of the general population would oppose any additional gun regulation or control. More than 50 percent support at least some increased gun regulation.

On both abortion and guns, less than 15 percent of the general population holds the neutral position; 75  percent hold strong or very strong views. On guns, the Republican voters agree with their elites; all Democratic candidates favor increased gun control while all of Republican candidates favor no additional gun control.

[Okay, so what would a Trump presidency be like?]

We find that 35 percent of the general population strongly support government action to reduce differences in income inequality; 20 percent strongly oppose; and 45 percent hold positions that are either neutral or soft. However, there is a partisan divide. Most Democratic voters do strongly support such measures. Sanders strongly advocates this position; we have defined Clinton as neutral on the issue, both in her rhetoric and her policy proposals, although this may change in coming months.

Republican voters are less clearly aligned – and are certainly not as cleanly aligned with the Republican elite. Trump, Cruz, and Rubio’s tax plans would massively redistribute after-tax income to the highest earners, although that’s not what their rhetoric says. Despite proposing the largest tax cuts, Trump calls CEO pay “a joke and disgraceful,” but offers no policy solutions, and has specifically advocated for the end of the hedge fund carried interest loophole.

We asked a total of eight questions, all framed to measure whether people hold strong or moderate positions on hot-button issues. We consistently found that people were more likely to hold strong opinions on one side or the other than they were to be neutral or mildly opinionated. In other words, public opinion was very polarized. This indicates that elite polarization (i.e., the distance between the policy positions of Republican and Democratic lawmakers) has certainly rubbed off on the general population, at least to a small extent.

But here’s something interesting. Across these three representative issues, 60 percent of the Democratic electorate supports Democratic candidates’ policies strongly (or more so). But only 35 percent of the Republican electorate supports their candidates’ positions.

Does this misrepresentation matter to the voters? It’s hard to know. In 2012, 92 percent of self-identified Democrats voted for Barack Obama, while 93 percent of self-identified Republicans voted for Mitt Romney. Only 6 and 7 percent, respectively, crossed over to vote for the “other” party’s candidate.

If Trump secures the Republican nomination, a greater proportion of Republican voters may cross over, or the Republican Party may splinter on policy, losing pro-immigration business leaders.

But the Democratic candidates are further from the Republican base than Trump is. And Trump’s breaks with Republican orthodoxy may actually be closer to the beliefs of the Republican base. He breaks left to match Republican voters’ beliefs on abortion – and he breaks even further right to match those voters in his extreme positions on on opposing immigration and any pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.

In other words, Trump’s apparent hodgepodge of moderate and conservative positions may actually make him a more representative Republican presidential candidate than the establishment candidates we’ve seen in the past eight years.

It’s certainly possible that Trump’s candidacy will pull the Republican Party back towards the views of Republican voters.

Notes on methodology: We sampled about 1,000 American smartphone users once a week for five weeks between Jan. 11 and Feb. 12, 2016. The total respondents is 4,209. We then model each question using a Bayesian hierarchical regression with age, race, gender, education, race, and party identification. We then weight the obtained probability estimates based on total counts of likely voters derived from the TargetSmart voter file.

Tobias Konitzer is a Ph.D. candidate in communication at Stanford University.

David Rothschild is an economist at Microsoft Research. Find him on Twitter @DavMicRot and PredictWise.com",1
5064,Clinton takes the fight to Trump,"PHILADELPHIA — Charging that Donald Trump “wants us to fear the future and fear each other,” Hillary Clinton took him on with the most powerful line in her party’s tradition.

“Well, a great Democratic president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, came up with the perfect rebuke to Trump more than eighty years ago, during a much more perilous time: ‘The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.'”

Clad in white, the color of the women’s suffrage movement, she noted her special role: that this convention marked “the first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president.” It was, she said, happy news “for grandmothers and little girls and everyone in between.”

But she spoke first of her hopes for the country and how her vision and approach to governing contrasted so sharply with her opponent’s divisive, angry and self-centered campaign.

“Don’t believe anyone who says: ‘I alone can fix it.’ Those were actually Donald Trump’s words in Cleveland. And they should set off alarm bells for all of us.”

She made clear that she had no intention of ceding economically discontented  voters to Trump.

“Democrats,” she declared, “are the party of working people.”

“My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages, right here in the United States,” she said. “From my first day in office to my last. Especially in places that for too long have been left out and left behind.”

This was a convention in which the word “we” was invoked by speaker after speaker, from President Obama to the Rev. William Barber as a talisman and a commitment. In the hour before Clinton spoke, Barber gave a stirring stem-winder of a sermon that ended with the whole convention shouting “Alleluia!”

Clinton embraced the communitarian theme, signaling that her “Stronger Together” slogan would remain at the heart of her campaign.

“Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer, fairer and stronger,” she declared. “None of us can do it alone. That’s why we are stronger together.”

And she underscored the other side of that catchphrase by warning that Trump would divide the nation.

“Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart,” she said. “Bonds of trust and respect are fraying. And just as with our founders, there are no guarantees. It’s truly is up to us. We have to decide whether we’re going to work together so we can all rise together.”

As she often has in the past, Clinton cited as her guiding principle a favorite teaching from her Methodist faith: “Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as ever you can.”

She included a lengthy tribute to Bernie Sanders, whom she praised for having “put economic and social justice issues front and center, where they belong.”

And she pledged to live up to the hopes that inspired their engagement. “Your cause,” she said, “is our cause.”

She struck populist themes that should resonate with Sanders’s backers. “Wall Street can never ever be allowed to wreck Main Street again,” Clinton said. She attacked big money in politics and promised fairer trade deals, a higher minimum wage and an expansion of Social Security benefits. It was a speech that ratified the progressive thrust of the party’s platform and its move in a more progressive direction.

Her speech capped a star-studded, thematically coherent and methodically organized convention that contrasted sharply with a shambolic Trump gathering in Cleveland that most leading Republicans shunned.

She faced the challenge of following a passionately persuasive address on her behalf by Obama, much as Obama had to follow a similarly successful speech by Bill Clinton four years ago.

Her style was very different from Obama’s. She spoke quietly, deliberately and often affectingly, particularly when discussing her mother, who was abandoned by her parents and “was saved by the kindness of others.” It was a powerful speech in which she combined the personal with policy, a vigorous defense of the Obama record with an insistence that she would tackle the problems left unsolved and the injustices that still needed righting.

 Again and again, she came back to Trump’s shortcomings and hypocrisies. She charged he was “in the pocket of the gun lobby” and displayed that her party is no longer fearful of the gun issue.

Sounding a theme her campaign has signaled it will drive home, she highlighted Trump’s failure to pay many who had worked for him — “People who did the work and needed the money, and didn’t get it – not because he couldn’t pay them, but because he wouldn’t pay them.”

And she noted Trump’s statement: “I know more about ISIS than the generals do . . .”  She clearly enjoyed reciting the next line: “No, Donald, you don’t.”

In the primaries, Trump’s opponents were fearful of attacking him until it was too late. Clinton showed she would be a happy warrior with no compunction about taking him on.

Democrats have often criticized themselves as putting too much faith in policy. She embraced her persona as someone who proudly sweated policy details. And she promised a campaign rooted in a moral challenge to her opponent: “Yes, the world is watching what we do.”",1
929,An open letter to Donald Trump from Ari Fleischer: Five things you need to do now,"Based on the possibility that you will become the nominee of the Republican Party, and perhaps the  president of the United States, I offer you the following thoughts on what you need to do as this unusual primary season approaches its homestretch.

I do this out of dedication to my country and Party.  I want Republicans to win the presidency and I am worried about the harm that will be done if Secretary Hillary Clinton becomes president.

Your loss in Wisconsin on Tuesday is a sign that your style of campaigning is catching up to you.

You have done a powerful job of energizing some 35 to 40 percent of Republican primary voters and you have made the Republican Party more attractive to lower-income, working Americans who typically question whether the GOP cares about them.  But getting to 50 percent is your problem and many of your recent statements and tweets are driving away the people you need to close the deal.

If you want to close the gap and win a majority of the Party, you need to:

1. Stop fighting with everyone and don’t be so nasty.  When you tweet unflattering pictures of Senator Cruz’s wife and threaten to “spill the beans” about her, question Ben Carson’s faith, offer to pay the legal bills of those who engage in violence, fault POWs, or accuse President Bush of being a liar, you push away voters you need to get to 50 percent.  If you keep acting like this, you will keep your 40 percent -- they love it – but you’ll never hit 50 percent.  It’s too hot, too much, too often.  Pick smarter fights and do so in a less belittling and pejorative manner.  You can make provocative points and be true to yourself if you would only be smarter about how and when you fight.

2. Get your facts right.  Think about how much stronger you would be if you supported your statements with accurate facts or anecdotes.  If you had said “a small group” of Muslims cheered from rooftops in New Jersey on September 11th, no one could have faulted you.  Same thing when you say we “send nothing” to Japan, or when you misstate the trade deficit with China. You often fudge up your poll numbers too.  You regularly show that facts are malleable to you, and that raises doubts about your substantive knowledge on all sorts of matters.

3. Learn more policy.  Your comments about abortion were a double-edged disaster.  You alienated everyone.  They showed you are not familiar with the background of an important emotional issue.  Anyone aware of Right to Life’s thinking knows, mothers are not criminals.  You need to take the time to learn a variety of issues. You might think everyone in Washington is stupid, but there are a lot of smart people in that town who actually care about issues and you should find the ones you trust and listen to them. No one expects you to memorize arcane policy points.  But it will be harder for you to reach 50 percent if voters think you can’t demonstrate sufficient knowledge to sit in the Oval Office.

4. Make policy announcements.  You’re an outsider with business experience and people want to hear what you would do if elected, beyond building a wall.  On energy policy, corporate welfare, agriculture policy and dozens of other matters, you would surprise people and grow your support if you gave a small number of actual policy addresses.  The point will be less what you say about each specific matter (so long as you demonstrate some level of fluency and expertise) and more that you’re capable of doing it.  Some one-third of the Party supports you because they think you’re tough.  You would make inroads with other voters if they thought you were thoughtful.

5. Stop citing polls.  Politicians who talk about polls do so to show the election is all about them.  But elections are not about politicians.  Elections are about the hopes and dreams of the voters and especially now, voters want someone who can lift up our country, defend us, and grow the economy.  I get that you talk about the polls to show you’re a winner.  But if and when you start losing more contests, the polls will define you as a loser. What will you talk about then?  It’s better to knock it off now.  And of course, all the recent polls show you are losing to Hillary.

You got yourself to where you are today by demonstrating an uncanny, powerful, outsider’s bravado.  But the gap between 40 percent and 50 percent support is immense.  The higher hanging fruit is tough to get, and you won’t likely earn that support if you stay on your current path.

The Super Tuesday news conference you held at Mar-A-Lago and your policy speech (on a TelePrompter) to AIPAC were your two best moments demonstrating there is more to you than bravado.

Whatever you do, just remember, you can’t win if you can’t earn a majority.

Former White House press secretary, Ari Fleischer was the primary spokesperson for President George W. Bush. He served as spokesman during the historic presidential recount, September 11th, two wars and the anthrax attack. His best-selling book, ""Taking Heat,"" details his years in the White House. Since leaving the White House, Ari has worked extensively in the world of sports. He has helped Major League Baseball deal with its controversies, as well as its opportunities, and he has worked for the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour and the Sporting Goods Manufacturers Association. He also helps advise several major corporations about their communications issues through his company, Ari Fleischer Sports Communications.",1
5170,The math is with Hillary: She’s surging in the polls — and many Republicans are in denial,"Silver’s model gives Trump a 19 percent chance of winning the election. Right now he has Clinton taking the popular vote by seven points and absolutely crushing Trump in the Electoral College, 353 to 184. Considering that the polarized electorate means each candidate is starting out with a floor of probably 50 million or so votes, these numbers indicate Trump is performing no better against Clinton than a rock covered in orange spray paint would. The GOP’s only chance might be to toss him overboard at the convention and nominate an inanimate carbon rod.

If nothing else, the reduction of this election to the numbers for each candidate reminds us that, for all the sturm und drang up to this point, this election is, like every other presidential election, a fight between two candidates and two competing visions. (As much as Trump can be said to have any vision anyway.) For anyone exhausted by the screaming and unpleasantness of this Democratic primary campaign, it is nice to now catch our breath beneath the solid foundation of math before the conventions and the official general election kick-off sprays us all with its stink. Because Trump’s ego isn’t going to take losing very well. And if the NRA’s new anti-Clinton ad is any indication, neither are the lunatics who have thrown their support behind him.

But if the poll numbers aren’t enough for you, there is the reaction to them by Trump dead-enders, who at this point are the equivalent of flight attendants passing out peanuts and ginger ale while oxygen masks are dropping from the ceiling, the pilot is openly sobbing over the intercom and both wings are on fire.

For example, Roy Edroso points us to this post over at the conservative blog Powerline, which contains this gem of a paragraph:

It is a bit early to be pulling out the “Our candidate would have this election in the bag if we just allowed only white people to vote” line. Mitt Romney at least had the decency to wait until after he lost the 2012 election to take that data point for a walk in public. Or take this one, from National Review’s Rich Lowry, who finds it “remarkable” Trump is competitive in battleground states considering that he is not running a real campaign. For one thing, this is not true. Polls show Trump getting crushed in battleground states. For another, Lowry’s evidence for Trump’s “remarkable” effort is that Clinton has spent $140 million on ads in battleground states while Trump has spent – wait for it – nothing. Literally, he has spent less on ads in battleground states than I spent on lunch on Wednesday. What Lowry misses is that the $140 million is mostly “reserved time” in the future. Clinton spent $26 million running battleground state ads in June. The remaining $114 million has been spent on airtime for ads that will run in the future. In other words, Trump’s numbers are already sinking and the Clinton campaign has yet to unleash a good 80 percent of its ad buy to date. Of course, Silver has been wrong before, mostly because he didn’t want to believe his own polling model. This time he is actually accepting what the polls are telling him. And there is plenty of evidence to back him up. National polls consistently give Clinton the lead and show Trump’s support cratering. All of that said, of course, there are always unknown or unforeseen events that could throw everything into chaos. But at the end of the day, this is still a choice between two people, one of whom is wildly unpopular, terrifying and embarrassing to the majority of voters. For all the easily panicked liberals who worry about not taking Trump seriously, right now the signs point to a comfortable Clinton win. That’s not wishful thinking. It’s math. Everyone take a deep breath. There may be four months and lots of ugliness to get through, and it is imperative that the electorate still goes out and demolishes not just Trump but the toxic brew of nativism and xenophobia that is Trumpism. But the end of this whole mishigas of an election is almost in sight.",1
3918,The Week That Hillary Clinton 2016 Speculation Moved From Trickle To Stream,"And it looks like that time is nigh. Clinton is starting to deliver public orations again, as consultants start to eye the chessboard and grassroots activists start to gin up support and raise ducats for a campaign-in-waiting. There's no doubt that we're still several steps short of a critical mass -- let alone an announcement from the former secretary of state and presidential aspirant herself. But whatever dam had been previously holding back the flood has started to show some signs of cracking, and the discussion has begun anew.

We must pause here at the outset and offer praise to Clinton for doing everything in her power -- by which I mean, nothing at all -- to delay the sort of advance-hype for the 2016 election cycle that we might otherwise be in up to our waist. See, as long as Clinton says nothing definitive about whether she's running, she effectively ""freezes the field."" Other Democratic contenders can't start contending. Republican rivals who lack real game have to keep their mouths shut as well. We're not drowning in stories, speculating about when Andrew Cuomo is going to visit Des Moines (though I'm sure Des Moines can't wait), and no one is getting tumescent over the tricksy consultants Martin O'Malley is hiring.

And that's great for America! Most people can't wait to keep right on waiting to spend their every waking hour reading about the 2016 election. I don't know if there is some large group of non-partisan, single-issue voters whose primary desire is to be allowed to not have to contemplate elections four years before they happen, but if such a voting bloc exists, they all owe Hillary Clinton their support, for being a force for good in this area. They should also stop reading now, because I'm going to cave in, and try to highlight what's interesting about these recent developments.

Despite Clinton's best field-freezing efforts, we were never destined to live in a world where hot speculation over her presidential prospects were restrained. The biggest news that came out of Clinton's appearance on ""60 Minutes"" alongside President Barack Obama was Obama playfully calling interlocutor Steve Kroft ""incorrigible"" for asking whether he was endorsing Clinton for president. Days later, people went nuts over a Public Policy Polling poll that found that the state of Texas was ""in play"" for Clinton. And grousing from political speculators over Clinton's coyness began to manifest itself. Chris Cillizza wrote a post insisting in one breath that ""Clinton likely won't have as much time to luxuriate in not working -- and not thinking about whether she wants to run in 2016 -- as she might want,"" and admitting in the next, ""It's hard to pinpoint a particular date but it's hard to imagine her being able to wait much beyond the 2014 midterm elections.""

If I'm not mistaken, Bill Clinton also launched an ""office of Bill Clinton"" website after his term ended, so if you wanted to hew to safe assumptions, you would probably just contend that Hillary Clinton is following the same practice. But CNN continued in an altogether different vein, contending that the photo was ""attention-grabbing,"" that there was special meaning in the way her old website sent visitors to the new one that was a de facto reason to speculate on her presidential ambitions, and that there was a special mystery in the way that the ""site was purchased through a service allowing the purchaser to remain anonymous.""

It's not uncommon, of course, for political luminaries to find themselves the beneficiaries of supporters who want to build a ""campaign-in-waiting."" Back in 2008, Ed Rollins tried to do much the same for Mike Huckabee. Similar efforts were made on behalf of Jon Huntsman and Mitch Daniels. The efforts didn't amount to much. Huntsman was the only one of the three who ran, and he didn't get much out of the odd surreal motorcycle ads that were created ahead of the launch beyond low-single digits in most national polls. Rollins, failing to earn Huckabee's assent, migrated to the campaign of Michele Bachmann. It was a strange arrangement, and it did not end well.

But what Clinton supporters may have brewing could end up being a thing apart. For starters, this undertaking is going to move real money. My colleague Michael McAuliff offers a game prediction: when the next round of campaign filings are perused, you're going to see donations in the amount of $20.16 moving in Clinton's direction. With Carville's imprimatur, Ready For Hillary PAC is going to catch some of that scratch for its coffers. That means the unannounced Clinton ""campaign"" is going to have a double-freeze on the field -- money will be piling up in her corner from the grassroots, and big institutional donors will remain leery of backing someone else's horse until an official decision from Clinton makes it okay to mull backing an O'Malley or a Cuomo.

More importantly, these supporters aren't taking a flier on an unknown. If you recall the draft effort to bring Gen. Wesley Clark into the 2004 campaign, in the apparent belief that his military background would be a compelling ""x-factor"" in the Democratic field, this isn't it. DraftWesleyClark did a respectable job -- in the opening two-week stretch of Clark's campaign, they raised over $3.5 million. But Clark ran from an underdog position, never manifested much facility for communicating on the stump, badly miscalculated by avoiding the Iowa caucuses (where the entire campaign storyline shifted in John Kerry's favor), and ended up as one of the field's semi-respectable also-rans -- not a guy who'd proved worthy of being ""next in line.""

Pareene suggests that the ""rebranding"" efforts the GOP is currently embarked upon might serve as a vital check against the possibility of a return to the paranoid style of Clinton bashing. But between now and 2016, there's going to be a midterm election. The vagaries of redistricting makes the GOP's retention of a House majority a rather easy hang. In the Senate, they have a puncher's chance at returning Harry Reid to minority status, and even if they don't, their filibustering super-minority is working out just fine. By the time the dust has settled on Election Night 2014, the GOP may well declare their ""rebranding"" to have been a success.",1
305,Boehner's big week,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
728,Bernie's not-so-secret-weapon,But he still takes some time out for Twitter feuds.,1
3508,Belgian police mount raids; prosecutors acknowledge missed opportunities,"Belgian authorities missed a chance to press a key terrorism suspect for intelligence in the days ahead of the suicide bombings that struck the capital, prosecutors said Friday, acknowledging a significant security lapse that may have allowed his allies to attack unimpeded.

Even as the men involved in Tuesday’s attacks were racing to strike, fearful that authorities were closing in on them, investigators did not ask the attackers’ jailed ally, Salah Abdeslam, about his knowledge of future plots, Belgian federal prosecutors said Friday.

Abdeslam, believed to be the logistics chief of the Islamic State’s November attacks in Paris, was apprehended March 18, apparently spurring one of the Brussels attackers to write that he feared capture by the police. But after Abdeslam’s arrest, investigators concentrated solely on the Paris attacks. Abdeslam was questioned for two hours last Saturday, the day after he was captured in a raid at a Brussels safe house — and then no other discussions were held until after Tuesday’s attacks, when he refused to speak further, prosecutors said.

The failure to push Abdeslam for concrete intelligence — even as close associates were known to be on the loose — adds to an emerging picture of intelligence agencies, police forces­ and criminal investigators that repeatedly failed to take advantage of opportunities to avert the attacks on Tuesday, the worst single day of violence in Belgium since World War II.

“We cannot exclude that, if everybody had been perfect, this could have gone differently,” Belgian Justice Minister Koen Geens told a special session of Parliament convened Friday to question top security officials about the lapses.

The acknowledgment from the prosecutors came as authorities conducted raids across Brussels and in France and Germany, an indication that they were still hotly pursuing terrorist plots and that the network may spread across a wide stretch of Europe.

Two Belgian Islamic State fighters threatened that “this is just the beginning of your nightmare,” in a video released Friday. “Know we have other targets and we are determined,” said a man identified as Abu Abdullah al-Beljiki, according to a translation by the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors jihadist propaganda.

Belgian commandos and bomb-disposal units on Friday swept through a district at the heart of the Brussels attack probe. The raids followed police operations in France and Germany that displayed the expanding crackdowns that increasingly connect the last two terrorist blows in Europe: November’s bloodshed across Paris and Tuesday’s twin-site suicide bombings in Brussels that killed at least 31 people — including at least two Americans.

Among those arrested in the latest roundups was a French suspect who officials believe was directing a plot for an impending attack in France. The investigation touched off a series of related police raids in Belgium on Friday.

The police actions came as Secretary of State John F. Kerry touched down in Brussels to discuss strategies about how to combat the Islamic State with top European leaders. Kerry met with Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel before joining a Europe-wide security meeting to examine ways to counter militant reach into the continent. Officials have raised alarms about potential threats from citizens returning after fighting with the Islamic State and other groups.

Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Michel, Kerry defended Belgium’s security efforts. He said that it appeared to him at first glance that the Brussels attackers were moved to act because they feared being apprehended by authorities.

“That tells you the dragnet is closing in. It tells you law enforcement is in fact having an impact,” Kerry said. “It may not have worked out as everyone might have wished here, but if that is true . . . it tells you a lot about what’s beginning to become effective.”

But even Abdeslam’s attorney has suggested that his client may possess knowledge that could avert future terrorist attacks on European soil, further highlighting the lapse by Belgian investigators not to press Abdeslam for intelligence ahead of the Brussels attacks. The prosecutors said that they were slowed by the doctors’ treatment of the gunshot wound to the leg that Abdeslam suffered in the raid before his capture.

Abdeslam was not “up to date” about the Brussels attacks, his attorney, Sven Mary, told the Europe 1 radio network on Thursday.

But, Mary said, “I would not want him to stop talking for lots of reasons. To stop talking could face us again with other Zaventems and other Bataclans, and I would perhaps like to avoid that.”

He was referring to Brussels Airport in Zaventem, where two suicide bombers struck on Tuesday, and the Bataclan nightclub in Paris that was a target of the November attacks.

In raids across Brussels on Friday, police detained three people, including in a large operation in the Schaerbeek area, which has become a focal point of investigations into Tuesday’s attacks. Dozens of black-clad security officers swarmed a wide avenue to detain one person, setting off fears in a city still on edge from the recent violence.

Belgian TV aired amateur footage of the detention that appeared to show a man who had been shot in the leg being dragged away from a tram stop by counterterrorism police while a bomb-disposal robot waited nearby. Belgian prosecutors said the man was arrested in connection with a French raid a day earlier.

In Germany, authorities held a man who was deported from Turkey in July alongside Brussels suicide attacker Ibrahim el-Bakraoui, 29, over suspicions of trying to fight in Syria. A German official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said it was not immediately clear whether the man detained Thursday had direct ties to Bakraoui.

[Families still in desperate wait for news after attacks]

Both Bakraoui and his 27-year-old brother, Khalid el-Bakraoui, who also blew himself up on Tuesday, were on a U.S. terrorism watch list ahead of the attack, according to a U.S. official speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence matters.

It was not clear whether they had been on the U.S. “no-fly” list.

Neighbors said Friday that the Bakraoui family appeared unexceptional in the diverse Laeken area of Brussels. The brothers’ father was a butcher and their mother is a housewife. As for the siblings themselves, “they seemed very nice people, never the thugs with the caps who make people scared. Absolutely not,” said Fatima, 31, a family friend and neighbor who spoke on the condition that her last name not be used.

Belgium’s federal prosecutor said Friday that the suspect detained in a raid the previous night in the Paris suburb of Argenteuil is believed to have connections to Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the deceased ringleader of the November attacks that left 130 dead.

Reda Kriket, a 34-year-old French citizen, had been convicted in a Belgian court in July of participating in the activities of a terrorist group, the prosecutor said. French authorities said that he had been planning an imminent attack on their country.

Meanwhile, the list of the Brussels victims became clearer.

At least two Americans were killed, a U.S. official said Friday, but their names were not disclosed.

Also among the dead from the airport bombings: a Dutch brother and sister who lived in the United States. They were Alexander Pinczowski, 29, and Sascha Pinczowski, 26, said a representative for their family, James Cain.

Cain, the father of Alexander Pinczowski’s fiancee and a former U.S. ambassador to Denmark, said the siblings had hoped to become U.S. citizens.

The Belgian Foreign Ministry announced that André Adam, a former ambassador to the United States, died in the attacks.

Britain, China and France also confirmed at least one citizen each among the fatalities, while the Netherlands confirmed one citizen in addition to the Pinczowskis.

James McAuley, Missy Ryan, Annabell Van den Berghe and Souad Mekhennet in Brussels and Adam Goldman, Lindsey Bever and Brian Murphy in Washington contributed to this report.

In Syria and Iraq, the Islamic State is in retreat on multiple fronts

Anti-terrorism crackdowns may have spurred attackers, Belgian prosecutor says

The many missing pieces in the Brussels attacks investigation",1
3315,VA secretary apologizes for misstating military service to homeless veteran,"Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald apologized Monday for misstating that he served in the military's special forces while speaking to a homeless veteran during a segment that aired last month on 'CBS Evening News.'

Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington, before the House Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing on the Department of Veterans Affairs budget, Feb. 11, 2015. McDonald apologized Monday, Feb. 23, 2015, for misstating that he served in the military's special forces. McDonald made the erroneous claim while speaking to a homeless veteran during a segment that aired last month on 'CBS Evening News.'

Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald apologized Monday for misstating that he served in the military's special forces.

McDonald made the erroneous claim while speaking to a homeless veteran during a segment that aired last month on ""CBS Evening News.""

In a statement released Monday by the VA, McDonald said: ""While I was in Los Angeles, engaging a homeless individual to determine his veteran status, I asked the man where he had served in the military. He responded that he had served in special forces. I incorrectly stated that I had been in special forces. That was inaccurate and I apologize to anyone that was offended by my misstatement.""

The VA website says McDonald is an Army veteran who served with the 82nd Airborne Division. The Huffington Post website, which first reported on McDonald's mistake, noted Monday that the 82nd is not considered part of special forces.

McDonald said he remains committed ""to the ongoing effort to reform VA.""

The White House issued a statement Monday saying, ""We take him at his word and expect that this will not impact the important work he's doing to promote the health and well-being of our nation's veterans.""

President Barack Obama chose the former Procter & Gamble CEO to take over the scandal-plagued VA last year, and McDonald took office last July. The questions about McDonald's service come as TV newsmen Brian Williams and Bill O'Reilly have had their claims about covering foreign wars called into question.",1
4959,Trump campaign shake-up,"(CNN) Donald Trump's campaign is undergoing a major staff shake-up with less than three months to Election Day, adding two officials to top posts overseeing his struggling campaign and signaling a shift toward campaigning as a scorched earth outsider in order to win.

Trump has named Steve Bannon, the executive chairman of Breitbart News and a former investment banker, to the post of chief executive and promoted Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser and pollster to his campaign, to the position of campaign manager, Conway confirmed to CNN early Wednesday morning.

The addition of Bannon -- known for his brass-knuckled demeanor and his website's sharp tone -- came hours after reports surfaced that Roger Ailes, the recently ousted head of Fox News, will begin to advise Trump as he prepares for the presidential debates. The influence of both men lays the groundwork for unleashing Trump this fall from the more traditional presidential candidate framework, which Campaign Chairman Paul Manafort's leadership was brought on to create.

Manafort, the campaign's chief strategist, will stay on in his campaign chairman role, Conway said.

""I look at it as an expansion of the team. Paul remains as chairman,"" Conway told CNN.

Manafort himself said it was an ""exciting day for Team Trump"" in an emailed memo to the campaign staff that was provided to CNN by a campaign source. He added that he will provide the ""big picture, long-range campaign vision"" that will guide the campaign to victory in November.

But sources close to the campaign told CNN that while Manafort and his deputy Rick Gates will remain on staff, they will return to their Washington, D.C. base largely sidelined.

Instead of Manafort's attempts to make Trump a more traditional candidate, Bannon will take over as Trump's top adviser, giving Trump free rein to run as the outsider candidate who won the Republican primaries.

Bannon's ascension solidifies an informal, mutually beneficial relationship between Breitbart, which has unapologetically championed Trump, and the campaign. The website, which Bannon has been closely involved with since its launch in 2007, has also been a center for conspiracy theories about Clinton's health as well as stories about Bill Clinton's alleged treatment of women.

The campaign's changes came as tensions mounted inside Trump's campaign in recent weeks and as Trump's relationship with Manafort soured to the point that several people close to the campaign warned that a major staff shake-up might be imminent, sources close to the campaign told CNN.

The staffing shake-up follows several weeks of negative headlines and alarming polls for Trump who is trailing Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, in nearly every key battleground state and lagging in the latest national polls.

Trump decided on the changes this weekend after speaking with campaign donors at a fundraiser in The Hamptons, including Rebekah Mercer, a high-profile GOP donor with longstanding ties to Conway, who shared her concerns with Trump about the direction of the campaign, a source told CNN.

Trump then called Conway on Sunday from his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, to express his displeasure with the direction of his struggling campaign, sources close to the campaign said.

Notably, he made the decision without input from his adult children who were off traveling during the weekend, sources close to the campaign said.

Donald, Jr., Eric and Ivanka Trump have been influential advisers in the campaign and key mediators between Trump and Manafort, often also guiding their father to mollify his rhetoric and run a more conventional campaign.

Trump's call to Conway came the same day Trump also met with Ailes at the same golf club.

Returning from an overseas vacation, Trump' son-in-law Jared Kushner, a top campaign official, convened a meeting at Trump Tower with Manafort, Gates, Bannon and Conway on Trump's orders to announce the shift in roles, sources said.

The Trump campaign denied that Ailes would be taking on any role with the campaign and campaign aides also received a memo Tuesday slapping down those reports, according to a source close to the campaign.

In a statement from the campaign Wednesday morning outlining the changes, Trump said he was willing to do ""whatever it takes to win this election.""

""I have known Steve and Kellyanne both for many years. They are extremely capable, highly qualified people who love to win and know how to win,"" Trump said in the statement. ""I believe we're adding some of the best talents in politics, with the experience and expertise needed to defeat Hillary Clinton in November and continue to share my message and vision to Make America Great Again.""

Second major shake-up of the summer

The shake-up marks the second major change in the top rungs of the billionaire's campaign.

Trump just two months ago fired his campaign manager Corey Lewandowski after weeks of internal fighting between Lewandowski and Manafort, who was initially brought on to oversee Trump's efforts to stave off the possibility of a contested convention.

As the campaign shake-up neared, campaign aides pointed fingers at each other, the campaign's pollsters quarreled over strategy and the friction between Trump and Manafort became apparent.

Both Trump and Manafort discussed the friction in their relationship with friends in recent days, and a close associate described Trump as frustrated at the state of the race, leveling complaints that he has been the victim of bad advice from his political team.

""Mr. Trump doesn't trust him anymore. That's it. Pure and simple,"" a source familiar with the tensions told CNN, adding that Trump's gaffes and controversial statements in recent weeks have been fueled in part by his ""exasperation"" with the campaign's management.

""When Mr. Trump doesn't feel comfortable with the way things are managed or the way things are, he has a tendency to try to do everything, thus his exasperation becomes apparent. It manifests itself,"" the source said.

Several people in touch with Trump or his top political advisers in recent days said they had heard a shake-up was possible. But some cautioned that such chatter was predictable and inevitable when any campaign faces tough times.

Trump's decision to overhaul his campaign's leadership came as recent polls showed Clinton thrashing Trump in the key battleground states and even gaining a lead in several states that typically lean Republican, such as Georgia.

And the decision also follows a slew of self-inflicted wounds since the Democratic National Convention wrapped, with Trump exchanging barbs with the parents of a slain US soldier, reigniting intra-party tensions by initially declining to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan in his reelection bid and ultimately suggesting that ""Second Amendment people"" could act to keep Clinton from appointing liberal Supreme Court justices should she become president.

Trump's campaign advisers have sought to refocus him, including through a pair of scripted policy speeches on the economy and terrorism that offered a stark contrast to Trump's freewheeling style.

But Trump has repeatedly said he is resistant to change and reiterated that Tuesday in an interview with a local news station in Wisconsin.

""I am who I am. It's me. I don't want to change. Everyone talks about, 'Oh are you going to pivot?' I don't want to pivot. You have to be you. If you start pivoting you are not being honest with people,"" Trump told WKDT.

Lewandowski, who is now a CNN political commentator, has continued to informally advise Trump, according to sources familiar with their ongoing conversations.

Lewandowski said Tuesday evening on CNN that while Trump may try to be ""more inclusive,"" Trump ""knows who he is internally.""

""What he's going to do is remain true to himself, which is what this campaign has been about,"" Lewandowski said.

Internal finger pointing abounded in recent days as recent media accounts have portrayed a campaign in disarray and at-times feuding with frustrated GOP leaders. Differences between the Trump campaign's pollsters Tony Fabrizio and Conway, who was promoted to campaign manager, were also the source of recent tensions.

The source noted that Lewandowski had issued a similar campaign memo when Manafort was hired in a volunteer capacity with the campaign.",1
5123,"Republican convention speakers: Ivanka, Newt","The roster of speakers at the convention to officially nominate Donald Trump is a colorful mix of political leaders, entertainers, personalities and the candidate's family members -- in keeping with his campaign's unorthodox style. The presumptive GOP nominee's wife, Melania Trump, will speak on Monday, the convention's opening night. Daughter Tiffany Trump and son Donald Trump Jr. will address the convention Tuesday evening. Trump's younger son, Eric, will speak on Wednesday. Thursday's program includes a speech by daughter Ivanka Trump -- a key figure in her father's inner circle -- followed by the billionaire businessman's speech Thursday night accepting the GOP nomination. Newly-minted Trump running mate Mike Pence will speak on Wednesday evening.

""I wake up this morning to find out that I'm speaking at the Republican National Convention,"" Tebow said. ""It's amazing how fast rumors fly and that's exactly what it is -- a rumor.""

Each night of the four-night gathering in Cleveland will center on a different theme, such as security, immigration and the economy.

The first night's focus will be on security and immigration, with discussions of the Benghazi attack and the U.S. border. Speakers include Jamiel Shaw, whose son was killed by an undocumented immigrant, and Cotton. Sen. Joni Ernst of Iowa -- the first female combat veteran elected to the Senate -- will also speak, as will Rep. Ryan Zinke, a former Navy Seal. Benghazi attack survivors Mark Geist and John Tiegen will also speak at the convention Monday night. A late Monday speaking addition is Pastor Mark Burns, a prominent African American evangelical leader, Bloomberg reported Sunday. On the second night, speakers will emphasize the economy. Presenters include Dana White, the UFC president, retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, whose name appeared on some VP shortlists, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan. Sen. Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia will also, as will Ben Carson, a Republican primary rival-turned-Trump supporter. The third night will feature Indiana Gov. Pence, as he's officially nominated for vice president. Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich -- running mate finalist through the end of last week -- is also slated that evening. So is Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Sen. Ted Cruz, the GOP primary runner-up to Trump, who has yet to endorse the nominee-to-be. Also speaking Wednesday night will be Eileen Collins, a pioneering woman astronaut, and Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, who was thrust into the national spotlight following the Orlando terror attacks. An additional prominent Floridian, Sen. Marco Rubio, will speak on Wednesday night. After a bruising primary fight against Trump, including a bevy of attacks questioning the front-runner's physical attributes, Rubio later decided to seek re-election to his Senate seat. It was unclear until late this weekend whether Rubio would be on the convention speaker's list. Tennis balls bounced from Cleveland ""event zone"" — but not guns Trump himself will speak on the fourth and final night. RNC Chair Reince Priebus will speak that night, as will business leaders such as Thiel, a co-founder of PayPal, who caused a stir in May when he revealed that he financed several lawsuits, including the one brought by Hulk Hogan, against Gawker. While much of the journalism community bemoaned the thought of a billionaire suing a news outlet into oblivion -- Gawker filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in June and will be sold in an auction next month -- others celebrated Thiel's secret legal battle, which he described as ""specific deterrence."" It appears Trump may support Thiel's efforts. The GOP nominee said earlier this year that he intends to ""open up"" libel laws, making it easier to sue news organizations. But after a Florida jury awarded Hogan $140.1 million in his case against Gawker, Trump signaled that such reform might not be necessary. ""I might not have to, based on Gawker. Right?"" he said. A number of other Republican lawmakers, business leaders, and celebrities are also slated to appear. That includes actor and director Scott Baio, best known for his roles on ""Happy Days"" and ""Charles in Charge""; Willie Robertson, star of ""Duck Dynasty""; and former Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey, among others. a list that includes former President Bush 41 and 43, former GOP presidential nominees Sen. John McCain and Mitt Romney, and several current GOP lawmakers. a list that includes former President Bush 41 and 43, former GOP presidential nominees Sen. John McCain and Mitt Romney, and several current GOP lawmakers. Notably, many Republican leaders have also said they will skip the convention, a list that includes former President Bush 41 and 43, former GOP presidential nominees Sen. John McCain and Mitt Romney, and several current GOP lawmakers.",1
216,Congress clears $1.8 trillion tax and spending bills,"“You can’t be in a rush to do the wrong thing, either,” she said. “This is serious stuff.”",1
1644,5 things to watch in tonight’s debate,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
3156,Romney tears into GOP for not criticizing Trump,"Romney's condemnation, made here at the Stein Eriksen Lodge before hundreds of his donors and business partners, highlighted the ill will between the last two GOP nominees for president.

The former Massachusetts governor harshly criticized Republican candidates such as Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, as well as super PACs such as Jeb Bush's well-funded Right to Rise group, for not stopping Trump in the primary. The two candidates largely avoided attacking Trump for much of their campaigns. He made the comments before many of the individuals who had helped fund those very candidates.

""Ted Cruz was basically praising Donald Trump through the whole process until the very end,"" Romney told CNN's Wolf Blitzer, who was hosting the discussion. As for Kasich, ""he was in well after the time there was no possible pathway to becoming the nominee.""

Romney's broadsides were warmly received by many of his allies, earning a 21-second round of applause when he wondered aloud about the future of the GOP.

""I find this so troubling, and I know a lot of folks are saying, 'Mitt just get off your high horse on this and get behind the guy.' But these things are personal. I love this country. I love the founders. I love what this country is built upon and its values and seeing this is breaking my heart,"" Romney said. The 2012 nominee was visibly emotional and appeared to tear up when making the remarks. Yet Romney still preached tolerance. He declined to criticize previous speakers, including House Speaker Paul Ryan and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus, who pitched Trump to the well-heeled crowd this weekend, and said he would not try and sway the GOP elites assembled here to abandon their nominee. And he recognized as legitimate the notion that some Republicans may choose to back Trump solely to prevent Hillary Clinton from appointing Supreme Court nominees, calling it a ""darn good reason."" The day before, Romney had told Blitzer in an interview that he worried about the moral fraying of society should Trump become the nominee: ""I don't want to see trickle-down racism,"" he said. Donald Trump: Mitt Romney 'let us down' Donald Trump: Mitt Romney 'let us down' And before the crowd here on Saturday, Romney used another former president as an example of how society is shaped by his example. ""Bill Clinton's dalliances in the White House affected the sexual inclinations and practices of a generation, and probably beyond,"" he said. But Romney was also challenged by some questioners who were trying to whip up support for Trump. Romney has pledged to never support Trump, and many of his fund-raisers feel similarly. ""We've got to get behind him,"" one man implored the crowd. ""These are the cards we've been dealt."" Romney was also pressed as to why he accepted the endorsement of Trump during his 2012 presidential run given Trump's zest for ""birtherism,"" or the idea that President Barack Obama was not born into the United States and is thus ineligible to be president. Romney said he saw Trump's comments as ""nutty"" but not disqualifying. Now, the pair are using one another as political foils, with Trump blasting his GOP predecessor. On Saturday in Tampa, Florida, he called Romney someone who ""let us down"" and writing on Twitter that Romney ""choked like a dog."" The former Massachusetts governor brushed off the attacks. ""I have dogs. I don't know dogs choking,"" Romney said to laughs. ""That's an insult that somehow doesn't work."" Romney did, though, express some regret over his failed 2012 campaign, saying that he, like Bush, had failed to connect his economic vision with average, middle-class voters. But for now, Romney said he was trying to remain focused on the future, though he has now ruled out serving in the next White House. ""Had there been a President Bush or a President (Marco) Rubio or a President (Scott) Walker, I might've been happy to be a part of their administration,"" Romney said.",1
4416,How presidents manipulate the media and the public,"When Theodore Roosevelt was president of the New York City police board, he discovered that reporters made remarkably effective assistants. Roosevelt would invite the correspondents on his midnight rambles through the seedy sections of the city, where he sought out corrupt patrolmen. He understood the bitterly competitive nature of the newspaper business in New York in the 1890s, and he recognized the pressure the papers felt to deliver headlines that would arrest readers’ attention. “A Baghdad Night,” shouted the Commercial Advertiser after a typical trawl. “Roosevelt in the Role of Haroun Alraschid. Police Caught Napping.”

The board president took pains to cut a dashing figure. “Sing, heavenly Muse, the sad dejection of our poor policemen,” the World lyricized. “We have a real Police Commissioner. His name is Theodore Roosevelt. His teeth are big and white, his eyes are small and piercing, his voice is rasping. He makes our policemen feel as the little froggies did when the stork came out to rule them.” The papers didn’t uniformly like Roosevelt — the mockery in the World’s tone was evident — but they couldn’t resist the stories he gave them.

David Greenberg rightly begins “Republic of Spin,” his history of spin and the American presidency, with TR. Roosevelt won the New York governorship on the strength of “Rough Riders,” a shamelessly self-promoting account of his exploits in the Spanish-American War; from there he vaulted into the vice presidency and, upon the murder of William McKinley, the presidency. Roosevelt employed the publicity tools that had won him office to work the levers of power. He made himself a story no Washington reporter could pass up, gathering around him a coterie of correspondents whose inside access required strict adherence to ground rules he set. They could quote him only with his express permission. A French writer whom Roosevelt wanted to impress was included in one of the “seances,” as the gatherings were called, and emerged with a notebook of revealing remarks from the American chief executive. The gist shortly appeared in the press. Roosevelt denied having said anything of the sort or even having spoken to the man. He later explained his apparent duplicity: “Of course I said it, but I said it as Theodore Roosevelt and not as the President of the United States!”

What worked for one president became institutionalized, as successful practices do. And the institutionalization of presidential spin paralleled the permeation of spin throughout American life. Greenberg neatly weaves a history of public relations into his political tale; we see the emergence of PR as an accepted and eventually respected industry during the 1920s and after. Equally crucial was the evolution of technology. To get his message to millions, Roosevelt had to work through the press; his fifth cousin, nephew by marriage and progressive protege Franklin Roosevelt exploited the capacity of radio. The new broadcast medium’s apparent absence of spin made its spin all the more powerful. FDR’s radio addresses were cast as fireside chats, with the president speaking simply to his fellow Americans as though they were all sitting around a communal hearth. The first chat set the tone. At a moment when the banking system was paralyzed, when millions of Americans had no idea whether they would ever again see their hard-earned deposits, when the chill of the Great Depression clutched at hearts all across America, Roosevelt’s calm voice came into living rooms and bedrooms like that of a reassuring father and told Americans that everything was going to be all right. They believed him. And their belief became the crucial last link in Roosevelt’s rescue of the banks.

The success of the spin didn’t prevent Americans from realizing they were being spun, and Greenberg devotes another theme of his story to critiques of the whole business. From H.L. Mencken to Hannah Arendt and Garry Trudeau, nearly everyone who has commented on modern politics, modern communications or simply modern life has weighed in on the struggle to shape the terms of debate of democracy. The critiques themselves, meanwhile, contributed to another part of Greenberg’s story: the evolution of what amounted to anti-spin defense systems on the part of the media. Responsible journalists had always sought to counter presidential claims with sources of their own, but during the decades of World War II and the early Cold War, a certain symbiosis developed between big government and big media. Citing national security, presidential administrations would warn the media against peering too closely into the black box of policy, and the media obliged.

But when the Vietnam War went badly, and the Pentagon Papers revealed that administrations had been lying about the war for years, and when Watergate, which grew out of the Pentagon Papers, showed that the deceit went far beyond anything touching national security, the cozy compact was blasted to bits. The media went into full opposition mode. Almost everything every administration official uttered or published was presumed to be dangerously misleading; the radar of the anti-spin systems tracked the enemy missiles from launch and sent interceptors to destroy them.

It didn’t help the government side in its contest with the media that its high ground was soon seized by conservatives who claimed that government was not the solution to America’s problems but the problem itself. Yet, as Greenberg notes, even the anti-government government forces had their spin specialists, with Ronald Reagan being one of the best. How else to explain the Gipper’s ability to walk away from the train wreck of Iran-contra with barely a scratch?

Which leads to the most basic question of all: Does any of this matter? Greenberg guides the reader through six ages of efforts to manage the news (“Age of Publicity,” “Age of Ballyhoo,” etc.), culminating in today’s comprehensive “Age of Spin.” Yet even in our present advanced era, Greenberg declines to grant the spin machines decisive credit. The Reagan revolution, he says, was marked by shrewd management of the media, but it succeeded on its merits. “The idea that Reagan and his team used their media proficiency to fool the public into buying a conservative agenda belonged to the tradition of frustrated protests of antagonists unwilling to credit a rival’s successes. By and large Americans knew what they were getting with Reagan.” Nor is the resistance President Obama has encountered from the Republicans on health care and other issues due to a failure of his spin skills. “You know, I can make some really good arguments defending the Democratic position, and there are going to be some people who just don’t agree with me,” Obama told “60 Minutes,” with Greenberg nodding silently.

Perhaps the spinners offset one another, the way the twin rotors of large helicopters do. Perhaps the American people have become inured to decades of message-massaging. Greenberg’s title suggests disdain for its subject: “Spin” is a label usually reserved for what one’s opponents do. Yet Greenberg is far from categorically critical. “If spin is used for misleading, it is also used for leading,” he writes. “Throughout history, presidents, using the machinery of spin, have contributed to wartime hysteria and baleful complacency, resentment and fear. But they have also given us the golden flares of inspiration that moved the public, in their own times and for decades after.”

Which shows that historians can do it, too.",1
2953,The White House insists it has a plan to fight Islamic State and that it’s working,"To its critics, President Obama’s strategy to combat the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq is weak and incoherent. Even some of the staunchest U.S. allies and partners in the fight worry that the time for what they see as the administration’s incremental approach has long since passed.

The White House maintains that its strategy is comprehensive and that it’s working. Sharp increases in airstrikes and Obama’s recent decision to deploy Special Operations troops, officials say, are part of a fundamental change in the military’s mission developed this fall, along with a new diplomatic push to end the distraction of Syria’s civil war.

In his Sunday-night address to the nation following last week’s San Bernardino, Calif., shooting, Obama outlined the elements of the strategy, assuring Americans that there is a viable plan underway to decimate the Islamic State where it lives. “We will destroy ISIL and any other organization that tries to harm us,” he said, using an alternative name for the militants.

But the White House is clearly frustrated by its failure to communicate the elements of that plan and what it believes has been accomplished.

“Yes, there is a strategy,” Secretary of State John F. Kerry snapped in a speech Saturday. “I know the criticism. We all hear them. . . . But that doesn’t mean it’s wisdom.”

The administration’s insistence that its prudence and patience will pay off — vs. charges of too little, too late — have been the two opposing narratives of the 18-month battle against the Islamic State and the four-year Syrian war it has now overshadowed.

An examination of the recent course of events on the military and diplomatic fronts and interviews with a broad range of stakeholders and experts provide fuel for both arguments.

For more than a year after the Islamic State blitzkrieg swept across Syria and through Iraq to the Baghdad suburbs in the early summer of 2014, U.S. military operations, including airstrikes and training of local ground troops, were in what a coalition spokesman, Col. Steve Warren, called “crisis mode, just trying to keep the barbarians off the gate.”

The Iraqi army had fallen apart. In Syria, as civil war raged in the west, the militants consolidated their control over the north-central and eastern areas of the country, with virtually free access to Syria’s border with Turkey to infiltrate tens of thousands of foreign fighters and equipment.

Airstrikes begun by the United States and its coalition partners — Europeans in Iraq and Arab states in Syria — were tactical, focused on targets of opportunity and the need to prevent collapse. While domestic critics and allies in the region called for more strikes, more support for Syrian rebels, more U.S. boots on the ground and no-fly zones, the administration demurred.

In a broad assessment in August, the Pentagon determined it had succeeded in its initial goals of stopping further Islamic State expansion and reestablishing the foundations of a viable Iraqi military. Amid repeated failures in Syria to organize and arm a rebel force to fight against the militants in Syria, it found hope in the establishment of a Syrian Kurdish and Arab force that has driven the militants from much of the Turkish border.

Adoption of what the military says is its first real operational strategy, following the chaos of the initial year, was marked by September’s change of command of the Baghdad-based headquarters of the U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State. “You have done what was necessary,” U.S. Central Command Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III told departing Lt. Gen. James L. Terry.

The new commander, Lt. Gen. Sean MacFarland, was charged with “operationalizing” the mission, Warren said.

“We always wanted to get into a position where we could apply multiple points of pressure at once, across the whole battle space,” said a senior administration official. “We’re now in position to actually do it. It’s not going to be perfect, it’s not going to be linear, it’s going to be extremely hard.”

Military and administration officials, most speaking on the condition of anonymity about internal decision-making, listed the elements of the comprehensive offensive against “core ISIL” on the ground in both Syria and Iraq.

In Iraq, the focus has been on cutting Islamic State supply lines into Mosul, the militant bastion in the northwest, in preparation for an eventual ground assault, and applying simultaneous pressure along militant front lines stretching south to the city of Ramadi, 70 miles west of Baghdad. “These are not blitzkrieg gains,” Warren said, “but painstaking, incremental work against a dug-in enemy” now made more effective with the ability to integrate airstrikes with a more organized and robust ground force.

Obama has authorized a new, Iraq-based Special Operations task force to conduct ground raids against Islamic State leadership targets in both Iraq and Syria. Administration officials have described a snowballing cycle in which more raids will take more leaders off the battlefield and provide more intelligence to plan still more raids. But it is unclear when the force, initially to number about 100, will be deployed.

Syria, with its separate wars against the Islamic State and between forces of President Bashar al-Assad and rebels seeking to unseat him, is far more complicated.

Regional allies such as Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Jordan, who once flew strike missions along with U.S. warplanes, have largely dropped out, an absence the United States hopes to make up with new agreements with France and Britain.

The “whole battle space” concept includes simultaneous airstrikes along the eastern border with Iraq to further cut militant supply lines, on Islamic State-controlled oil fields, and in the north-central area, where Syrian Kurdish and Arab forces who have captured a wide swath of territory along the border from the militants are organizing to attack the de facto militant capital of Raqqa.

Obama has authorized the deployment of 50 Special Operations troops, the first official U.S. boots on the ground in Syria, to join those forces to assess their readiness and help develop tactical plans, although the Americans are not expected to arrive for several months, defense officials said.

In southern Syria, anti-Assad rebels have met with significant success against government forces, but the Islamic State, sensing an opening, has begun moving into the area. The United States is sending more money and equipment, including heavy, long-range artillery, to Jordan, both to protect its own border and to engage militant targets inside Syria.

But given the new threat to the homeland, the administration’s claims of incremental success have left scornful critics asking why it does not do more. Asked on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday what he hoped to hear in Obama’s speech, presidential hopeful Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) replied: “That he’s going to change his strategy and come up with a regional army to go in destroy the caliphate in Raqqa. . . . The president doesn’t have a strategy.”

Mutual frustration has also been ongoing between the United States, as coalition leader, and regional allies, with some calling for a more aggressive U.S. policy. The United Arab Emirates said last week that it was willing to send ground forces into Syria — something Obama has consistently refused — if others would do the same as part of an international force.

But the region’s governments, including Turkey, are also deeply divided among themselves, leaving the administration as both whipping boy for their complaints and mediator for their disagreements as it tries to implement a broad strategy. In recent weeks, as Kerry has launched a diplomatic effort to bring the civil war to an end in order to shift attention to the counterterrorism fight, Obama himself has intervened in a series of conversations with regional leaders, including Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Saudi King Salman.

Nowhere is the dissention more acute than in northwest Syria, where rebel groups separately backed by the United States and Europe, the Persian Gulf Arab states and Turkey are locked in a melange of battles, often beside forces of al-Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra, against Assad’s military.

The entry of Russian warplanes and Iranian troops on Assad’s side in western Syria has further complicated the situation, increasing the conundrum of how to take back the nearby, remaining 60-mile strip of the Syria-Turkey border in Islamic State hands.

The coalition has said it is ready to launch an all-out air offensive to drive the militants out of the area, located north of Aleppo, Syria’s most-populous city, but not until there are opposition forces on the ground ready to occupy the terrain. And the more the rebels are engaged in the Russian-aided fight against Assad, the less willing they are to switch their attention to the border.

U.S. officials say that a small force of opposition fighters in the area, including about 130 Syrians trained by the Americans in Jordan who are in direct communication with U.S. forces, have had some success. But their operations are still rudimentary. To delineate their lines from those of the Islamic State and avoid their own casualties from coalition airstrikes, they light tires on fire and warn pilots to avoid the smoke.",1
2994,John McCain: NSA Phone Surveillance Program Is Necessary,"At the Pentagon, ""we have duplicated staff, and we have staffs that are four and five times larger than they were during the Vietnam War,"" said McCain. ""We have to get rid of the duplicate ways in the Pentagon and get rid of sequestration because it is destroying our ability to fund the nation.""",1
3626,Charlie Hebdo attack: Three terrorists killed in raids,"(CNN) A pair of dramatic raids Friday in France led to the killing of three terrorists -- one suspected in the fatal shooting of a policewoman and four hostages, the other two in the massacre at the offices of Charlie Hebdo magazine -- and to the freeing of more than a dozen people being held hostage.

The French government's work is not over. There's still a lot of healing to do, a lot of questions to answer about how to prevent future attacks, and the pursuit of a woman wanted in the policewoman's shooting.

Hollande: We are proud of our police

Hollande: We are proud of our police 01:04

Hollande: We are proud of our police

Still, as Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said, ""The nation is relieved tonight.""

•The wife of suspect Cherif Kouachi and the girlfriend of hostage taker Amedy Coulibaly-- Hayat Boumedienne -- exchanged 500 phone calls in 2014, according to Paris prosecutor Francois Molin. The wife told investigators that Cherif and Coulibaly knew each well.

• Cherif Kouachi, a suspect in the Charlie Hebdo slaughter, visited Yemen in 2011 and French authorities were aware of his contacts with terrorist organizations in Yemen and Syria, Molins said at a press conference.

• The government of Yemen has launched an investigation into a possible al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula link to the Charlie Hebdo magazine attack, Mohammed Albasha, Yemen's spokesman in Washington, tweeted Friday.

• Four hostages were killed and 15 survived in the standoff between an armed terrorist and police at a Paris kosher grocery store on Friday, according to Israeli government sources who characterized a phone conversation between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and French President François Hollande.

• U.S. President Barack Obama said he wants the people of France to know that the United States ""stands with you today, stands with you tomorrow"" after this week's terror. He told a crowd in Tennessee that ""we stand for freedom and hope and dignity of all human beings, (and) that's what Paris stands for.""

• The FBI and U.S. Department of Homeland Security issued a bulletin to law enforcement across the United States discussing the Paris terrorist attack this week and the sophistication of the tactics, a U.S. law enforcement source told CNN. The bulletin says the attacks demonstrated ""a degree of sophistication and training traditionally not seen in recent small armed attacks,"" the official said.

A salesman, who identified himself only as Didier, told France Info radio that he shook one of the gunman's hands at about 8:30 a.m. as they arrived at the business. Didier said he first thought the man, who was dressed in black and heavily armed, was a police officer.

As he left, the armed man said, ""Go, we don't kill civilians."" Didier said, ""It wasn't normal. I did not know what was going on.""

The gunmen told police that they wanted to die as martyrs, Yves Albarello, who is in France's Parliament, said on channel iTele. The area, meanwhile, was locked down -- with children stuck in schools, roads closed and shops shuttered.

Shortly before 5 p.m., gunshots and at least three large explosions pierced the relative silence. .

Soon after, men could be seen on the roof of the building where the brothers had holed up. Four helicopters landed nearby.

Word came that the brothers were dead and that a man who had been hiding in the building was safe, said Bernard Corneille, the mayor of nearby Othis.

At the same time, in a different setting near Paris's Porte de Vincennes about 40 kilometers (25 miles) away, a similar crisis played out at a kosher store.

Like Cherif Kouachi, a man claiming to be Coulibaly called BFMTV on Friday. At the scene, witnesses heard Coulibaly demand freedom for the Kouachi brothers, according to police union spokesman Pascal Disand.

Law enforcement swarmed the area. Dozens of schools went on lockdown.

A resolution came a few minutes after the Dammartin-en-Goele climax, in the form of explosions and gunfire. Up to 20 heavily armed police officers moved into the store. They came out with a number of civilians.

Not everyone made it. Hollande said four people were killed. Israeli government sources told CNN that Hollande told Netanyahu that four hostages were killed and 15 were rescued. Molins said four hostages were killed by the gunman before police stormed the market.

In a speech Friday night, Hollande called the Porte de Vincennes deaths an ""anti-Semitic"" act.

He urged his countrymen not to respond with violence against Muslims, saying, ""Those who committed these acts have nothing to do with the Muslim religion.""

""Unity"" he said, ""is our best weapon.""

That kind of military language is apt when you're talking about two deadly attacks and violent standoffs in a few days.

It's something that a man, who asked to be called simply Teddy, understands. He was outside Henri Dunant elementary school in Dammartin-en-Goele on Friday, hoping to pick up his young son.

And, eventually, the students did leave the school -- accompanied by police officers who held their hands and, in some cases, lifted them onto an awaiting bus that would take them to safety.

""It's like a war,"" Teddy said. ""I don't know how I will explain this to my 5-year-old son.""

This ""war"" erupted two days ago, when a pair of heavily armed men -- hooded and dressed in black -- entered the Paris offices of Charlie Hebdo, the satirical magazine known for its provocative, often profane, take on religion, politics and most anything else.

They burst into a meeting, called out individuals, and then executed them. The dead included editor and cartoonist Stephane Charbonnier and four other well-known cartoonists known by the pen names: Cabu, Wolinski, Honore and Tignous.

Authorities followed a lead Thursday morning from a gas station attendant near Villers-Cotterets, about 40 kilometers (25 miles) from Dammartin-en-Goele, whom Cherif Kouachi, 32, and Said Kouachi, 34, reportedly threatened as they stole food and gas. Police think the brothers may have later fled on foot into nearby woods.

As the suspects moved, the French government -- including more than 80,000 police deployed across the country -- also didn't stand still.

Some of them tried to prevent more bloodshed, which might have something to do with nine people detained after the Charlie Hebdo attacks. Investigators also dug to learn about the attackers.

Both men had ties to Islamist extremists.

Said, the elder of the Kouachi brothers, spent several months in Yemen in 2011, receiving weapons training and working with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, according to U.S. officials.

His younger brother, Cherif, has a long history of jihad and anti-Semitism, according to documents obtained by CNN. In a 400-page court record, he is described as wanting to go to Iraq through Syria ""to go and combat the Americans.""

""I was ready to go and die in battle,"" he said in a deposition. ""... I got this idea when I saw the injustices shown by television. ... I am speaking about the torture that the Americans have inflicted on the Iraqis.""

A man claiming to be Cherif told CNN affiliate BFMTV in a phone call before he was shot and killed Friday that he was sent to carry out the massacre by al Qaeda in Yemen and that the late Anwar al-Awlaki financed his trip. CNN cannot independently confirm the authenticity of the recording.

Al-Awlaki, an American-born Muslim scholar and cleric who acted as a spokesperson for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, was killed in 2011 by a CIA drone strike.

Cherif and Coulibaly were involved in a 2010 attempt to free an Algerian incarcerated for a 1995 subway bombing. Coulibaly was arrested with 240 rounds of ammunition for a Kalashnikov rifle and a photo of Djamel Beghal, a French Algerian once known as al Qaeda's premier European recruiter.

The Western intelligence source said that Coulibaly lived with Boumeddiene, his alleged accomplice in the police shooting, and that the two traveled to Malaysia together.

Charlie Hebdo columnist: 'They didn't want us to be quiet'

A unity rally will be held Sunday ""celebrating the values behind"" Charlie Hebdo, said British Prime Minister David Cameron, who will travel to Paris to attend.

And the magazine itself -- whose former offices were firebombed in 2011, on the day it was to publish an issue poking fun at Islamic law and after it published a cartoon of the Muslim Prophet Mohammed -- will go on as well, even without its leader and most talented staffers. It's set to publish thousands of copies of its latest edition next Wednesday.

Patrick Pelloux, a columnist for the magazine, told CNN that ""I don't know if I'm afraid anymore, because I've seen fear. I was scared for my friends, and they are dead.""

He and many others are defiant.

""I know that they didn't want us to be quiet,"" Pelloux said of the slain Charlie Hebdo staffers.""They would be assassinated twice, if we remained silent.""",1
46,Campaign finance laws may be making political polarization worse by encouraging ‘purist’ donors.,"Many Americans have become increasingly concerned over the role of money in politics, and back more populist approaches to reducing political donations. Raymond J. La Raja and Brian F. Schaffner, authors of Campaign Finance and Political Polarization: When Purists Prevail, argue that populist approaches such as imposing low contribution limits on parties, distort the campaign finance system in ways that benefit a small group of partisan purists at the expense of the broader electorate. This in turn pushes candidates towards ideological extremes. They write that reformers should consider a more party-centered campaign finance system which would channel money to candidates through highly transparent and broadly accountable party organizations, which would then lead to less polarization.

Since the 2010 Citizens United decision, there has been increasing concern over the role of money in politics. However, our new research indicates that populist approaches to curtailing money in US politics might actually be contributing to contemporary problems in the political system, including the bitter partisan stand-offs and apparent insensitivity of elected officials to the concerns of ordinary Americans.  Populist approaches to campaign finance reform tend to focus on eliminating the potential for corruption by setting relatively low contributions limits to candidates and parties.   But such limits rarely stop the flow of money into politics. Instead they affect the channels through which that money travels into politicians’ accounts. And increasingly, that flow pours in from highly ideological donors who tend to pull party candidates toward the extremes.

Our main argument in our new book, Campaign Finance and Political Polarization: When Purists Prevail, is that constraints on party organizations have forced candidates to rely heavily on ideological sources of funds.  While party organizations tend to be highly pragmatic, preferring to support moderate candidates who reflect the views of the broader electorate, other kinds of donors – both large and small – favor highly ideological candidates. The demise of party funding relative to other sources (due to restrictive campaign finance laws and judicial decisions) has contributed to the decrease in moderate officeholders in statehouses.

Our view of party organizations runs counter to recent party “network” theorists who discount the importance of the formal party organizations. They claim instead that the party is really made up of the partisan network of allied interest groups, donors and activists who coordinate to help party candidates.  While we embrace this view of the party coalition, we think organizational forms matter a great deal. The professionals who work in party organizations seek chiefly to win elections. As a by-product of this motive, they support moderate candidates who have the broadest possible appeal to voters, particularly in competitive districts.  The wider partisan network, in contrast, is dominated by “purist” donors who want to elect people who agree with them on narrowly-based issue areas.  Laws that restrict party organizations ineluctably shift power to the purists who seek ideological policy goals, sometimes at the expense of winning elections. Hence the subtitle of our new book: “When Purists Prevail.”

A main thrust of our argument is that party-friendly campaign finance laws should help decrease the ideological gap between the major political parties in the states and in the US Congress.  Our findings bear this out.

Ideological Donors and their Impact on Legislatures

One key finding shows that different types of donors allocate their funds differently across incumbents from different ideological backgrounds.  In each of the plots in Figure 1 below, the line indicates the proportion of funds from that source being contributed to incumbents at each point across the ideological spectrum. Note how party organizations concentrate their funds on moderates rather than those at the extremes. This type of distribution is unique among the actors we looked at. Issue groups give more to ideologues, particularly on the right side of the spectrum, while labor unions give overwhelmingly to liberal candidates. Individual donors and business groups tend to give across the spectrum but with a decided tilt toward conservatives (and they certainly do not favor moderates).

Figure 1 – Donations to incumbents across the ideological spectrum

What are the consequences of these patterns? We ultimately show how campaign finance laws, which affect the flow of money, shape the ideological make-up of state legislatures.  Figure 2 below shows the ideological distribution of legislators for states with contribution or fundraising limits on parties (top) and for states without either of those limits. Legislatures in unlimited states show considerably less polarization. The disparity between the two sets of states is like going from one competitive legislature that experienced considerable bipartisanship such as Indiana (which is less polarized than Congress) to another that is as polarized as Oregon (which is even more polarized than Congress). Our book illustrates other ways of assessing polarization with similar results.  We conclude that states that grant parties freer access to financing tend to have less polarized legislatures.  The potential implication is that such states provide more opportunities for bipartisan compromise and effective governing.

Figure 2 – Ideological distribution of legislators in states with and without campaign finance laws

Based on our results, we ultimately provide some insights for how we might approach campaign finance reform in a different way.  Specifically, we argue that reformers should consider a “party-centered” campaign finance system that boosts the influence of the pragmatist wing of the party.  To accomplish this strategy, reformers would have to give up on long-held assumptions about the value of imposing relatively low contribution limits on parties as a way to thwart corruption. Low contribution limits on parties distort the campaign finance system in ways that tend to benefit partisan purists at the expense of the broader electorate.   These purists have the means and motive to finance candidate campaigns by mobilizing passionate factions of like-mined donors throughout the nation, and through “Super PACs”, which are financed by mega-donors giving millions.

For this reason we encourage reforms that build canals to channel the flow of money through highly transparent and broadly accountable party organizations. The strategy of erecting dams through contribution limits to hold back money does not work, and favors a relatively small group of purists.  To be sure, our position may not be popular because party organizations have a tainted legacy of machine politics in the minds of many. But a vast body of research on democratic politics indicates that parties play several vital roles, including aggregating interests, guiding voter choices, and holding politicians accountable with meaningful partisan labels.  It may be time for reformers to help facilitate this role for parties, rather than have the party organizations be increasingly overshadowed by other actors in the political system.

This article is based on the new book, Campaign Finance and Political Polarization by Raymond J. La Raja and Brian F. Schaffner.

Please read our comments policy before commenting.

Note:  This article gives the views of the author, and not the position of USAPP – American Politics and Policy, nor the London School of Economics.

About the author

 Ray La Raja – University of Massachusetts Amherst

 Ray La Raja is an associate professor in the Department of Political Science and associate director of the UMass Poll. He is author of Small Change: Money, Political Parties and Campaign Finance Reform (U. Michigan Press 2008) and editor of New Directions in American Politics (Routledge, 2013). He is founding editor of The Forum, an electronic journal of applied research in American politics.

Brian Schaffner – University of Massachusetts, Amherst

 Brian Schaffner is a Professor in the political science department at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst and a faculty associate at the Institute for Quantitative Social Science at Harvard University. His research focuses on public opinion, campaigns and elections, political parties, and legislative politics. He is co-editor of the book Winning with Words: The Origins & Impact of Political Framing, co-author of Understanding Political Science Research Methods: The Challenge of Inference, author of Politics, Parties and Elections in America (7th edition). His research has appeared in over two-dozen refereed journal articles, including the American Political Science Review, the American Journal of Political Science, the British Journal of Political Science, Public Opinion Quarterly, Political Communication, Political Research Quarterly, Legislative Studies Quarterly, and Social Science Quarterly.",1
4322,Sources: Hillary Clinton to launch presidential campaign on Sunday,"Hillary Clinton plans to kick off her long-expected 2016 presidential campaign on Sunday, two Democratic sources told Fox News.

The sources said the former secretary of state is expected to first reveal her decision to voters via social media. The sources added that, as has been widely expected, Clinton will then head to key early voting states like Iowa and New Hampshire next week.

Clinton would be the first Democratic candidate to confirm a run for the White House, and she is considered the clear frontrunner to win the party’s nomination. If she were to win in 2016, she would be the first female U.S. president.

Sources say, in advance of her announcement, Clinton has been holed up in recent days behind closed doors in policy meetings. The meetings have covered a range of subjects, including national security as well as domestic topics like the economy.

Clinton would join the race after two Republicans -- Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Rand Paul of Kentucky -- already declared. Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., also is expected to announce his plans next week. Despite not being an official candidate, Clinton has faced immense scrutiny from the media, and Republicans, over her use of personal email while secretary of state and her family foundation's acceptance of foreign donations. On Friday, Republican Party Chairman Reince Priebus said Clinton ""has left a trail of secrecy, scandal and failed liberal policies that no image consultant can erase.""

The specific timing of Clinton's announcement is unclear, though one source told The Guardian she will declare her candidacy through Twitter at noon Sunday. The tweet reportedly would be followed by a video and email announcement, and then a series of conference calls announcing her tour, which starts in Iowa.

On Friday, two Democrats who are weighing whether to challenge Clinton also appeared to needle her looming candidacy.

""I think history is full of examples where the inevitable front-runners are inevitable right up until they are no longer inevitable,"" former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley told Fox News. ""What I've heard all around the country is that people want new leaders, they want to hear the voices of new leaders and they want to start a robust debate about the issues our country faces.""

Former Democratic Virginia Sen. Jim Webb also told Fox News ""people are looking for leadership that they can trust"" and leaders who say what they believe ""rather than massaging issues to try to get to ... one political safety zone or another, who will really take the risk of leadership.""

Asked whether Clinton has done that in her career, Webb said: ""You'll have to ask her.""

On Monday, Clinton’s political team – from senior advisers to state operatives – was put on alert for a presidential campaign announcement.

A Democratic official earlier told Fox News that Clinton’s approach in next year’s election will illustrate that as a presidential candidate “she fights for every vote and takes nothing for granted"". This would be in sharp contrast to her failed 2008 run, when she was considered the inevitable Democratic presidential nominee but failed to see the burgeoning rival campaign of now-President Obama.

The plan in 2016 is to have Clinton try to “connect with real people” better than she did eight years ago, according to a Democratic official with knowledge the announcement plans and strategy.

Clinton started the campaign clock ticking last week when her team signed a lease for a massive new campaign headquarters at Pierrepont Plaza in Brooklyn, New York that occupies at least two floors. The campaign has at least 35 staffers in New York City alone.

That action by Team Clinton means that by FEC rules, she has 15 days since the signing of the lease to file the paperwork officially for a 2016 presidential run because her expenditure on the lease was purportedly over $5,000.

Sources said the bulk of Clinton staffers who have been hired already started moving into the campaign headquarters in Brooklyn this past Wednesday -- another sign the announcement is imminent.

The Clinton campaign continues to scoop up key campaign operatives, with both Karen Finney and Oren Shur recently joining her VIP team. Finney will work as strategic communications adviser, and Shur as director of paid media, according to a Clinton spokesperson.

Fox News’ Ed Henry and Serafin Gomez and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
351,"Defense Bill Would Put 100,000 Untraceable Guns On Streets","That may soon be possible thanks to a provision tacked onto this year's National Defense Authorization Act, which the House of Representatives is set to pass this week.

The provision was added as an amendment during a late-night session at the end of last month during which the legislation authorizing the nation's military activities for 2016 was drafted.

According to a white paper prepared for Congress by the Army opposing the amendment, the measure would allow the unregulated distribution of up to 100,000 Colt .45s, more formally known as .45-caliber semiautomatic M1911 handguns.

The provision, added by Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Ala.), changes parts of federal rules that were meant to boost rifle skills in the country under a program dating back to Teddy Roosevelt. Under existing law, which was updated in 1996, the Department of Defense makes surplus military rifles available to the public through something known as the Civilian Marksmanship Program, which has a regional headquarters in Rogers' state.

Rogers' amendment would change language in the law that specifies certain rifles allowed in the program to include the much broader category of ""firearms.""

Although the marksmanship program aims to educate youth about safety and shooting, according to the military's white paper, ""There is a significant risk of approximately 100K semi-automatic handguns that are virtually untraceable, being released into commerce.""

That's because although the amendment specifies that the weapons cannot be sold to people who are barred by law from having guns, the CMP sells guns over the Internet, and has no mechanism to verify who is making purchases. By law, the CMP ""can sell ... only to members of CMP affiliated clubs who are also U.S. citizens, over 18 years of age and who are legally eligible to purchase a firearm,"" according to eligibility requirements posted on its website. On top of that, although the CMP is allowed by law to sell guns across state lines, it is not covered by the Gun Control Act, and is not required to keep records tracking purchasers.

The Army noted in its opposition that the Department of Justice has tracked an average of nearly 1,800 Colt .45s being used in crimes every year over the last decade, including a significant but unspecified number of those guns that were originally military surplus.

A spokesman for Rep. Adam Smith (Wash.), the top Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee, said his boss agreed with the Army and would try to strip the amendment.

""This provision, which the Army has said it does not want or need, could potentially put nearly 100,000 untraceable .45-caliber military-grade handguns on our streets,"" the spokesman, Michael Amato, said in an email. ""This provision is an unnecessary risk.""",1
4582,"Protesting Donald Trump’s Election, Not Wars, Surveillance, or Deportations","Protests and vigils have erupted in major cities and smaller towns across the United States in response to Donald Trump's election as the 45th president last night. Students in California also participated in a walk-out, and there were protests at some college campuses. It turns out it's important for everyone to vote, but also to vote in the correct way.

Protesters chanted various anti-Trump slogans, with some calling attention to Hillary Clinton's apparent victory in the popular vote. The protest in New York City was organized by Socialist Alternative NYC, which blamed the Democratic Party for failing to stop Trump, insisting the party should have nominated Bernie Sanders instead of Clinton. Based on the results, where Trump performed at about the level of the last two Republican nominees, Mitt Romney and John McCain, while Clinton received millions of votes fewer than Barack Obama did, any other Democratic nominee would have done better.

Some protesters burned American flags, but there were no immediate reports of violence at the demonstrations—protests in the Bay Area last night over Trump's victory did descend into violence, and may do so again. Anti-Trump protests are not a new thing this election cycle, nor is violence, although these are the first after the democratically-held election on Tuesday. In Mid-October, video released by James O'Keefe's Project Veritas showed a Democratic operative bragging about hiring protesters to incite violence at Trump rallies. In March, Trump, then in the midst of his run of primary wins, said protests like the ones that occurred in Chicago outside the Trump Tower had ""energized"" his supporters. Those protests also did not have specific messages on policy. In June, I wrote that attacks by anti-Trump protesters on Trump supporters because of the danger he posed as an imperial president was an exercise in blame-shifting. ""Those so concerned about what Trump might do to the country that they feel called to stalk and attack Trump supporters should take a long look in the mirror instead,"" I wrote. ""It'll have the added benefit of not building more support for Trump, as violence against his supporters certainly will."" The tactics and the attitudes underlying them continued, and probably helped Trump pull off one of the biggest upsets in modern presidential history.

Outside of demonstrations surrounding specific police shootings, and the anti-Trump protests, there seem to have been few major protests in the U.S. in the last eight years over the kinds of policies—like U.S. wars overseas and even immigration policy—that purportedly animated protests during the Bush years. Certainly, the candidate produced by the party that claims to be concerned about these issues did not reflect an electorate that voted based on those issues. Clinton was the architect of a number of U.S. interventionists and an advocate of policies like the drug war that contributed to the refugee crisis at the southern border. The Obama administration ramped up deportations, and has continued to rip families apart into its last year.

Trump's election has already re-ignited concern about these issues. The left has rediscovered the usefulness of limited government power, as Robby Soave noted Tuesday night. Although Republicans retained control of Congress in the elections, a number of Republican members did not endorse Trump. While failed presidential candidate Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina is a pro-interventionist fan of executive power, others, such as Kentucky's Sen. Rand Paul, could become important advocates of limited executive and government power and non-interventionism. Arizona's Sen. Jeff Flake, another Republican who didn't endorse Trump, meanwhile, is likely to press Trump and Republicans on immigration. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan tweeted a picture of himself, Kentucky's Rep. Tom Massie, and Rand Paul, with the the caption ""We're putting the band back together #teamliberty"".

On one level, the protests are a neat demonstration of the First Amendment, and would be so if the roles were reversed, although I'm skeptical if tonight's protesters would feel the same way. A progressive friend suggested Trump supporters would have gotten violent if Clinton won—not an uncommon belief. Clinton called the idea that Trump might not accept the outcome of the election, as protesters appear to be doing, ""horrific."" The protesters are also risking the salience of the message against policies there is now an opportunity to try to push a new president in a better direction on, and avoid the bipartisan continuity of the war on terror and related policies from the Bush administration to the Obama administration.

Donald Trump may personify the problem of unchecked executive power, but the problem is with how the system has developed into that position. Many Obama voters believed they were voting for ""change,"" but President Obama brought a lot of Bush policies along with him. Guantanamo Bay is still open, the U.S. is engaged in military operations in at least half a dozen countries, the post-9/11 security apparatus remains in place. Obama did not personify the solution to unchecked executive power or violent U.S. foreign policy. The solutions have to be codified (and, woah, actually are, in the Constitution), with a rollback of the decades-long project of accumulated executive power and a restoration of co-equal branches of a Constitutional government. If the debates are again made about personalities, the opportunity for positive change could be lost, yet again.",1
4999,Trump on Clinton: 'She took a short-circuit in the brain',"Windham, New Hampshire (CNN) Donald Trump pumped up his attacks on Hillary Clinton's character Saturday night by suggesting that the former secretary of state is not mentally fit to be president.

""She took a short-circuit in the brain. She's got problems,"" Trump said, seizing on Clinton's explanation that she ""short-circuited"" a recent answer about her truthfulness in discussing her email server.

""Honestly, I don't think she's all there,"" he added.

The attacks flowed from the Republican nominee as he once again tore into Clinton as ""unstable,"" ""unbalanced"" and ""totally unhinged.""

Trump's stepped-up attacks on Clinton come as he has been falling in a slew of recent battleground states and national polls and as top Republicans have fretted about Trump repeatedly knocking himself off message by engaging in controversies rather than focusing on Clinton.

While Trump in the last week escalated a feud with the parents of a fallen U.S. soldier and opened a party rift by saying he was not yet ready to endorse the Republican speaker of the House, Trump on Friday launched into a lengthy and focused attack on Clinton during his rallies, and built on those attacks on Saturday.

""She's a liar. She is a horrible, horrible human being,"" Trump told a crowd of supporters gathered in a sweltering New Hampshire high school gym. ""She's incompetent and I don't' think that you can even think of allowing this woman to become president of the United States.""

But before taking the stage in New Hampshire, Trump previewed the ""short-circuit"" line of attack online, tweeting earlier Saturday that ""anybody whose mind 'SHORT CIRCUITS' is not fit to be our president! Look up the word 'BRAINWASHED.'""

And in a video posted on his Facebook page earlier Saturday, Trump's campaign suggested Clinton was ""melting down,"" calling her ""robot Hillary.""

Clinton's use of the term ""short-circuited"" came as she answered a question Friday at a gathering of black and Hispanic journalists about her recent assertion in a Fox News interview that FBI Director James Comey said she had been ""truthful"" in discussing her use of a private email server during her time as secretary of state. Clinton's claim in that interview has been widely debunked as false.

""I was pointing out in both of those instances, that Director Comey had said that my answers in my FBI interview were truthful. That really is the bottom line here,"" she said. ""What I told the FBI, which he said was truthful, is consistent with what I have said publicly. I may have short-circuited, and for that, I will try to clarify.""

Stumping Saturday night, Trump also alleged that the terrorist group ISIS is dreaming of a Clinton presidency.

""Remember, remember, remember ISIS is looking, folks. They dream of Hillary Clinton,"" Trump said. ""They look at her and they say this can't be happening to us. How great is this.""

Trump's latest barrage of attacks against Clinton -- while not a departure from his brand of personal and aggressive attacks against his opponents -- did mark an escalation in his attacks, just as Clinton and her allies are stepping up their attacks against Trump.

Clinton has accused Trump of being ""temperamentally unfit"" to be president and a slew of top former government officials have raised questions about Trump's character and his fitness to become the next commander-in-chief.

""The character traits he has exhibited during the primary season suggest he would be a poor, even dangerous, commander in chief,"" Morell wrote, pointing to Trump's ""obvious need for self-aggrandizement, his overreaction to perceived slights"" and ""his routine carelessness with the facts.""

Trump also pushed back on those attacks on Saturday.

""I get a kick out of these dopey, dopey, dopey people. These stupid foolish people when they talk about, ""Can we trust Donald Trump with nuclear? Can we trust him?"" Trump said. ""You know, it's a whole little narrative. They'll spend a billion dollars on this but the people aren't buying it.""",1
4767,"AP: Pence 'Beside Himself,' Wife Enraged Over Trump Remarks","Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence suddenly canceled a campaign appearance on behalf of embattled Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Saturday -- a growing sign of dissension in Republican ranks as calls mounted for Trump to step down after a sex tape emerged Friday.

CNN reported that Pence was canceling the even with House Speaker Paul Ryan. Trump had been scheduled to appear but he also canceled Friday after the tape emerged.

A top Pence advisor says Pence was not disinvited but decided not to go of his own accord.

Influential Republicans have been reaching out to Pence about what role he might be willing to play in the event that Trump drops out, said two people familiar with the matter who asked not to be named. They didn’t identify those gauging Pence’s interest privately.

Caught on tape making shockingly crude comments about a married woman he tried to seduce, Donald Trump declared in a midnight video, ""I was wrong and I apologize."" Yet even as he did so, he claimed the astonishing recording was ""nothing more than a distraction"" and argued his words were not nearly as egregious as former President Bill Clinton's marital affairs.

""I've said some foolish things,"" the Republican presidential nominee said in a taped apology posted on his Facebook page early Saturday morning. ""But there's a big difference between the words and actions of other people. Bill Clinton has actually abused women.""

Turning to his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, Trump accused her of having ""bullied, attacked, shamed and intimidated"" her husband's ""victims.""

Trump's 90-second statement capped a jarring day that threatened to sink his presidential campaign and sent Republicans into a panic with early voting well underway in several states and a little more than a month until Election Day.

On Friday afternoon, The Washington Post and NBC News released a 2005 video on which Trump describes trying to have sex with a married woman. He also brags about women letting him kiss and grab them because he is famous.

""When you're a star they let you do it,"" Trump says. ""You can do anything.""

He adds seconds later, ""Grab them by the p----. You can do anything.""

Within hours, the shock of the video led to widespread condemnation from inside Trump's own party. House Speaker Paul Ryan said he was sickened by Trump's comments, while a one-sentence response from GOP's chairman was devastating.

""No woman should ever be described in these terms or talked about in this manner. Ever,"" said Reince Priebus, who had stood by Trump through his past provocative comments.

Ryan added tartly that Trump was ""no longer attending"" a joint campaign appearance set for Saturday in Wisconsin. Trump himself later said in a statement that he would be preparing for Sunday night's debate instead.

Other Republicans, painfully aware of Trump's possible impact on their own political fates, were quick to chime in. New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte, who is locked in a close race, called his comments ""totally inappropriate and offensive.""

By the time Trump posted his video apology, three Republican members of Congress had called on Trump to abandon the race. Among them was Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz, who called Trump's words ""some of the most abhorrent and offensive comments that you can possibly imagine.""

Pence was ""beside himself"" and his wife was furious, according to a person familiar with their thinking. That person spoke on the condition of anonymity, because they were not authorized to share the private discussion.

On the tape, Trump is caught on a live microphone while talking with Billy Bush of ""Access Hollywood."" The candidate is heard saying ""I did try and f--- her. She was married."" He also uses graphic terms to describe the woman's body and says he frequently tries to kiss beautiful women.

""Access Hollywood"" said a recent Associated Press story about Trump's lewd behind-the-scenes comments as star of ""The Apprentice"" led it to dig through its archives and turn up the previously unaired tape. It was recorded during a bus ride while Trump was on his way to appear in an episode of the soap opera ""Days of Our Lives.""

Trump offered a half-hearted apology shortly after the video was released, saying he was sorry ""if anyone was offended."" Only hours later, after the scope of the damage became clear, did he release the video statement.

Trump appears alone in the video and appears to be reading off a script. He closes the video by suggesting he'll raise Bill Clinton's affairs again in the coming days.

""See you at the debate,"" he says.

Hillary Clinton seized on Trump's quotes from the 2005 video, calling them ""horrific."" She said in a Twitter message: ""We cannot allow this man to become president.""

But she had her own problems Friday with sudden revelations.

The WikiLeaks organization posted what it said were thousands of emails from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, including some with excerpts from speeches she gave to Wall Street executives and others — speeches she has declined to release despite demands from Trump.

The excerpts include Clinton seeming to put herself in the free trade camp, a position she has retreated from. In a talk to a Brazilian bank in 2013, she said her dream was ""a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders.""

Trump strongly opposes current U.S. trade deals and insists Clinton is too cozy with Wall Street to reform it.

Friday's developments came two days before Trump and Clinton are to meet in the second presidential debate, with the Republican urgently in need of a strong performance. After his uneven showing in the first contest, public opinion polls have showed Clinton pulling ahead in nearly all battleground states, some of which are already in the midst of early voting.

There were plenty of other problems for Trump on what surely was one of the worst days of his two-year drive for the White House.

His advisers planned for him to spend a quiet Friday preparing for the debate and meeting with border security officials. But the day was quickly consumed by a series of controversies, including Trump's unsubstantiated claim about immigrants in the U.S. illegally voting in the election and his questioning the innocence of five black teenagers exonerated in a 1989 rape case.

Then, there were new signs of unusual links between Trump and Russia. For the first time, the U.S. publicly blamed the Russian government for hacking the Democratic National Committee and accused Moscow of trying to interfere with the American election. Diplomats also told the AP that Russia had lodged a formal complaint with the United Nations over a U.N. official's condemnations of Trump.

Also in the mix Friday: New questions about the Trump campaign's finances. With roughly a month until Election Day, the campaign has yet to schedule the $100 million in television advertising that his campaign boasted about just two weeks ago.

The campaign has just half that amount scheduled, and late this week shifted ad money around rather than increasing its overall investment, suggesting a bit of penny-pinching even as the clock winds down.",1
1453,Is GOP establishment learning to like Donald Trump? (+video),"There's evidence that when weighing Donald Trump versus rival Ted Cruz, many Republican leaders have become more concerned about Senator Cruz.

Donald Trump speaks to a crowd on Jan. 4, 2016, in Lowell, Mass. Thousands attended the rally in packed Paul E. Tsongas Center Arena at the Lowell campus of the University of Massachusetts.

Is the Republican establishment – or at least some of it – coming to terms with the possibility that Donald Trump will be the GOP presidential nominee?

A number of signs in recent days indicate that’s the case. Or, to be more specific, there’s evidence that when weighing Mr. Trump versus rival Ted Cruz, many Republican leaders think Senator Cruz the greater danger. That’s an implicit admission that they’re beginning to think Trump might not be, you know, so bad.

Let’s go to the list: Earlier this month, right-leaning New York Times columnist David Brooks unloaded on Cruz, saying the Texas senator’s speeches are full of a sort of “pagan brutalism.” Since then, two former Republican Senate majority leaders, Trent Lott and Bob Dole, have indicated they think a Cruz nomination would be cataclysmic for the GOP and lead to widespread losses down the ticket.

Then this week, the Republican governor of Iowa, Terry Branstad, said flatly that he hopes anyone but Cruz wins his state’s first-in-the-nation caucuses. True, Governor Branstad cited Cruz’s opposition to ethanol subsidies, crucial to Iowa’s economy, as the reason for his opposition. But the open and vehement nature of the anti-endorsement indicated a high level of political enmity.

“It is no surprise that the establishment is in full panic mode,” Cruz told reporters after hearing of this news.

Why does this imply anything about Trump? Well, the Iowa caucuses are now less than two weeks away. The New Hampshire primary is within three. The primary season moves quickly through South Carolina and other states after that. If the Republican Party as an entity is to exert influence on the nominating process, now is the time.

Many have expected Republican leaders to band together against Trump, given that some party figures see him as an existential threat to the GOP in its current form. That doesn’t seem to be occurring.

“The sort of GOP effort against Trump that many anticipated is happening instead vs. Cruz,” tweeted Sunlight Foundation political analyst Richard Skinner on Thursday.

Yes, this description of the state of play is a bit simplistic. The Republican establishment is not a cohesive entity chaired by the ghost of Nelson Rockefeller. Many GOP journalists and public intellectuals continue to worry that Trump, with his belligerent populism, will push the party so far from its small-government roots that it will become unrecognizable.

“What we’re seeing is the attempt at the normalization of Trump on the right, and defining conservatism down. Can be resisted and defeated,” tweeted right-leaning Weekly Standard editor William Kristol earlier this week.

But the fact remains that the legislative, Washington wing of the party now seems inclined to cut Trump slack. Mr. Dole, the party’s nominee in 1996, said in a New York Times interview that Trump could probably work with Congress, because “he’s got the right personality and he’s kind of a dealmaker.”

It may be as simple as that. Trump, for all his insults, is the kind of person members of Congress understand. He’s a businessman who knows that deals aren’t all one-sided, and a political neophyte who would be willing to defer to their judgment. That’s the theory, anyway.

Cruz? He’s proved that the only legislative opinion he listens to is his own, in the view of the establishment. Many in the GOP believe he pushed them into the 2013 government shutdown and then blamed their lack of courage for the shutdown’s inevitable collapse.

Consider this: Back in the 2008 campaign, questions arose about whether nominee John McCain was a “natural born citizen,” and thus eligible for the presidency under the Constitution, because he was born in the Canal Zone. The Senate quickly moved to pass a nonbinding resolution affirming Senator McCain’s citizenship. When Cruz became embroiled in the same question, because of his Canadian birth, that did not happen.

“I just don’t think the Senate ought to get into the middle of this,” said majority leader Mitch McConnell of the issue on ABC News’s “This Week” earlier this month.

Does the GOP establishment think it can block Cruz, then turn to oppose Trump and boost someone else? Maybe, but it’s getting late to pull off that kind of maneuver. Trump may rocket through the first primaries, and then, who could head him off? Jeb Bush? (Hey, he’s at 10 percent in some New Hampshire polls!)

Are GOP figures counting on influencing someone who’s not that easy to push around? Sure, Trump knows little about the day-to-day operation of government. That doesn’t mean he’ll be Silly Putty in Senator McConnell’s hands. He’s a billionaire with little vested interest in the party per se.

“He might well completely ignore Congress’s wishes and just do whatever feels right to him on any given day. Trump’s primary goal over the past several decades has been to enhance the Trump name. What policies that translates into is anyone’s guess,” writes Seth Masket at Vox.

Or does the party leadership still think that somehow or other, without its involvement, Trump is just going to lose?",1
2883,John Kerry Says It's Unclear Whether Iran Deal Is Within Reach,"SHARM EL-SHEIK, Egypt, March 14 (Reuters) - On the eve of fresh talks with Iran, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said it was unclear whether an interim agreement over its nuclear power program was within reach.

""I can't tell you whether or not we can get a deal, whether we are close,"" Kerry told a news conference on Saturday in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheik, where he attended an Egyptian investment summit.

""The purpose of these negotiations is not just to get a deal, it is to get the right deal,"" he added.

The United States and five other major powers -- Britain, Germany, France, China and Russia -- will resume negotiations with Iran in Lausanne, Switzerland, from Sunday. They hope to clinch a framework agreement by the end of the month.

The two sides would then seek to negotiate by June 30 a final agreement to would curb Iran's most sensitive nuclear activities for at least 10 years. In exchange, sanctions on the Islamic Republic would gradually end.

Kerry expressed concern again that a letter to Iran last week from Republican senators may have undermined the talks. The letter warned Iran that any deal made by President Barack Obama might last only as long as he remained in office -- a highly unusual intervention in U.S. foreign policy-making.

Kerry said he would assure Iranian negotiators and Europeans allies during the upcoming talks that Congress did not have the authority to change the deal.

""As far as we're concerned, Congress has no ability to change an executive agreement,"" Kerry said, adding that ""important gaps"" still remained between the sides.

The letter followed a speech to Congress earlier this month by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who warned that Obama was negotiating a ""bad deal"" with Iran. Republicans invited Netanyahu to speak about Iran without consulting the White House or Democrats.

With Israel preparing to elect a new government next week, Kerry said the United States hoped that whatever the outcome it would help push forward the peace process with Palestinians.

""President Obama remains committed to a two-state solution,"" Kerry said, adding ""he remains hopeful that whatever choice that people of Israel make, that there will be an ability to be able to move forward on those efforts.""

He declined to elaborate on the prospects of resuming the talks, with an election just days away.

Peace talks broke down in April 2014 after nine months of negotiations led by Kerry, with the long-standing goal of a two-state solution no closer.

Abbas has steered clear of taking a position on the Israeli election, saying only that he was ready to work with who wins. (Reporting by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Larry King)",1
2785,Syria's war: How did we get here?,"(CNN) It began with the arrests of a handful of children in 2011. Since then, it's exploded into the biggest humanitarian crisis since the Second World War.

It all starts with graffiti

A sandstorm blows over damaged buildings in the rebel-held area of Douma, east of Damascus, on September 7, 2015.

A sandstorm blows over damaged buildings in the rebel-held area of Douma, east of Damascus, on September 7, 2015.

A man's body lies in the back of van as people search for the injured after airstrikes allegedly by the Syrian government on a market in a rebel-held Eastern Ghouta town on August 31, 2015.

A man's body lies in the back of van as people search for the injured after airstrikes allegedly by the Syrian government on a market in a rebel-held Eastern Ghouta town on August 31, 2015.

A refugee carries mattresses as he re-enters Syria from Turkey on June 22, 2015, after Kurdish People's Protection Units regained control of the area around Tal Abyad, Syria, from ISIS.

A refugee carries mattresses as he re-enters Syria from Turkey on June 22, 2015, after Kurdish People's Protection Units regained control of the area around Tal Abyad, Syria, from ISIS.

A Syrian child fleeing the war gets lifted over fences to enter Turkish territory illegally near a border crossing at Akcakale, Turkey, on June 14, 2015.

A Syrian child fleeing the war gets lifted over fences to enter Turkish territory illegally near a border crossing at Akcakale, Turkey, on June 14, 2015.

A Syrian boy receives treatment at a local hospital following an alleged chlorine gas attack in the Idlib suburb of Jabal al-Zawia on April 27, 2015.

A Syrian boy receives treatment at a local hospital following an alleged chlorine gas attack in the Idlib suburb of Jabal al-Zawia on April 27, 2015.

Nusra Front fighters inspect a helicopter belonging to pro-government forces after it crashed in the rebel-held Idlib countryside on March 22, 2015.

Nusra Front fighters inspect a helicopter belonging to pro-government forces after it crashed in the rebel-held Idlib countryside on March 22, 2015.

Rebel fighters dig caves in the mountains for bomb shelters in the northern countryside of Hama on March 9, 2015.

Rebel fighters dig caves in the mountains for bomb shelters in the northern countryside of Hama on March 9, 2015.

A man gives medical assistance as two wounded children wait nearby at a field hospital in Douma on February 2, 2015.

A man gives medical assistance as two wounded children wait nearby at a field hospital in Douma on February 2, 2015.

A long-exposure photograph shows a rocket being launched in Aleppo on October 5, 2014.

A long-exposure photograph shows a rocket being launched in Aleppo on October 5, 2014.

Medics tend to a man's injuries at a field hospital in Douma after airstrikes on September 20, 2014.

Medics tend to a man's injuries at a field hospital in Douma after airstrikes on September 20, 2014.

Volunteers remove a dead body from under debris after shelling in Aleppo on August 29, 2014. According to the Syrian Civil Defense, barrel bombs are now the greatest killer of civilians in many parts of Syria. The White Helmets are a humanitarian organization that tries to save lives and offer relief.

Photographs of victims of the Assad regime are displayed as a Syrian army defector known as ""Caesar,"" center, appears in disguise to speak before the House Foreign Affairs Committee in Washington. The July 31, 2014, briefing was called ""Assad's Killing Machine Exposed: Implications for U.S. Policy."" Caesar, apparently a witness to the regime's brutality, has smuggled more than 50,000 photographs depicting the torture and execution of more than 10,000 dissidents. CNN cannot independently confirm the authenticity of the photos, documents and testimony referenced in the report.

Rebel fighters execute two men on July 25, 2014, in Binnish, Syria. The men were reportedly charged by an Islamic religious court with detonating several car bombs.

Rebel fighters execute two men on July 25, 2014, in Binnish, Syria. The men were reportedly charged by an Islamic religious court with detonating several car bombs.

A giant poster of al-Assad is seen in Damascus on May 31, 2014, ahead of the country's presidential elections. He received 88.7% of the vote in the country's first election after the civil war broke out.

A giant poster of al-Assad is seen in Damascus on May 31, 2014, ahead of the country's presidential elections. He received 88.7% of the vote in the country's first election after the civil war broke out.

A Free Syrian Army fighter fires a rocket-propelled grenade during heavy clashes in Aleppo on April 27, 2014.

A Free Syrian Army fighter fires a rocket-propelled grenade during heavy clashes in Aleppo on April 27, 2014.

A U.S. ship staff member wears personal protective equipment at a naval airbase in Rota, Spain, on April 10, 2014. A former container vessel was fitted out with at least $10 million of gear to let it take on about 560 metric tons of Syria's most dangerous chemical agents and sail them out to sea, officials said.

A U.S. ship staff member wears personal protective equipment at a naval airbase in Rota, Spain, on April 10, 2014. A former container vessel was fitted out with at least $10 million of gear to let it take on about 560 metric tons of Syria's most dangerous chemical agents and sail them out to sea, officials said.

A man holds a baby who was rescued from rubble after an airstrike in Aleppo on February 14, 2014.

A man holds a baby who was rescued from rubble after an airstrike in Aleppo on February 14, 2014.

Residents wait to receive food aid distributed by the U.N. Relief and Works Agency at the besieged al-Yarmouk camp, south of Damascus, on January 31, 2014.

Residents wait to receive food aid distributed by the U.N. Relief and Works Agency at the besieged al-Yarmouk camp, south of Damascus, on January 31, 2014.

An injured man is helped following an airstrike in Aleppo's Maadi neighborhood on December 17, 2013.

An injured man is helped following an airstrike in Aleppo's Maadi neighborhood on December 17, 2013.

Syrian children wait as doctors perform medical checkups at a refugee center in Sofia, Bulgaria, on October 26, 2013.

Syrian children wait as doctors perform medical checkups at a refugee center in Sofia, Bulgaria, on October 26, 2013.

Residents run from a fire at a gasoline and oil shop in Aleppo's Bustan Al-Qasr neighborhood on October 20, 2013. Witnesses said the fire was caused by a bullet from a pro-government sniper.

Residents run from a fire at a gasoline and oil shop in Aleppo's Bustan Al-Qasr neighborhood on October 20, 2013. Witnesses said the fire was caused by a bullet from a pro-government sniper.

The U.N. Security Council passes a resolution September 27, 2013, requiring Syria to eliminate its arsenal of chemical weapons. Al-Assad said he would abide by the resolution.

The U.N. Security Council passes a resolution September 27, 2013, requiring Syria to eliminate its arsenal of chemical weapons. Al-Assad said he would abide by the resolution.

A handout image released by the Syrian opposition's Shaam News Network shows people inspecting bodies of children and adults who rebels claim were killed in a toxic gas attack by pro-government forces on August 21, 2013. A week later, U.S Secretary of State John Kerry said U.S. intelligence information found that 1,429 people were killed in the chemical weapons attack, including more than 400 children. Al-Assad's government claimed that jihadists fighting with the rebels carried out the chemical weapons attacks to turn global sentiments against it.

An aerial view shows the Zaatari refugee camp near the Jordanian city of Mafraq on July 18, 2013.

An aerial view shows the Zaatari refugee camp near the Jordanian city of Mafraq on July 18, 2013.

Rebels launch a missile near the Abu Baker brigade in Al-Bab, Syria, on January 16, 2013.

Rebels launch a missile near the Abu Baker brigade in Al-Bab, Syria, on January 16, 2013.

Syrians look for survivors amid the rubble of a building targeted by a missile in the al-Mashhad neighborhood of Aleppo on January 7, 2013.

Syrians look for survivors amid the rubble of a building targeted by a missile in the al-Mashhad neighborhood of Aleppo on January 7, 2013.

A rebel fighter prepares the wires of a car-mounted camera used to spy on Syrian government forces while his comrade smokes a cigarette in Aleppo's Bab al-Nasr district on January 7, 2013.

A rebel fighter prepares the wires of a car-mounted camera used to spy on Syrian government forces while his comrade smokes a cigarette in Aleppo's Bab al-Nasr district on January 7, 2013.

A father reacts after the deaths of two of his children in Aleppo on January 3, 2013.

A father reacts after the deaths of two of his children in Aleppo on January 3, 2013.

The bodies of three children are laid out for identification by family members at a makeshift hospital in Aleppo on December 2, 2012. The children were allegedly killed in a mortar shell attack that landed close to a bakery in the city.

The bodies of three children are laid out for identification by family members at a makeshift hospital in Aleppo on December 2, 2012. The children were allegedly killed in a mortar shell attack that landed close to a bakery in the city.

Smoke rises in the Hanano and Bustan al-Basha districts in Aleppo as fighting continues through the night on December 1, 2012.

Smoke rises in the Hanano and Bustan al-Basha districts in Aleppo as fighting continues through the night on December 1, 2012.

Rebels celebrate next to the remains of a Syrian government fighter jet that was shot down at Daret Ezza, on the border of the provinces of Idlib and Aleppo, on November 28, 2012.

Rebels celebrate next to the remains of a Syrian government fighter jet that was shot down at Daret Ezza, on the border of the provinces of Idlib and Aleppo, on November 28, 2012.

An Israeli tank crew sits on the Golan Heights overlooking the Syrian village of Breqa on November 6, 2012. Israel fired warning shots toward Syria after a mortar shell hit an Israeli military post. It was the first time Israel fired on Syria across the Golan Heights since the 1973 Yom Kippur War.

An Israeli tank crew sits on the Golan Heights overlooking the Syrian village of Breqa on November 6, 2012. Israel fired warning shots toward Syria after a mortar shell hit an Israeli military post. It was the first time Israel fired on Syria across the Golan Heights since the 1973 Yom Kippur War.

Relatives of Syrian detainees who were arrested for participating in anti-government protests wait in front of a police building in Damascus on October 24, 2012. The Syrian government said it released 290 prisoners.

Relatives of Syrian detainees who were arrested for participating in anti-government protests wait in front of a police building in Damascus on October 24, 2012. The Syrian government said it released 290 prisoners.

A Syrian rebel walks inside a burnt section of the Umayyad Mosque in Aleppo hours before the Syrian army retook control of the complex on October 14, 2012.

A Syrian rebel walks inside a burnt section of the Umayyad Mosque in Aleppo hours before the Syrian army retook control of the complex on October 14, 2012.

Smoke rises over the streets after a mortar bomb from Syria landed in the Turkish border village of Akcakale on October 3, 2012. Five people were killed. In response, Turkey fired on Syrian targets and its parliament authorized a resolution giving the government permission to deploy soldiers to foreign countries.

Free Syrian Army fighters are reflected in a mirror they use to see a Syrian Army post only 50 meters away in Aleppo on September 16, 2012.

Free Syrian Army fighters are reflected in a mirror they use to see a Syrian Army post only 50 meters away in Aleppo on September 16, 2012.

A Syrian man carrying grocery bags dodges sniper fire in Aleppo as he runs through an alley near a checkpoint manned by the Free Syrian Army on September 14, 2012.

A Syrian man carrying grocery bags dodges sniper fire in Aleppo as he runs through an alley near a checkpoint manned by the Free Syrian Army on September 14, 2012.

Family members mourn the deaths of their relatives in front of a field hospital in Aleppo on August 21, 2012.

Family members mourn the deaths of their relatives in front of a field hospital in Aleppo on August 21, 2012.

A Free Syrian Army fighter runs for cover as a Syrian Army tank shell hits a building across the street during clashes in the Salaheddine neighborhood of central Aleppo on August 17, 2012.

A Free Syrian Army fighter runs for cover as a Syrian Army tank shell hits a building across the street during clashes in the Salaheddine neighborhood of central Aleppo on August 17, 2012.

Rebel fighters with the Free Syrian Army capture a police officer in Aleppo, Syria, who they believed to be pro-regime militiaman on July 31, 2012. Dozens of officers were reportedly killed as rebels seized police stations in the city.

Rebel fighters with the Free Syrian Army capture a police officer in Aleppo, Syria, who they believed to be pro-regime militiaman on July 31, 2012. Dozens of officers were reportedly killed as rebels seized police stations in the city.

People gather on May 26, 2012, at a mass burial for victims reportedly killed by Syrian forces in Syria's Houla region. U.N. officials confirmed that more than 100 Syrian civilians were killed , including nearly 50 children. Syria's government denied its troops were behind the bloodbath.

An injured man gets treated in a Damascus neighborhood on April 3, 2012.

An injured man gets treated in a Damascus neighborhood on April 3, 2012.

Syrian refugees walk across a field in Syria before crossing into Turkey on March 14, 2012.

Syrian refugees walk across a field in Syria before crossing into Turkey on March 14, 2012.

Supporters of al-Assad celebrate during a referendum vote in Damascus on February 26, 2012. Opposition activists reported at least 55 deaths across the country as Syrians headed to the polls. Analysts and protesters widely described the constitutional referendum as a farce. ""Essentially, what (al-Assad's) done here is put a piece of paper that he controls to a vote that he controls so that he can try and maintain control,"" a U.S. State Department spokeswoman said.

Suicide bombs hit two security service bases in Damascus on December 23, 2011, killing at least 44 people and wounding 166.

Jamal al-Wadi of Daraa speaks in Istanbul on September 15, 2011, after an alignment of Syrian opposition leaders announced the creation of a Syrian National Council -- their bid to present a united front against al-Assad's regime and establish a democratic system.

Jamal al-Wadi of Daraa speaks in Istanbul on September 15, 2011, after an alignment of Syrian opposition leaders announced the creation of a Syrian National Council -- their bid to present a united front against al-Assad's regime and establish a democratic system.

Syrian children walk over bricks stored for road repairs during a spontaneous protest June 15, 2011, at a refugee camp near the Syrian border in Yayladagi, Turkey.

Syrian children walk over bricks stored for road repairs during a spontaneous protest June 15, 2011, at a refugee camp near the Syrian border in Yayladagi, Turkey.

Anti-government protesters demonstrate in Daraa on March 23, 2011. In response to continuing protests, the Syrian government announced several plans to appease citizens.

Anti-government protesters demonstrate in Daraa on March 23, 2011. In response to continuing protests, the Syrian government announced several plans to appease citizens.

An injured man lying in the back of a vehicle is rushed to a hospital in Daraa, south of Damascus, on March 23, 2011. Violence flared in Daraa after a group of teens and children were arrested for writing political graffiti. Dozens of people were killed when security forces cracked down on demonstrations.

An injured man lying in the back of a vehicle is rushed to a hospital in Daraa, south of Damascus, on March 23, 2011. Violence flared in Daraa after a group of teens and children were arrested for writing political graffiti. Dozens of people were killed when security forces cracked down on demonstrations.

Pro-government protesters hold pictures of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his late father, Hafez al-Assad, during a rally in Damascus, Syria, on March 18, 2011. Bashar al-Assad has ruled Syria since 2000, when his father passed away following 30 years in charge. An anti-regime uprising that started in March 2011 has spiraled into civil war. The United Nations estimates more than 220,000 people have been killed.

Pro-government protesters hold pictures of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his late father, Hafez al-Assad, during a rally in Damascus, Syria, on March 18, 2011. Bashar al-Assad has ruled Syria since 2000, when his father passed away following 30 years in charge. An anti-regime uprising that started in March 2011 has spiraled into civil war. The United Nations estimates more than 220,000 people have been killed.

As Arab Spring demonstrations overthrow governments across the Middle East, a group of children in Daraa, southern Syria, are arrested and allegedly tortured for scrawling graffiti on a school reading ""the people want to topple the regime.""

Outrage over the arrests turns into protests and a brutal crackdown

Protesters clash with Syrian security forces on the streets of Daraa in March 2011.

As the bloodshed gets worse, the opposition gets organized

The West calls for Assad to quit, but Russia and China have other ideas

Meanwhile, the influence of Islamist groups grows in rebel ranks

The U.N. brokers a ceasefire that falls apart almost immediately

As refugees flee, the U.N. accuses Syria of crimes against humanity

Barack Obama announces his 'red line' in Syria for the first (but not last) time

Two years in, 60,000 are dead, and the U.S. says it will send aid to rebels

February 2013: The U.S. The U.S. promises to send food and medical supplies -- but not weapons -- to Syrian rebels. It's the first such move since the conflict began two years before, in an effort to hem in the radical Islamist groups vying for influence in Syria. More than 60,000 people are now dead and nearly a million have fled the country.

European nations join the list of countries sending weapons into Syria

Syria crosses Obama's 'red line,' and the U.S. prepares to attack

John Kerry goes off script, and the Russians pounce

140,000 are dead in Syria as peace talks go nowhere fast

ISIS declares an independent state in Iraq and Syria

The U.S. launches airstrikes on ISIS in Syria

Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. strikes, take back Kobani from ISIS

ISIS seizes Palmyra and blows up its priceless ruins

Donors pledge more than $10 billion to Syria

February 11, 2016: Diplomats from more than a dozen countries, including the United States and Russia, Diplomats from more than a dozen countries, including the United States and Russia, agree in Munich, Germany, to a ""cessation of hostilities"" -- a temporary halt in fighting that commonly happens at the start of a peace process -- and to the delivery of aid. Terrorist groups, including ISIS and al-Nusra, are not included in the deal. The partial truce does not take hold a week later as originally hoped, but there are renewed efforts to implement the deal the following Friday",1
698,Shady accounting underpins Trump’s wealth,"""One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,"" he said.",1
240,What's really behind Clinton's Benghazi grilling?,"Frida Ghitis is a world affairs columnist for The Miami Herald and World Politics Review and a former CNN producer and correspondent. Follow her @FridaGhitis . The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.

(CNN) The unmistakable smell of hypocrisy permeating the latest congressional hearings on Benghazi is so pungent that few people believe the claims from the panel's leaders that they are only searching for the truth. Almost three-quarters of Americans now believe the investigation is motivated by a quest for political gain rather than by a genuine wish to get at the facts.

It's no wonder. Other national tragedies, other terrorist attacks, other major failings of U.S. operations overseas have received limited attention -- sometimes none at all -- from congressional investigators. A comparison of the way Congress responded to other U.S. security disasters that deserved close scrutiny strongly suggests all you need to know about the partisan, electoral politics at play in Washington today.

To be sure, the events of Sept. 11, 2012 , in which the U.S. ambassador to Libya, J. Christopher Stevens , and three other Americans were killed in Benghazi constituted a calamitous failure and most certainly warranted a congressional investigation.

But that investigation already happened, over and over and over. What we see now is clearly political theater, a maneuver by the Republican majority aimed at eroding support for the likely Democratic presidential candidate, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Vast majorities of Democrats and independents see it that way, and almost half of all Republicans agree.

While Benghazi has been the subject of seven congressional investigations, in addition to one by an accountability review board, there are countless cases where Congress spent little time and money examining what went wrong.

For example, Congress does not appear particularly interested in looking at what caused the disaster a few weeks ago, when the U.S. bombed a hospital operated by the charity Doctors Without Borders, in Kunduz, Afghanistan, even though the mistake cost nearly two dozen lives and harmed America's efforts in the area.

But that tempered interest is hardly a fluke. In fact, the enthusiasm with which Congress has jumped to investigate the Benghazi debacle is unprecedented.

In the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks, a Joint Inquiry in Congress looked at five previous major terrorist attacks or attempted attacks against the U.S. to see where intelligence had failed. The incidents included the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center, the 1996 bombing of the Khobar Towers barracks in Saudi Arabia, the 1998 bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, the 1999 ""Millennium"" plot, and the strike on the USS Cole in 2000.

These were not minor or inconsequential terrorist operations. They were deadly and they foreshadowed what came later. The embassy bombings, two simultaneous explosions in Nairobi and Dar Es Salaam, killed more than 200 people and left more than 4,000 injured.

Congress held a handful of hearings, but no formal investigation. The investigation was conducted by the FBI and ultimately resulted in the indictment of several men, including one Osama Bin Laden.

Not one of these five terrorist plots against the U.S. produced a level of congressional interest even remotely approaching what we see now on Benghazi and on Hillary Clinton. No investigation took as long. Even that joint congressional investigation was completed in 10 months.

If congressional leaders believe concern for the safety of diplomatic personnel warrants the magnitude and duration of their efforts, it's curious that Congress spent so little time reviewing the Africa embassy bombings, or any of the many other attacks on American diplomats who have died in the line of duty over the years; people like 33-year-old John Granville, a diplomat working for the U.S. Agency for International Development, shot to death in Khartoum, Sudan in 2008, or David Foy, 51, killed in a massive blast outside the U.S. consulate in Karachi, Pakistan in 2006.

If the issue is the failures of security, of intelligence, or of judgment that have cost the lives of U.S. citizens on dangerous assignments, it's curious that the events of an awful day in late 2009 at Camp Chapman in Afghanistan did not merit this kind of scrutiny. That was when seven Americans working for the CIA were killed when a man who was supposed to be an informant, invited by American agents to be the base, turned out to be a radical jihadi, a suicide bomber who blew himself up. The dead included Jennifer Matthews, 45, one of the CIA's top al Qaeda experts. That incident was investigated by the CIA, not Congress.

If it's terrorism that justifies the obsessive attention to Benghazi, it's interesting that the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, the worst terrorist attack before 9/11, was not the target of a slew of congressional panels the way Benghazi is. The only report from Congress on the Oklahoma bombing was privately released by Republican congressman Dana Rohrabacher, who was searching for an elusive ""foreign connection."" The attack, which killed 168 people, was investigated by the FBI.

Yes, all of those happened years ago. But what about the Boston bombings of April 2013? They did warrant an investigation by the Homeland Security Committee, which produced a couple of reports. That's a minuscule investigation compared with the Benghazi work by congressional committees including, the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, the Senate Committee On Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, and others, each of which has already conducted its own investigation and issued its own report.

What happened in Benghazi back in 2012 was horrific and it is crucial that the U.S. learns from its mistakes. Investigating what exactly went wrong is an imperative. But what is unfolding in Washington is not about that. History proves it. That's the whiff so many people detect. We know what it is.",1
3947,South Korean naval vessel fires warning shots near North Korean patrol amid high tension,"A South Korean naval vessel fired five shots as a warning to a North Korean patrol boat that briefly moved south of the countries' disputed boundary line in the Yellow Sea, Seoul's defense ministry said Monday.

A South Korean military official told the Yonhap news agency that the North Korean vessel retreated northward after the warning shots were fired into the water. However, the incident underscores the heightened hostilities between the two Koreas.

The brief encounter came hours after the United Nations Security Council condemned North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket that world leaders described as a banned test of ballistic missile technology and South Korea's president called another ""intolerable provocation.""

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un went ahead with the launch just two hours after an eight-day window opened early Sunday, and a month after the country's fourth nuclear test. He ignored an appeal from China, its neighbor and important ally, not to proceed, and, in another slap to Beijing, he chose to launch the rocket on the eve of Chinese New Year, the country's most important holiday.

China and the United States have been negotiating the text of a new Security Council sanctions resolution since Pyongyang's Jan. 6 nuclear test, which it claimed was a hydrogen bomb. That claim has been met with outside skepticism.

The U.S., backed by Japan and South Korea, wants tough U.N. sanctions reflecting Kim's defiance of the Security Council. But diplomats say China, the North's key protector in the council, is reluctant to impose economic measures that could cause North Korea's economy to collapse — and a flight of North Koreans into China across their shared border.

The 15-member Security Council strongly condemned the launch and pledged to ""expeditiously"" adopt a new resolution with ""further significant measures"" — U.N. code for sanctions. The word ""robust"" referring to the measures was in an initial draft, but was dropped in the final statement.

U.S. Ambassador Samantha Power told reporters that ""it cannot be business as usual"" after two successive North Korean acts that are ""hostile and illegal.""

""What's important is that the Security Council unites,"" Power said. ""China is a critical player. ... We are hopeful that China, like all council members, will see the grave threat to regional and international peace and security, see the importance of adopting tough, unprecedented measures, breaking new ground here, exceeding the expectations of Kim Jong Un.""

He said a new resolution should ""do the work of reducing tension, of working toward denuclearization (of the Korean peninsula), of maintaining peace and stability, and of encouraging a negotiated solution.""

""I believe the council needs to work together for a new resolution,"" Liu added, indicating that China may want negotiations with the United States to be widened.

Russia's U.N. ambassador, Vitaly Churkin, whose country is also a North Korean ally, said: ""It has to be a weighty resolution, but it also has to be a reasonable resolution"" that doesn't lead to North Korea's economic or humanitarian collapse, or further heighten tensions.

Russia's goal is to see six-party talks aimed at denuclearization resume, he said, but in the current atmosphere that's unlikely because the North Koreans ""have been very unreasonable"" and are challenging the entire international community.

""We think this is wrong for their national interests ... for the Korean Peninsula ... for the region,"" Churkin said.

North Korea, which calls its launches part of a peaceful space program, said it had successfully put a new Earth observation satellite, the Kwangmyongsong 4, or Shining Star 4, into orbit less than 10 minutes after liftoff, and vowed more such launches. A U.S. official said it might take days to assess whether the launch was a success.

But in Pyongyang, North Koreans celebrated the launch with an official fireworks display Monday night, state broadcaster KCTV reported, according to CNN.

Japan's U.N. ambassador, Motohide Yoshikawa, told reporters the missile, which went over Japan and landed near the Philippines, was ""a clear threat to the lives of many people.""

The Security Council underscored that launches using ballistic missile technology, ""even if characterized as a satellite launch or space launch vehicle"" contribute to North Korea's development of systems to deliver nuclear weapons and violate four Security Council resolutions dating back to the North's first nuclear test in 2006.

North Korea under Kim Jong Un has pledged to bolster its nuclear arsenal unless Washington scraps what Pyongyang calls a hostile policy meant to collapse Kim's government.

In a development that will worry both Pyongyang and Beijing, a senior South Korean Defense Ministry official, Yoo Jeh Seung, told reporters that Seoul and Washington have agreed to begin talks on a possible deployment of the THAAD missile-defense system in South Korea. North Korea has long decried the 28,500 U.S. troops stationed in South Korea, and Beijing would see a South Korean deployment of THAAD, which is one of the world's most advanced missile-defense systems, as a threat to its interests in the region.

In a statement, North Korea's National Aerospace Development Administration, in typical propaganda-laden language, praised ""the fascinating vapor of Juche satellite trailing in the clear and blue sky in spring of February on the threshold of the Day of the Shining Star.""

Juche is a North Korean philosophy focusing on self-reliance; the Day of the Shining Star refers to the Feb. 16 birthday of Kim Jong Un's father, former dictator Kim Jong Il. North Korea has previously staged rocket launches to mark important anniversaries.

Fox News' Jonathan Wachtel and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4337,OnPolitics | 's politics blog,"Who has Trump picked for his Cabinet so far?

Donald Trump is filling put his White House team with Cabinet picks and other top aides.",1
735,New Poll Finds Donald Trump Almost Caught Up with Hillary Clinton,"Republicans have rallied behind Donald Trump in recent weeks, as the businessman and reality-TV star cleared an all but assured path to the party’s presidential nomination. Trump has narrowed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton’s lead to 3 percentage points, according to a new NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll. The margin of error for the poll is plus-minus 3.1 percentage points.

Clinton leads trump 46 percent to 43 percent, marking a significantly smaller margin between the two likely nominees and the first time Clinton has not led Trump by double digits since December. In April, Clinton led Trump by 11 percentage points, 50 percent to 39 percent, according to a NBC News/WSJ poll.

Insofar as individual polls mean anything, the swell of support for Trump could suggest that Republican voters are accepting their presumptive nominee after his win in the Indiana primary earlier this month, and after Senator Ted Cruz, Trump’s final primary opponent, dropped out.

The poll comes out amid new bitterness in the Democratic primary battle. NBC points out just 66 percent of Democratic voters who prefer Sanders will support Clinton in a matchup against Trump, underscoring the challenge she faces in winning over necessary votes in the general election.

According to the poll, Clinton and Trump have one thing in common: both are currently the two most unpopular likely presidential nominees, with 54 percent of registered voters who have a negative opinion of Clinton and 58 percent having a negative opinion of Trump. If nominated at such rates, they would also be the most unpopular candidates since the poll began in 1984.",1
3325,Clinton emails on trade deal held until after election - Video,Clinton emails on trade deal held until after election,1
277,How Republicans will choose the next speaker,"Reps. Kevin McCarthy, R-California, Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, and Daniel Webster, R-Florida, are the three candidates vying for the post, and the winner becomes the favorite to become second in line to succeed the President of the United States.

But Thursday's vote inside the House GOP conference is just the first step. The candidate who gets the Republican party's internal nod still has to be approved by the full House of Representatives on October 29. And that's where things can get tricky.

If the Republican nominee can't garner 218 votes on the House floor, then Boehner will remain the speaker. And the potential for multiple rounds of votes on the House floor could open up the election to other candidates beyond the three that are in the race now. It would also prolong the deeply divisive and public process for House Republicans, who are hoping to chart a new path forward and prove they can make the dysfunctional Capitol work.

The three candidates will make their pitch to GOP colleagues at a ""candidate forum"" on Thursday morning in a conference room in the basement of the Capitol. Each gets three minutes to make a speech before answering questions from members. At noon, the 247 members of the House Republican conference gather in the ornate Ways and Means Committee room to vote. Under the House GOP conference rules, the three candidates are not allowed to make their own speeches. Instead each can designate one supporter to make a three-minute address nominating them for the post. Then up to two additional supporters can speak for another minute each on the candidate's behalf. To win the GOP nomination, a candidate needs a simple majority of all House Republicans -- or 125 votes. (That number could change if any House Republicans are absent or opts not to vote in the election.) Boehner plans to vote for McCarthy before heading to New York to tape an appearance on ""The Tonight Show,"" according to a spokesman. The delegate from American Samoa, Amata Radewagen, who doesn't get a vote on the House floor, does get to cast a vote for speaker inside the conference meeting. RELATED: John Boehner to appear on 'The Tonight Show' Three members serve as ""tally clerks"" and collect the ballots and count how many votes each candidate receives. Once all the ballots are counted, a representative of the conference will announce the results, along with the vote totals. If no candidate gets a majority of the conference on the first vote, a second ballot circulates with the names of the top two vote-getters, and a winner is announced after those ballots are counted. The new speaker can't take the gavel from Boehner until the full House of Representatives votes. Unlike the private contest on Thursday, the floor vote is covered live by C-SPAN's television cameras inside the House chamber. Each member of Congress is called on in alphabetical order to stand and announce their choice for speaker. The winner must win the votes of a majority -- 218, if everyone in the House is present -- in order to win. The vast majority of House Democrats are expected for to vote for former Speaker and current Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. House Republican conference rules require that GOP members support their party's nominee on the floor, but many conservatives have ignored that rule in recent elections. That's where any drama will occur. If the GOP nominee fails to get a majority, the contest on the House floor could go to multiple ballots. Boehner will remain the speaker until a majority of the House votes to elect a new candidate. The last time it took more than one ballot to elect a speaker was in 1923 when it took nine ballots over the course of three days. And you don't need to be in the House to get the job. The Constitution does not require that the speaker be someone currently serving in Congress, but all who have been elected to the post have been House members. Former Secretary of State Colin Powell, Sen. Rand Paul and Sen. Jeff Sessions received votes in the January 2015 election . And two years earlier, David Walker, the former head of the General Accounting Office, received one vote",1
3019,"Obama: For All The Things Republicans Blame Me For, Getting Blamed For Rise Of Donald Trump Is ""Novel""","Speaking at a joint press conference Thursday morning at the White House with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, President Obama makes extended comments regarding the 2016 election, and its unprecedented political polarization. 

 

 ""I have been blamed by the Republicans for a lot of things,"" the president said. ""But to be blamed for their primaries and who they are selecting is... novel.""

 

 ""I’m not going to validate some notion that the Republican crackup that’s been taking place is a consequence of actions that I’ve taken,"" he said. 

 

 ""I don’t think I was the one to prompt questions about my birth certificate, for example,"" he said. ""I don’t recall saying, 'Hey, why don’t you ask me about that.'""

 

 ""It's not as if there's a massive difference between Mr. Trump's position on immigration and Mr. Cruz's. Mr. Trump may be more provocative in terms of how he sighs, but says them, but they're not that different.""

 

",1
3341,The real reason the State Dept is Twitter fighting with the NY Times about Iran,"Twitter brings out the best in nobody, and this week that includes two of the most prominent people in Washington's national security establishment: New York Times chief Washington correspondent David Sanger and State Department senior adviser Marie Harf.

Their Twitter fighting is ostensibly over a technical issue in the Iran negotiations; Sanger had published a story reporting Iran had developed new nuclear fuel, which he suggested was a major embarrassment for the administration and bad for the Iran nuclear deal.

Harf basically argued that Sanger had misunderstood and misinterpreted the latest nuclear development. And, on balance, Harf's criticisms are correct, and Sanger's story elided some technical issues that make it clear this is nowhere near as big of a deal as he claims. But like so many arguments in Washington over Iran, it's about much more than that.

On Monday, Sanger reported in the Times, based on a new study, that ""Tehran's stockpile of nuclear fuel increased about 20 percent over the last 18 months of negotiations."" Sanger framed this as embarrassing for the Obama administration and a step back in the Iran nuclear negotiations. The development ""poses a major diplomatic and political challenge for President Obama,"" Sanger wrote, ""partially undercutting the Obama administration's contention that the Iranian program had been 'frozen.'""

Harf, who is currently acting as State Department spokesperson, said later she was ""perplexed"" by the story's contentions, pointing out that Iran had not violated any agreements and arguing that Sanger had overblown a minor development into a major issue. ""The notion that this is some big issue of concern of negotiation is more manufacturing a controversy than actual reality,"" she said.

What was interesting, watching this unfold, is that it prompted two entirely separate conversations. One, among mostly conservative national security writers and think tankers, expressed dismay at the Obama administration's defensiveness and its apparent refusal to acknowledge the cold, hard facts spelled out in the study. The other, among arms control experts, actually dug into those facts and ultimately ended up siding with Harf.

The first issue, as a number of people pointed out, is that Sanger had used the phrase ""nuclear fuel"" to describe the growth in Iran's nuclear program, which is both true and misleading. Iran has produced a specific category of nuclear fuel called low-enriched uranium (LEU), which is used for power plants or other peaceful purposes, not for nuclear warheads.

Sanger implies that this goes against the Joint Plan of Action (JPOA), Iran's 2013 temporary nuclear agreement with the US, meant as bridge until final negotiations are concluded this summer. In fact, Iran's development of more LEU is within the agreement, so for Sanger to write that it ""undercuts"" anything is incorrect.

Once the final nuclear deal with Iran comes into effect, based on the framework of that deal that was agreed upon in April, Iran will still be allowed to produce LEU — but it will only be allowed to keep a small stockpile on hand. The idea here is that LEU in itself is not terribly dangerous, and that both the production and the stockpile will be under close international monitoring to make sure Iran doesn't try to turn the LEU into highly enriched uranium (HEU), which is dangerous. However, the deal will limit how much LEU Iran is allowed to have on hand at any given time; the country will be required to ship it out or else convert it to, for example, fuel rods.

This gets to the heart of Sanger's argument: he is correct that Iran is building up a much larger stockpile of LEU than it will be allowed to have if the final deal comes into effect. To be clear, this activity does not violate any agreements currently in force. However, if the deal comes into effect, and if Iran wants to comply with that deal, then it will have to convert almost all of that LEU into some other form, such as fuel rods, or ship it out of the country. There is nothing preventing Iran from doing all of this in a way that complies with the deal.

A representative tweet from the arms control community, which seemed to collectively roll its eyes at Sanger's story:

""Iran's LEU is up somewhat, yes, but contrary to headline, it doesn't 'complicate' talks. IranDeal will cut [the size of Iran's LEU stockpile] to 300kg,"" Arms Control Association director Daryl Kimball wrote, calling Sanger's story ""a superficial analysis.""

It's also important to point out that Iran is developing this new LEU under the view of the international community in its officially declared facilities. If the Iranians really wanted to cheat, they would almost certainly construct a secret facility somewhere — as they've done in the past — and do it there.

That does not mean that it's great news that Iran is enriching more LEU. Certainly, everyone's lives would be easier if Iran unilaterally surrendered its entire nuclear program or at least took no more steps toward nuclear development. But Iran is continuing to conduct the sorts of nuclear activities that it is allowed under the JPOA (a deal that even Sen. Lindsey Graham, an Iran super-hawk, now supports), which should not be particularly surprising. It is a real stretch to argue, as Sanger does, that this enrichment ""poses a major political and diplomatic challenge"" to the Iran deal.

This is, in many ways, a repeat of the same argument that Washington has been having since 2013, when the JPOA was signed and the US and Iran began down the road to a nuclear deal. Supporters of the deal, joined since April's framework agreement by a chorus of arms control experts, say the deal is about the best feasible option we have for limiting Iran's nuclear enrichment.

Iran hawks argue that this is all based on a false premise that the Iran nuclear program is actually the core problem. Rather, they believe, the real problem is inherent to the Iranian regime itself, and that because the nuclear deal will not force regime change, it elides and thus perpetuates that problem.

This is why you see so much arguing between these two sides over every little technical blip along the way. For Iran hawks, episodes like this one just prove there is no such thing as a ""good"" nuclear deal because Iran is so inherently evil that it will find a way to exploit any deal to its advantage. Deal supporters and arms control experts, meanwhile, see that the deal will dramatically limit Iran's nuclear development, as well as make it much harder for the country to cheat, and thus go a long way to prevent both a nuclear bomb and the need for a disastrous war with Iran.

This is why you get lots of arguments over questions like ""Is Iran violating the JPOA in spirit, if not in letter?"" because for Iran hawks everything Iran does violates the spirit of the agreement because Tehran can only ever be dishonest and warlike.

It's why people on both sides spend lots of time debating the degree to which Iran is ""rational."" If Iran is rational, the incentives of the deal are much more likely to lead it to comply. But that word ""rational"" ends up becoming very hard to define and clear standards very hard to set. Was the US invasion of Iraq in 2003 rational? If it wasn't, does that mean America is incapable of rationally responding to incentives, and must be destroyed for the sake of world peace?

You can see how these debates almost immediately veer away from the factual into the theoretical and the indefinable. They are also, by the way, only tangentially related to technical issues such as whether Iran's latest LEU enrichment violates the JPOA. These debates are maddeningly unanswerable and unending. Most people in Washington who work on this issue, having long ago exhausted their arguments on this many times over, try to avoid rehearsing the debate. But that is not always the case on Twitter, even if you're David Sanger or Marie Harf.",1
971,Cruz's Methodical Delegate Strategy Narrows Trump's Path To GOP Nomination,"On the way into the Colorado Republican Party's state convention in Colorado Springs Saturday morning, a Ted Cruz supporter waved a big broom with the letters ""CRUZ"" fastened to the top.

The convention took place in a hockey arena, and the prop is probably familiar to most sports fans. The Cruz supporter was looking for a sweep, and a sweep was what he got.

Cruz picked up all 34 Republican National Convention delegates that Colorado Republicans awarded this week. Delegates backing Cruz won all three spots in each of the state's seven congressional districts, as well as 13 statewide slots.

The Colorado win follows a similar outcome in North Dakota, where Republicans elected a mostly Cruz-approved slate of delegates at a state convention last week. Those two delegate hauls, along with more complex delegate maneuvering in states like Louisiana that had already held their primaries and caucuses, highlight a growing organizational gap between Cruz's campaign and frontrunner Donald Trump's.

As recently as last month, the Cruz campaign insisted that he was fighting to win 1,237 delegates and clinch the GOP nomination outright, though Cruz told the Denver Post on Saturday that a contested convention is a ""very significant possibility."" Cruz also expressed confidence that he would win in such a scenario.

The Texas senator has become the candidate of choice for many Republicans simply trying to stop Trump. Cruz's organizational successes offer hope to them that he will succeed in blocking Trump's path. Though many of them stop short of saying they'd like Cruz to be the eventual nominee.

Most political observers didn't figure Colorado would play a role in the Republican primary, after the state declined to hold a binding primary or caucus. Still, Congressman Ken Buck, who chairs Cruz's Colorado campaign, said, ""dozens of volunteers have been working since December"" in Colorado to vet delegate candidates and organize at local caucuses and regional meetings.

On Saturday morning, Cruz volunteers wearing bright orange shirts swept through the arena, handing out glossy sheets listing the campaign's preferred delegate candidates. The campaign also blasted out text messages to convention attendees, listing their delegate choices.

""We put 15 delegate [candidates] forward,"" said Buck, who won a spot as a delegate himself. ""We looked at people that had run and won in the past. We looked at people who had been supporting Cruz for a long time. We looked at elected officials who knew how to run campaigns.""

That organizational effort was a stark contrast to Trump's campaign, which only had a handful of volunteers distributing delegate candidate lists. The Trump slate was riddled with errors.

According to NBC News, the Trump campaign failed to put forward a candidate slate in some of the earlier district-level contests. In another congressional district, two of the candidates they urged voters to back did not, in fact, make it onto the ballot.

""What this says for the Trump campaign is, you need to get your stuff in gear,"" said former Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele. ""Because you're about to get your clock cleaned on the easy stuff. A lot of folks look at, we just won the primary. The isn't about just winning the primary. It's about winning delegates. You get your delegates wherever and however you can.""

Indeed, the Trump campaign has made changes in recent days, bringing in longtime Washington operative Paul Manafort to play a role in convention preparation, as well as broader campaign strategy.

Manafort was asked about the result in Colorado on NBC's Meet The Press on Sunday and responded, ""I acknowledge that we weren't playing in Colorado and they did.""

He went on to criticize the pro-Cruz efforts as too aggressive, making an accusation of ""Gestapo tactics"" in various local party conventions.

Steele praised the Cruz campaign's organizational efforts, but cautioned against reading too much into the Colorado and North Dakota convention victories when looking forward to a possible Cleveland floor fight.

""Going into a state and grabbing unbound delegates and getting commitments and all that is not the same as going into a convention hall where overlaying everything is the RNC rules,"" he said.

Having a political and legal staff that understands the party's regulations and guidelines are key, he said, giving the Cruz campaign the advantage on that front.

But Steele argued that another important factor is, ""having delegates on the floor and relevant committees,"" Steele said, primarily the Rules Committee, which will shape the convention proceedings.

""The Trump team is going to be competitive on that front, because they've got a lot of delegates, and the ability to put their people on that committee and have weight on that committee,"" said Steele.

Both campaigns will spend the next two months gearing up for a historic floor fight. That's because while Trump may still secure the delegates he needs to avoid one, there's no chance he can do so until June 7, the very last day of the primary calendar.

Clarification: This post has been updated to reflect Cruz's recent comments entertaining the notion of a contested convention. An earlier version stated only that Cruz was insisting he would win enough delegates to clinch the GOP nomination before the party's convention in July.",1
3860,Obama To Limit Police Acquisition Of Some Military-Style Equipment,"Obama To Limit Police Acquisition Of Some Military-Style Equipment

President Obama said military-style equipment used by police departments ""can alienate and intimidate local residents and send the wrong message,"" as he ended federal transfers of such weapons to local law enforcement.

Obama's remarks, made in Camden, N.J., are an attempt to ease tensions between police and minority communities in the wake of several high-profile police-involved shootings.

Under new recommendations, police forces will be banned from acquiring some types of military-style equipment from federal agencies. The proposal was one of several made by a White House task force that Obama is putting into place using an executive order on Monday.

According to a report issued by the White House, the task force recommended banning the sale of some equipment — such as tracked armored vehicles, weaponized aircraft and high-caliber weapons and ammunition — after weighing their utility to local police and the ""the potential negative impact on the community if the equipment was used arbitrarily or inappropriately.""

Local police departments can still buy this equipment on their own. They just can't buy them from the feds or buy them using federal money.

""Obama's visit to one of New Jersey's poorest cities comes as he seeks to ramp up federal funding for community policing initiatives in the wake of a series of high-profile incidents that have frayed trust between officers and residents in Ferguson, Mo., New York and Baltimore, among other cities. ""Camden has long been among New Jersey's most crime-ridden cities, but reforms over the past two years have led to falling crime statistics and an increased number of officers in the community.""

Based on a fact sheet distributed by the White House, here are a few other initiatives Obama will highlight Monday:

— Police Data Initiative will help police departments across the country track things like use of force and police stops. Data scientists will help some police departments polish an early warning system, using data to flag problems.

— Twenty-one jurisdictions will also release big data sets that will help ""communities gain visibility into key information on police/citizen encounters.""

— The White House will release a body-cam tool kit that will help police plan and implement body-cam programs.

— The Department of Justice ""will begin taking applications for grants designed to advance the practice of community policing in law enforcement agencies through hiring, training and technical assistance, the development of innovative community policing strategies, applied research, guidebooks, and best practices that are national in scope.""",1
2725,"Cable news is in trouble, and it’s more about the news than the cable","Cable news is in trouble. The Pew Research Center reports that the median daily audience for Fox, CNN, and MSNBC is down about 11 percent since 2008.

The Washington Post's Paul Farhi sees a grim future for the industry. He argues that cable news outlets are pretty much where newspapers were a decade ago: their audience is aging, their medium is being disrupted by new technologies, and the next generation of viewers is developing habits and preferences that they're poorly placed to serve. (This is probably a good moment to note that I'm a contributor to MSNBC.)

The networks may still be making money — in 2014, Fox News managed $1.2 billion in profits, while CNN cleared $300 million and MSNBC made a bit more than $200 million — but Farhi suggests ""the cable news networks will face bankruptcy the same way Ernest Hemingway once described a character’s financial demise: 'Gradually and then suddenly.'""

Perhaps that's right. But while Farhi's account of cable news outlets' woes focuses mainly on the cable part of the equation, it's also worth considering the problems all three networks are having with the news itself.

The rise of the three major cable news networks were all driven by stories they dominated. CNN was made by the 1991 Gulf War. It wasn't just the first time it passed the networks in ratings; it was the first time CNN showed that it could beat the networks in coverage. You can still feel the surprise in this New York Times article from 1991:

The shooting in the Persian Gulf began tonight with the three broadcast networks committed to covering the war on a 24-hour basis, although their image as news leaders was damaged by the Cable News Network's early dominance of the coverage ... he networks' image was certainly not helped when Defense Secretary Dick Cheney said he was following the attacks on Baghdad on CNN. At least one network station, an NBC station in Detroit, decided to quit its network's coverage to run CNN's. And NBC finally was compelled to interview CNN reporters on the air to get information out of Baghdad.

Fox News, for its part, saw basically exponential growth around 9/11, and then again around the 2008 campaign and Obama's election. MSNBC's rise was driven by the backlash to the Bush administration, and particularly to the Iraq War:

The network held those gains in the first half of the Obama era, as liberals went from terrified to triumphant. But as liberals have gone from triumphant to a bit depressed and checked out, viewership has begun to decline.

The recent rise of cable news — particularly Fox and MSNBC — came in a period when the news — particularly political news — was unusually interesting.

Between 2000 and 2012, we saw a contested US presidential election, the largest terrorist attack ever on US soil, wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, repeated wave elections, a global financial crisis, the first black president, the rise of the Tea Party, the fight over Obamacare, and the first states to legalize gay marriage and marijuana — and much more. It's been a weirdly interesting, consequential period in American politics. And so the cable news networks, which could devote 24 hours a day to covering these stories, benefited.

But now it's an unusually dull period in American politics. Congress is gridlocked, and is likely to stay that way for the foreseeable future. The US, thankfully, isn't reeling from a terrorist attack or a financial crisis. We haven't invaded Iran, at least not yet. And it's not just cable news that's losing viewers because of it. Turnout in the 2014 election was the lowest it's been in 70 years.

You see this, I think, in the specific fortunes of the cable networks. Farhi reports that MSNBC lost 14 percent of its audience in 2014, and Fox lost 2 percent. But CNN prime time — which swung away from politics toward covering plane crashes and airing documentaries — is up 10 percent in 2015.

Which is all to say that Farhi may be right about the long-term decline of cable news — over some extended period of time, both network and cable channels are going to be diminished by whatever it is the internet creates in their place.

But year to year, a lot of the ups and downs might just be the appeal of what's actually in the news. If President Scott Walker goes to war with Iran, MSNBC's ratings are going to go up. If President Hillary Clinton takes away everyone's guns, Fox is going to boom. But for now, relative peace and stability are bad news for cable news.",1
224,Ryan flexes muscles in Ways and Means showdown,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
2583,Immigration Bill Slow to Stir Foes' Passion,"Grass-roots activists were instrumental in derailing the previous attempt by Congress to overhaul immigration laws, in 2007. This time, they have yet to ignite a similar fire.

Coordinated rallies last week to oppose the current bipartisan immigration legislation drew sparse crowds, with fewer than 10 people showing up for a protest in Dover, Del. The number of phone calls to lawmakers' offices opposing the bill has been a fraction of what it was six years ago. As a discussion topic on conservative talk radio in recent...",1
2126,Obama vetoes Keystone XL pipeline bill,"President Obama on Tuesday followed through on his vow to veto bipartisan-backed legislation authorizing the Keystone XL pipeline, marking his first veto of the Republican-led Congress and only the third of his presidency.

The president, in a brief statement, claimed the bill would ""circumvent"" the existing process for reviewing the pipeline, which would extend from Canada to Texas.

""The Presidential power to veto legislation is one I take seriously,"" Obama said. ""But I also take seriously my responsibility to the American people. And because this act of Congress conflicts with established executive branch procedures and cuts short thorough consideration of issues that could bear on our national interest -- including our security, safety, and environment -- it has earned my veto.""

The decision, while expected, was met with tough criticism from Republicans -- and tees up another showdown with Congress in the coming days as GOP leaders try to override.

""It's extremely disappointing that President Obama vetoed a bipartisan bill that would support thousands of good jobs and pump billions of dollars into the economy,"" Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said in a statement. ""Even though the President has yielded to powerful special interests, this veto doesn't end the debate.""

McConnell's office said the Senate plans to vote on overriding sometime before March 3.

But so far, congressional leaders have not demonstrated they have the votes to override, which takes a two-thirds majority in both chambers.

The Keystone bill garnered 62 yeas in the Senate, but they would need 67 to override. In the House, the bill got 270 votes -- but they would need 281 to override.

It remains unclear whether moderate lawmakers could be swayed to switch in the coming weeks.

While Tuesday's veto marked only the third of Obama's presidency -- fewer than any U.S. president since the 19th century -- his sparing use of the presidential tool is likely to change. With Republicans now in control of Congress, their efforts to chip away at the president's health care law and other legislative accomplishments are just as likely to be met with Obama's veto pen.

To date, Obama rarely has used the veto in part because Democrats for six years controlled at least one chamber in Congress -- acting as a buffer to prevent unwanted bills from ever reaching the president's desk. That buffer is now gone.

A look back at past presidencies, especially where control of the White House and Congress was split during at least one point, shows far more liberal use of that presidential power.

In the Clinton presidency, the president issued 37 vetoes in his two terms. President Ronald Reagan issued 78. President George W. Bush issued 12. His father issued 44.

Not since the Warren G. Harding administration has the number of vetoes been in the single digits; Harding issued six.

The Keystone bill is as contentious an issue as any for Obama to fire his first veto shot of the new Congress.

First proposed in 2008, the Keystone pipeline would connect Canada's tar sands to Gulf Coast refineries.

The White House has said repeatedly it would wait to make its decision about whether to let the project go forward until after a State Department review. It regards the legislation as circumventing that process.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2784,Iraq says it bombed Islamic State leader's convoy,"The Iraqi Air Force has bombed the convoy of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in Iraq's western Anbar province, the Iraqi military said Sunday.

The condition and location of al-Baghdadi were not known, the military said. It did not say when the strike occurred.

The military statement said al-Baghdadi, 44, had been heading to Karabla, near the Syrian border, to attend a meeting with ISIL commanders, Al Arabiya and other media outlets reported.

""The location of the meeting was also bombed and many of the group's leaders were killed and wounded,"" the statement said.

Iran's Fars news agency said several Arabic-language media outlets in Iraq have quoted ""informed military sources"" as saying al-Baghdadi had been killed and that no one in the convoy survived the attack. Reuters, however, cited hospital officials and Karabla residents as saying al-Baghdadi was not among the dead.

Also Sunday, the Combined Joint Task Force that coordinates the international effort against the Islamic State said it had staged 24 airstrikes on ISIL in Syria and Iraq on Saturday. The strikes conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve ""further limits the group's ability to project terror and conduct operations,"" the task force said in a statement.

The Islamic State has taken control of a large swath of Iraq and Syria in brutal fighting. Dominated by Sunni Arabs from Syria and Iraq, the group claims religious, political and military authority over Muslims worldwide as it attempts to build a state ruled by strict Sharia law.

The U.S. designated Baghdadi a terrorist four years ago, authorizing a $10 million reward for information leading to his death or capture.  There have been reports in the past that al-Baghdadi had been attacked or even killed, including last November, but he reportedly retains his iron grip on ISIL. The Islamic State's No. 2 leader, Ahmad al-Hayali, reportedly was killed by a U.S. airstrike in August, U.S. officials have said. Al-Hayali, also known as Hajji Mutazz, was killed in Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city.

The National Security Council said Mutazz, al-Baghdadi's deputy, ""was a primary coordinator for moving large amounts of weapons, explosives, vehicles and people between Iraq and Syria.""

Al-Baghdadi, the self-proclaimed ""caliph"" of the Islamic State, made news in the U.S. in August when the family of  Kayla Mueller, an American aid worker who died in February while being held by the Islamic State, claimed their daughter had been repeatedly raped by the ISIL leader.

Mueller, 26, from Prescott, Ariz., was taken captive in Syria in August 2013 while leaving a Spanish Doctors without Borders hospital in Aleppo.

Al-Baghdadi brought her to live at the home of Abu Sayyaf, a Tunisian in charge of oil and gas revenue for the group, counterterrorism officials said. The details of Mueller's treatment were initially reported by several Yazidi girls who were held at the house, including a 14-year-old and her sister who managed to escape in August 2014. The sisters' version has been corroborated by U.S. officials.

According to the accounts by the Yazidi girls, many Yazidi women passed through the Sayyaf house on the way to being given as ""presents"" to Islamic State fighters. They said rape was a ""reward"" for military victories. The Yazidis are an ancient religious sect, based mostly in Iraq, that has faced savage treatment from ISIL.",1
604,Koch Groups To Spend Nearly $1 Billion On 2016,"WASHINGTON, Jan 26 (Reuters) - Conservative political advocacy groups supported by the billionaire Koch brothers plan to spend $889 million in the 2016 U.S. elections, more than double what they raised in 2012, the Washington Post reported on Monday.

The newspaper said the goal was announced to donors at a weekend meeting in Rancho Mirage, California, hosted by Freedom Partners, a business lobby at the center of the Koch brothers' political operation. The Post cited a person who attended the gathering.

The money will be doled out by a network of 17 organizations funded by industrialists Charles and David Koch, who have become a major force in conservative politics in recent years, and other wealthy donors. The network raised $407 million for the 2012 campaign.

During the 2012 election cycle, the national Republican Party collectively spent about $675 million, according to election data compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics.

The Post said the $889 million would be spent on field operations, technology, policy study and other expenses.

The Freedom Partners network spent almost $300 million on November's congressional elections, in which Republicans won control of the Senate and retained their majority in the House of Representatives.

The potential field for the Republican presidential nomination is fairly crowded and the Post said the Koch group was still considering whether it would support candidates in the Republican primaries, which could dramatically shape the campaign and possible lead to intraparty conflict.

Senators Rand Paul, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, and Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, all of whom are mentioned as possible presidential candidates, took part in the Rancho Mirage meeting, the Post said.

The newspaper said the Freedom Partners network included Americans for Prosperity and funded groups such as Concerned Veterans for America, the Libre Initiative and Generation Opportunity. (Writing by Bill Trott; Editing by Peter Cooney)",1
2351,"If Guns Make Us Safer, Why Not Let Them Into the U.S. Capitol?","It’s a curious feature of American life that when four innocents are killed by a gunman in Chattanooga, or when a young white supremacist opens fire inside a historic AME Church in Charleston, we talk about loosening gun safety laws.

In the aftermath of this week’s murders, Donald Trump managed the near-impossible—sounding like a mainstream Republican politician—when he argued, “Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance.” He is hardly alone in proposing this solution to the epidemic of gun violence. “These terrible tragedies seem to occur in gun-free zones,” said Rand Paul in January. “The Second Amendment “serves as a fundamental check on government tyranny,” Ted Cruz has said.

But if these Second Amendment-purists really think that guns make places safer, if they really think that guns are an important check on government and safeguard of liberty, then why do so many of them keep their workplace—the U.S. Capitol—free of firearms?

For almost two centuries and until very recently, ordinary citizens had free run of the Capitol. Ironically, as Congress has become less hospitable to gun safety laws, and as conservative Republican legislators have grown more strident in their desire to see citizens carry open and concealed weapons everywhere—in churches and schools, on college campuses, at bars and restaurants—the one venue that has grown more gun-free, more secure and more restrictive is the building they work in.

Until 1983, there were no metal detectors at the entryways to the Capitol. No staff and member identification badges. No requirement that American taxpayers reserve advance tickets, queue up in a subterranean visitors’ center and be guided through a select few rooms of the complex. The only areas truly off limits to non-credentialed individuals were the Senate and House floors, though in extraordinary times, even these rooms became public space.

When Union soldiers converged on Washington in the spring of 1861, the Sixth Massachusetts took refuge in the new House and Senate chambers. John Hay, Abraham Lincoln’s young staff secretary, ventured over to inspect the “novel” scene. “The contrast was very painful between the grey haired dignity that filled the Senate Chamber when I saw it last and the present throng of bright-looking Yankee boys,” he observed..” Hay reclined on a leather sofa toward the rear of the chamber and gazed at the “wide-spreading skylights over arching the vast hall like heaven blushed and blazed with gold.” He thought it a fitting place to quarter the troops.

It took extraordinary circumstances for armed militiamen, citizens and congressmen to mingle freely on the House floor. But the stark contrast between now and then raises a poignant issue: Why should Congress be the only gun-free zone in America?

At exactly 2:32 on the afternoon of March 1, 1954, gunfire emanating from multiple points in the gallery interrupted legislative business on the crowded House floor, where 240 members of Congress were debating an immigration reform bill. The assailants—four Puerto Rican nationalists armed with German Lugers—created instant bedlam. Bullets “crashed through the table of the majority leader and chairs around it,” reported the New York Times, “and struck near the table of the Minority Leader and beyond.” At first, many House members mistook the gunfire for firecrackers. When they realized the gravity of their situation—they were sitting ducks, easy targets for unidentified gunmen who enjoyed a direct line of site—members dove behind their seats and crawled their way to the cloakrooms.

Capitol Police officers, with the aide of several spectators and one congressman, worked to subdue the attackers, while teenaged House pages dodged bullets to carry Rep. Alvin Bentley, a 35-year-old Republican from Michigan who had been gravely wounded, off the floor. Against odds, Bentley survived his injuries.

Remarkably, the attack in 1954 spurred no fundamental changes to Capitol security. The same cultural traditions that made the Capitol a natural dormitory for Civil War soldiers made it unthinkable that Congress would bar citizens from freely accessing and wandering its halls. The democratization of American politics from the 1830s onward reinforced a widely held conviction that, no matter how unrepresentative the makeup of the House and Senate might be of society at large, the national legislature was a people’s body, and its buildings belonged to everyone.

That began to change amid the turbulence of the late sixties. In 1967, with civil rights and anti-Vietnam War demonstrations assuming an increasingly strident tone—including several disruptive protests from the House and Senate galleries—Congress passed a new measure stipulating, among other provisions, that it be made a criminal offense, punishable by up to five years in prison, to carry or discharge a firearm in the Capitol. Still, even after the Weather Underground detonated a bomb in the Senate wing in the early morning hours of March 1, 1971, ostensibly to protest U.S. military operations in Laos, Congress took few precautions. As late as 1983, visitors were required to pass through metal detectors at the doors to the Senate and House galleries, but not upon entering the building itself, where they remained free to walk most corridors and inevitably happened across dozens if not hundreds of congressmen on days when either chamber was in session. At most, they were asked to open their handbags and purses for a manual inspection.

The status quo changed on the evening of November 7, 1983, when a bomb tore through the walls of the Senate Republican cloakroom and also badly damaged the office of Senate Minority Leader Robert Byrd. Fortunately, no lives were lost.

In response to the attack, Congress finally tightened Capitol security in a significant way. Whereas visitors had been able to access the building through 10 doors, now the Capitol Police only allowed the general public to use four, each outfitted with a metal detector. In later years, x-ray machines were added. Furthermore, staff members were now required to wear official badges that would allow them access to newly restricted areas. Reporters, accustomed to enjoying free run of the building, found themselves limited in their movement.

“There were a lot of older staff people and members around who thought it was just terrible to have metal detectors and bomb-sniffing dogs around,” recalled former House Clerk Donnald K. Anderson in an official oral history.

Indeed, even in the immediate aftermath of the bombing in 1983, many members balked at the idea of restricting access and tightening security, particularly where representatives of media outlets were concerned. Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Democrat of New York, warned that “to cut off access—free, spontaneous, adventitious and often calamitous—between senators and the accredited members of the press gallery would be to change our institution. It would begin to cut us off from the people who send us here.”

“It’s a sad day for the American government when any constituent has to go through a security guard to see a Congressman,” said Robert H. Michel, the House Republican leader.",1
3089,5 facts about consistent conservatives,"The annual Conservative Political Action Conference begins this week, a three-day event hosted by the American Conservative Union where activists, officeholders, campaign consultants and others will hear from a dozen or so potential Republican presidential candidates – among them Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, Rand Paul, Chris Christie and Ted Cruz.

Last year’s series of Pew Research Center reports on political polarization used a 10-item scale of ideological consistency to place Americans into five categories: consistently conservative or liberal, mostly conservative or liberal, and mixed. By that metric, 9% of the public overall is consistently conservative, including 20% of Republicans and Republican leaners; most of the remaining Republicans and leaners were “mostly conservative” (33%) or had a mixture of liberal and conservative views (37%).

Here are five facts drawn from our package of reports about consistent conservatives:

Consistent conservatives participate in politics at higher rates than most other ideological groups. Political engagement tends to be highest among the most consistent conservatives and liberals, the Pew Research survey found. Half of consistent conservatives, for example, said they had contacted an elected official within the past two years – the highest level of any of our five groups. (The corresponding figure for all Americans, by the way, was 28%.) Consistent conservatives also ranked high on other measurements of political engagement, such as donating money (26%), attending campaign events (24%) and volunteering on a campaign (12%).

Conservatives had outsize influence in the November midterm elections. Although consistent conservatives make up only about 9% of the total adult population, they vote at higher rates than people elsewhere on the ideological spectrum: 78% said they always vote, compared with 49% of the general public. Consequently, a report we published a few weeks before the 2014 midterms estimated that consistent conservatives would make up 17% of the November 2014 electorate.

Conservatives would rather live in small towns or rural areas than anywhere else. Our research found an overwhelming preference among the most conservative Americans for nonurban lifestyles: 41% of consistent conservatives said they would live in a rural area if they could live anywhere in the U.S., and 35% picked a small town; just 4% said they’d prefer a city.

Similarly, three-quarters of consistent conservatives said they’d rather live in a place where “the houses are larger and farther apart, but schools, stores and restaurants are several miles away,” and just 22% said they’d choose to live where “the houses are smaller and closer to each other, but schools, stores and restaurants are within walking distance.”

When it comes to raising children, conservatives prioritize responsibility, faith and hard work. When we asked our American Trends Panel about the three most important traits to teach children, 61% of consistent conservatives cited “being responsible,” and about as many (59%) identified religious faith as particularly important; hard work was chosen by 44%. While responsibility led among all five ideological groups, and hard work was among the top three for all but consistent liberals, religious faith was chosen by significantly more consistent conservatives than all other groups.

Conservatives gravitate toward Fox News. A separate Pew Research report on polarization and media habits found that 47% of consistent conservatives (and 31% of people with mostly conservative views) cited Fox News as their main source for news about government and politics; no other news source came close. And 88% of consistent conservatives said they trusted Fox News – by far the highest level of trust by any ideological group of any single news source among the 36 we asked about.",1
2081,Would Earth Day’s creator have celebrated this Earth Day?,"This post has been updated.

Soledad O’Brien, former CNN news anchor extraordinaire, was met with a puzzling situation last Saturday. She was co-hosting a massive Earth Day extravaganza on the Mall. She was standing in front of a crowd she estimated at 250,000 people. She had a microphone. But she was talking and nobody was listening.

“The event’s hosts, newscaster Soledad O’Brien and Black Eyed Peas bandleader Will.I.Am, appeared to have a rough time of it,” The Washington Post’s Chris Richards wrote. “O’Brien, either frustrated by glitchy teleprompters or perhaps not clear on how a concert works, actually shushed the crowd at one point.”

O’Brien’s problem reflected what some see as a problem with Earth Days of recent vintage. Even as companies, celebrities and the likes of My Morning Jacket and No Doubt stand by to do what they can for the planet, what they’re doing doesn’t seem to amount to much.

“Launched in 1970 as a protest against corporate environmental misconduct, Earth Day has become a planet-hugging marketing frenzy for companies themselves,” the Wall Street Journal wrote in 2008. “Makers of everything from snack chips to sport-utility vehicles now use April 22 to boast about their efforts to help save the planet.”

‘Twas not always so. When Democratic Sen. Gaylord Nelson (Wis.) saw the waters off Santa Barbara, Calif., turn black in 1969 after what was then the worst U.S. oil spill, organizing a rock concert was not on his mind. Faced with ghastly images of oil-covered birds and meager attempts to soak up oil slicks with straw, he wanted to build a coalition across political parties — across country and city.

“Gaylord’s unique contribution is that he was the first person to see the political importance of conservation, that it could be used to mobilize people,” Denis Hayes, one of the organizers of the first Earth Day, said after Nelson’s death in 2005. “He recognized the partnership between traditional conservation issues and the new emerging urban and industrial issues. Largely forgotten is that he was the first and most important to help us build bridges between environmental concerns and organized labor.”

It worked. Twenty million people came out on April 22, 1970, to rally, raise hell and clean up.

“The reason Earth Day worked is that it organized itself,” Nelson said. “The idea was out there and everybody grabbed it. I wanted a demonstration by so many people that politicians would say, ‘Holy cow, people care about this.'”

Perhaps not coincidentally, the Environmental Protection Agency was created in 1970, the Clean Water Act was passed in 1972 and the Endangered Species Act was passed in 1973. In a country where Ohio’s Cuyahoga River had caught fire less than a decade before, a Republican president, Richard M. Nixon, signed executive orders and legislation that would begin the process of cleaning up the nation.

Then, even as the Earth kept warming up, a long, cold winter set in.

“Ten years later, it has become popular in some circles to write the obituary of the environmental movement, to refer to the passing of the ‘golden era’ for environmentalism,” Nelson wrote in 1980. “It is asserted that public interest has waned, that new worries have captured attention, that inflation, the energy crisis, and international conflict have superseded if not wiped out public concern over environmentalism.”

But the “golden era” really was a golden era. Nelson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1995, but momentum had stalled.

“One could argue that there has been no major environmental legislation since 1990, when President George H.W. Bush signed a bill aimed at reducing acid rain,” the New Yorker wrote in 2013 after the Senate tabled what would have been a landmark bill on carbon emissions. “Today’s environmental movement is vastly bigger, richer, and better connected than it was in 1970. It’s also vastly less successful.”

Nelson had envisioned Earth Day as a “teach-in.” When Earth Day returned in 1990, it “sought to ‘enlist’ people in a well-defined movement, not to enable them to work out their own vision of how they might make a difference,” as Adam Rome, who wrote a book about the celebration, told the New Yorker.

So, the United States still hasn’t ratified the Kyoto Protocol. The messaging of the day may be lost amid promotional products and greenwashing. But we do have Earth Day T-shirts and hoodies.

As Hal Harvey, environment-program director for a funder of prominent environmental groups, told the Wall Street Journal: “The danger is we let ourselves be happy with gestures rather than substance.”",1
4571,"Behind anti-Trump protests, worries that America's promise has dimmed (+video)","For many Americans who have long felt threatened, the election of Donald Trump raises deep-seated fears that they could again become targets of hatred and prejudice.

Demonstrators protest against President-elect Donald Trump in front of the Trump International Hotel in Washington Thursday.

A Muslim mother of four, Nadia has for the most part escaped overt racism in her tiny hometown about an hour outside New York.

But lately, her 8-year-old daughter has been having nightmares. Amid calls during the presidential campaign to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States, it feels like something has changed in the atmosphere, says Nadia, who asks that her last name not be used.

At a parent-teacher conference last week, a student, 8 or 9 years old, came up to her and said, “When Donald Trump gets elected, you’re going to get deported,” she says.

There was no question to her where the behavior came from, and on Tuesday night, it felt like voters sent her an inescapable message: That behavior was an acceptable part of the new America.

“We have these no-bullying initiatives, and then we are showing kids that bullies can win,” Nadia says. “I don’t know how we can reconcile that in the future.”

On Wednesday night and again Thursday, shock, sadness, anger, and fear spilled across the nation in protests against the election of Mr. Trump.

Tens of thousands of demonstrators marched, lighted fires, and chanted anti-Trump slogans. The boldest and brashest talked of secession on social media. But for many, like Nadia, acceptance has come in waves of bitter disbelief.

To them, the election of Trump directly contradicts the values they cherish and associate with America. Interviews with women, people of color, immigrants, and members of the LGBTQ community across the country reveal deep-seated fears that Trump’s words and behavior have too often embodied what they have spent their lives opposing: racism, sexism, homophobia, and a white patriarchy that for centuries has shared its power only reluctantly.

In the wake of Tuesday’s election, these voters – particularly in liberal cities and states – are struggling to come to grips with a nation they say they hardly recognize. America’s promise to embrace all, before so bright, now seems perceptibly dimmer.

“There was a staggering amount of shock,” says Raphael Sonenshein, executive director of the Edmund G. Brown Institute of Public Affairs at California State University Los Angeles. “This was an extraordinarily intense campaign, and we’re seeing a lot of angst and concern, especially in communities that were talked about in a negative way.”

As a woman of mixed black and Persian parentage, Shirin Shoai identified deeply with President Obama in both 2008 and 2012. This year, she had connected as a woman with Hillary Clinton – and been appalled by Trump’s offhand remarks about sexual assault.

On Wednesday morning, she couldn’t believe what she saw when she woke up.

The notion that millions of her fellow citizens could support Trump was frightening for what it said about the depth of the divide within America, she says. As a psychotherapist in Berkeley, Calif., her job is to forge connections between people. She wonders now if the nation is capable of it.

“I think it’s going to take a lot of work to get us together as a country,” Ms. Shoai says. “It requires a kind of empathy and availability to that other person that I don’t know on a national scale that we have.”

For Jessie Earl, the concern stems from the discrimination she has faced as a transgender woman. In many ways, she has been fortunate, she says. Even in the small, conservative town in New York State where she grew up, she was often surrounded by supportive friends and family. Still, the sting of bigotry is familiar.

Last week, she went into a bathroom in a building close to the Los Angeles office where she works as a digital editor. A woman, upon seeing her, said loudly that it seemed a man had made his way into the ladies’ room. A supervisor was called in, who defused the situation, Ms. Earl says.

“But that was terrifying to me,” she says. “I wanted to hide.”

Earl worries that Trump, through his words and actions, would legitimize that sort of discrimination.

“It’ll tell people that that behavior is acceptable,” she says. And while she lives in Southern California, where such incidents are less likely to take place, she knows that others are not so fortunate.

“I have friends in North Carolina who are transgender,” she says. “I don’t want them to live in a society that says it’s OK to ostracize them.”

Among immigrants and the Hispanic community, the fear of what a Trump administration might mean is perhaps even more palpable.

Two years ago, US-born Paola Hernandez married Emmanuel Ramirez, and now the Tucson, Ariz., couple has an 18-month-old daughter. But Mr. Ramirez is here illegally, having sneaked across the US-Mexico border 14 years ago.

He can apply for legal status through his wife. But he hasn’t begun the process because he can’t afford to hire an attorney, which can cost $8,000. Ramirez, a native of Mexico, has worked for years as a dishwasher and cook.

Trump “said he would do raids, and there are so many families that would be affected because we’re here illegally,” says Ramirez.

The risk of estrangement is more emotional than physical for Debbie Yen.

The millennial daughter of Chinese-American immigrants in California’s Orange County, Ms. Yen says her parents shaped who she has become – teaching her to value integrity, to stay calm in the face of adversity, and to take the high road.

But they voted for a man that, to her, embodies the opposite of all those things.

“I can’t help but feel disappointed in them,” says Yen, a freelancer who works in production. “Everything that I’ve been raised up to this point to be is the exact opposite of what Trump has done and said and been throughout his campaign.”

Amid the disillusionment, however, most of those interviewed said they wanted to learn from the loss, keep fighting for progress, and – perhaps most importantly – reach out to the other side.

“I understand the anger, the feeling of betrayal,” says Earl in Los Angeles. “But it doesn’t help if you just yell at someone. That just adds to the environment of not listening” that led the country to where it is in the first place.

Her new goal, she says, is to engage more with people who view the world differently than she does. She doesn't believe everyone who voted for Trump is a bad person; but she does want to better understand where they’re coming from.

“We don’t expose ourselves to other people’s ideas. So we’re not seeing each other as people,” she says.

Shoai, the Berkeley therapist, plans to start working with a group called “Sidewalk Talk,” which invites people on the street to stop and share their feelings for about 10 minutes. She laughs sheepishly as she explains the concept.

“Things like that that sound really ‘woo-hoo,’ soft,” Shoai says. “But we just need to be more vocal about that stuff. If half of the country is feeling really left behind, there’s something going on that we need to know about.”

“That’s sort of my sadness and my hope.”

Nadia also urges action. “We’ve been sitting on the sidelines for too long,” she says. “If we’re going to turn this around, we have get out there.”

To make her own small mark, she intends to run in her town’s next school board elections. And she hopes others across the country – especially the millions of people who voted with a vision of a united America – will take similar steps.

“We are Americans,” she adds. “We define what America will be.”

Lourdes Medrano contributed to this report from Tucson, Ariz.",1
576,The College Loan Bombshell Hidden in the Budget,"In obscure data tables buried deep in its 2016 budget proposal, the Obama administration revealed this week that its student loan program had a $21.8 billion shortfall last year, apparently the largest ever recorded for any government credit program.

The main cause of the shortfall was President Barack Obama’s recent efforts to provide relief for borrowers drowning in student debt, reforms that have already begun to reduce loan payments to the government. For more than two decades, budget analysts have recalculated the projected costs of about 120 credit programs every year, but they have never lowered their expectations of repayments this dramatically. The $21.8 billion revision—larger than the annual budget for NASA, or the Interior Department and EPA combined—will be tacked onto the federal deficit.

“Wow,” marveled Steve Ellis, vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense. “Whether or not it’s good policy to help borrowers with their payments, it’s obviously costly for taxpayers.”

The 40 million Americans with student loans are now saddled with more than $1.2 trillion in outstanding debt. And with higher education costs rising much faster than inflation, the already massive program has been growing at a spectacular clip; direct government loans alone increased 44 percent over the last two years despite an aura of austerity in Washington. The Obama administration has tried to ease the burden for some borrowers by reducing their payments to 10 percent of their income and forgiving their loans after 20 years; this year, the Education Department plans to make all borrowers eligible for that “pay-as-you-earn” relief.

Student loan defaults increased somewhat last year, but the department says the primary drivers of the unprecedented “re-estimate”—budget-wonk jargon for the update of expected loan costs—were Obama’s policy changes, the recent ones as well as the upcoming ones. And because of a quirk in the budget process for credit programs, the department can add the $21.8 billion to the deficit automatically, without seeking appropriations or even approval from Congress.

That’s a big quasi-bailout, increasing the deficit nearly 5 percent. The White House budget office was unaware of any larger re-estimates since the current scoring rules for credit programs went into effect in 1992. As a January Politico Magazine feature on the government’s unusual credit portfolio reported, the Federal Housing Administration has stuck more than $75 billion worth of similar re-estimates onto Uncle Sam’s tab over the last two decades, most of them after the recent housing bust led to a cascade of FHA-backed mortgage defaults. But it’s never had a one-year shortfall quite as drastic as this.

It’s not yet clear whether this will be a hefty one-time revision, or a harbinger of oceans of red ink as millions more borrowers get relief on their payments to the government. Several reports by Barclays Capital have warned that Obama’s generosity to borrowers could leave the student loan program as much as $250 billion in the hole over the next decade. And behind closed doors, officials in the White House budget office and the Treasury Department have criticized the Education Department’s loan models as overly optimistic, with some officials pushing internally for third-party audits.

But administration officials said there’s no reason to think this year’s shortfall will recur. They believe that their budgets going forward will accurately reflect their new efforts to help borrowers limit their payments, that pay-as-you-earn will be “baked into the cake.” Historically, re-estimates for the better and for the worse have tended to cancel each other out across the government. In fact, this year, the government’s credit portfolio increased to $3.3 trillion, larger than any U.S. bank’s, but the re-estimates for all the programs besides student loans netted out to less than $1 billion.

The administration argues that even the $21.8 billion student loan shortfall is a relative pittance for the Education Department’s $740 billion book of direct loans, the second-largest government credit portfolio after FHA mortgage guarantees.

“Any re-estimate should be considered in this context,” says White House Office of Management and Budget spokeswoman Emily Cain.",1
5006,Trump Vows to Never Change: 'I Am Who I Am',"On Saturday, Donald Trump threatened to revoke the credentials of The New York Times after the newspaper published a report detailing the ""failing"" effort by Republican Party operatives to ""save Mr. Trump from himself.""

On Sunday, the Republican presidential candidate doubled down, slamming the Times on Twitter and vowing to never change.

""The newspaper's going to hell,"" Trump told a rally Saturday at Sacred Heart University in Fairfield, Conn. ""They've got a couple of reporters in that newspaper who are so bad — I mean lack of talent. But it's going to hell.

 

 ""So, I think maybe what we'll do, maybe we'll start thinking about taking their press credentials away from them,"" the Republican nominee added, drawing cheers from the crowd.

 

 ""Maybe we'll do that. I think so. I think so.

 

 ""When they write dishonest stories, we should be a little bit tough, don't we agree?""

 

 Many in the audience yelled ""yeah.""

 

 The Times report, by Alexander Burns and Maggie Haberman, detailed efforts by staffers to keep Trump on script, focus more on policy and tone down his inflammatory rhetoric and combative style.

 

 It was based on interviews with 20 Republicans, many of whom insisted on anonymity to avoid clashing with him,"" according to the Times.

 

 The article also described a meeting Trump had with GOP political consultant Karl Rove and casino magnate Steve Wynn during the primaries — from which Rove emerged ""stunned"" that the nominee knew little about campaign basics.

 

 Trump slammed the Times for using anonymous sources, saying ""I don’t think they have any names.""

 

 In an overall attack on the press, Trump said that it was his biggest competitor in this campaign, not Hillary Clinton.

 

 ""I'm not running against crooked Hillary,"" he said. ""I’m running against the crooked media.

 

 ""That’s what I’m running against, I’m not running against crooked Hillary.""

Paul Manafort, the Trump campaign chairman, also pushed back against the media during an appearance Sunday on CNN.

""Contrary to the New York Times's nameless sources story, the campaign is moving forward and very strong,"" he said. ""We raised over $132 million in the last two months.""

He noted that Trump had visited key battleground states such as Pennsylvania, Ohio and Florida repeatedly and was ""starting to get traction in those states.""

However, recent polls have shown Trump's numbers sagging badly in those battleground states, notably hurt by his critical comments about the Muslim parents of a fallen US soldier, and what some saw as his suggestion that ""Second Amendment groups"" -- gun lovers -- take their dislike for Clinton into their own hands.

Manafort repeated the Trump claim that his Second Amendment remark was meant purely as an exhortation to vote.

But even one of Trump's top advisers, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, conceded Sunday that the candidate needed to communicate ""more effectively.""

""He's got to wrestle in his own heart, how does he communicate who he is, what he believes, the change he thinks he can bring to America,"" he said on ABC.

""He does need to communicate -- and I think he can -- more effectively.""

The CNN interviewer also asked Manafort about mounting pressure on Trump to release his tax returns after Clinton released hers on Friday.

The channel broadcast video of Trump urging Mitt Romney, the Republican candidate in 2012, to release his returns at the time, saying, ""If you didn't see the tax returns, you would think there is almost, like, something wrong.""

Manafort repeated Trump's explanation that he is under audit by the Internal Revenue Service.

""When that's completed, he'll release the returns,"" Manafort said, adding that Clinton's returns showed income coming from ""people who benefited from her State Department term as well,"" referring to her time as secretary of State.

""I haven't seen stories on that yet.""

Trump has revoked the press credentials of several media outlets, including Politico, The Washington Post and The Huffington Post. 

 

 ""I'm no fan of the Washington Post, although they have been much nicer lately, I must say,"" Trump said Saturday. ""Maybe I'll let them back in. they’ve been much better.""

 

 He also ripped CNN for its coverage of him saying that President Barack Obama was the ""founder"" of the Islamic State — a remark he later said was sarcastic, ""but not that sarcastic.""

 

 ""CNN is so disgusting,"" Trump said. ""Their ratings are going down big league.

 

 ""You know why? Because I refuse to be interviewed. And I get high ratings, what can I say?

 

 ""These people are so dishonest.""

 

 He later praised an article from The New York Post, which detailed his contributions as a developer to New York City.

Material from AFP was used in this story.",1
4913,"Trump Campaign Bombs in Virginia, Again","Empty bleachers and a hostile student body greeted Trump vice presidential nominee Mike Pence in Virginia on Saturday at one of the most religiously conservative schools in the country.

Trump’s VP nominee railed against Hillary Clinton in Northern Virginia on Saturday afternoon—but he chose to do it at an evangelical Christian college with a history of anti-Trump sentiment. Students protested outside, while inside students stood in silent protest until they were ejected mid-speech.

The protests and poor attendance at the speech at Patrick Henry College illustrate the challenges that Trump has appealing to evangelical Christians, especially younger ones, who are turned off by his tone, his campaign ideas and his personal history—and are not at all assauged by his choice of Pence for his running mate.

“The PHC student body as a whole is very anti-Trump. A lot of them say, ‘I don’t like him but I’m going to turn up my nose and vote for him because I like Hillary even less.’ But overall there is a severe disgust with Trump,” said Sebastian Lopez, a junior studying political theory at the school who was protesting the speech, holding a sign for hours outside in the blazing mid-day sun.

“I don’t think that Mike Pence is a bad person, but I think he has made an alliance with someone who is completely unacceptable from a libertarian, conservative or progressive standpoint,” added Christian McGuire, a junior at Patrick Henry College studying American politics who was also demonstrating against Pence.

Pence’s visit is not the first misstep by the Trump campaign in Virginia. Donald Trump flubbed his speech in Northern Virginia earlier this month when he lectured the affluent locals in the audience as if they were the Rust Belt—“You’re doing lousy over here,” he remarked—and then listed factory closures in far-flung areas of the state that were hours away, as well as a plant that closed in North Carolina.

Patrick Henry College is located in Loudoun County, the affluent swing district an hour from Washington, D.C., that voted for Bush twice, and then Obama twice. It’s as close to a must-win county as it gets.

But locals weren’t interested in hearing what he had to say. When Marco Rubio visited in February during the Republican primaries, students and local residents crammed into the room, filling the bleachers, the gymnasium floor and the balconies above to get a glimpse of the presidential candidate. The road outside the college was jam-packed. Parking was a nightmare.

“There are certainly students who support Trump, though most are not enthusiastic. He was rarely the first choice in such a crowded primary field,” said Tim Kocher, a spokesman for the Patrick Henry College Republicans. “I believe Trump has a solid base of support around 15-20%, but many students simply have not made up their minds as far as the presidential race goes.”

When Pence visited Saturday, the room was half-empty—a whole set of retractable bleachers sat empty and discarded near the stage; no admiring crowds leaned over the balcony to get a better look at the politician; parking was a breeze. This lackluster turnout took place at a school which in fall 2015 registered just 294 students, yet had about as many White House interns during the Bush administration as Georgetown University, with its nearly 18,000 students.

“I’m a B-list Republican celebrity,” Pence said self-deprecatingly, as he thanked attendees for showing up on a beautiful, cloudless Saturday afternoon. It was funny because it was kind of sad, and it was sad because it was kind of true.

Pence also spoke as if he did not quite understand whose ticket he was on. “We believe in free trade,” he said, as if Trump had not run a campaign slamming international trade. The governor also slammed Hillary Clinton’s plan to tax the rich, as if the Republican nominee had not taken aim at Wall Street during his populist run for the White House. Americans are “tired of politicians who divide our country to unite their support,” he said, as if Trump had not run a campaign that regularly disparaged Muslims, foreigners and women.

As if to bolster this point, a group of protesters critical of Trump’s rhetoric on Islam revealed their T-shirts during Pence’s speech, engaging in a silent protest of the Republican ticket as they were slowly escorted out.

Even the students who supported the Trump-Pence ticket seemed to be doing so with an air of resignation, buoyed only by the threat they believe Hillary Clinton poses to the country.",1
654,This Is What Making History Looks Like,"But the numbers were a boring datapoint in an otherwise historical, emotional night . Well before the first state was called, the Clinton campaign changed her Twitter profile picture to read “ History made ” and released a video that spotlighted the barrier she had broken. Her crowd was packed with cheering women and fathers who had brought their daughters to witness the celebratory event in Brooklyn .

Hillary Clinton officially became the presumptive Democratic nominee on Monday night. But it was sealed with pomp and circumstance on Tuesday. Victories in New Jersey and New Mexico, and early results from California , gave her enough pledged delegates to claim a majority. That, combined with her substantial lead among superdelegates, gave her enough to informally claim the nomination.

Forty-four presidents have been elected in the United States over the past 228 years. Not once have voters had the option to choose a female candidate in a major party. Until this cycle.

To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want—even president. Tonight is for you. -H pic.twitter.com/jq7fKlfwGV

""It may be hard to see tonight, but we are all standing under a glass ceiling right now. But don’t worry, we’re not smashing this one. Thanks to you, we’ve reached a milestone,"" Clinton said. ""It’s the first time in our nation’s history that a woman will be a major party’s nominee.""

She noted that her mother was born on the day that Congress passed the 19th Amendment, giving women the right to vote. She remarked that the first convention dedicated to women’s rights happened in the state where she stood that evening: New York, at Seneca Falls in 1848 -- “when a small but determined group of women and men came together with the idea that women deserved equal rights.""

“We all owe so much to those who came before, and tonight belongs to all of you,"" Clinton said.

Gender wasn't an undertone; it was the backbone of the evening, and it gave the strongest indication to date that Clinton won't be shying away from the topic as she pivots to the general election.

The question is, how will it work?

In an interview last week, Clinton's top adviser, Joel Benenson, argued that trepidation over having the first major female candidate on the ticket -- to the extent it exists -- was unwarranted.

""There were a whole lot of people who said, 'Oh there is no way the country is ready for an African-American president.' Not only was it ready for him. He is one of only six or seven presidents to be elected and re-elected with 50 percent of the vote or more and with two electoral colleges landslides,"" he said.

Other top strategists predicted on Tuesday that Clinton's gender, on the whole, would be a net plus -- invigorating voters in ways that they, and political observers, couldn't adequately anticipate. Anita Dunn, a longtime Democratic operative, recalled the cover of the Chicago Tribune the night that Barack Obama clinched the nomination eight years ago: “Obama Makes History."" Anticipating the history you're about to make doesn't prepare you for the moment you actually make it, she noted.

""There is a difference between thinking hypothetically about the first woman President and Hillary Clinton actually becoming the first female nominee of a major party, and I think for many women they will find themselves unexpectedly emotional about this,"" Dunn said via email. ""There is also the reality that Donald Trump was sent by central casting to be the male foil in this not-buddy movie!""

Clinton, as Dunn sees it, couldn't ask for a better opponent than the one she's getting: a braggadocios businessman with a lengthy history of misogynistic comments. And it helps that Donald Trump has had an objectively abysmal start to his general election, rattled and criticized over a series of racist remarks he's made about an American judge of Mexican heritage who is overseeing a case involving his for-profit university.

Indeed, Trump's stumbles have been profound enough to spark a reassessment of strategy among Democrats. As the general election gets underway, some now see deftness in Clinton getting out of her opponent's way. ""If the past couple of weeks are any indication, Donald Trump is his own worst nightmare, and they should not get in the way of him screwing himself up. Let Trump do Trump,"" said Mo Elleithee, the Democratic National Committee’s former communications director who served as a senior spokesman for Clinton during her 2008 campaign.

Elleithee wasn't calling for Clinton to ignore her opponent entirely, just to make the affirmative case against his candidacy and let the other wounds be self-inflicted. Other top Democrats said they'd continue to prod Trump in order to disqualify him further with voters. ""Trump has proven himself very thin-skinned, so poking him and focusing on his intemperance and intolerance can draw new eruptions and produce unexpected rewards,"" said David Axelrod, Obama's longtime advisor.

On Tuesday night, Clinton seemed to side with Axelrod's theory of the case, pivoting quickly to her opponent and echoing the themes of her withering speech last week, when she painted Trump as equal parts unstable and unqualified.

""Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president and commander in chief. And he is not just trying to build a wall between America and Mexico, he is trying to wall off Americans from each other,"" she said at one point. ""When he says, ‘Let’s make America great again,' that is code for, ‘Let’s take America backwards.’”",1
3218,The full Ackbar: Right warns Obama war plan is a trap,"Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up .

 Buzz Cut:

 • The Full Ackbar: Right warns Obama war plan is a trap

 • More votes set on amnesty plan

 • GOP confidence grows while Dems get jitters

 • Biden: ‘Run on what we have done’

 • When you care enough to steal $10,000 worth of underpants

THE FULL ACKBAR: RIGHT WARNS OBAMA WAR PLAN IS A TRAP

 In a blistering column, influential conservative columnist Matthew Continetti calls President Obama’s request for congressional authorization for the ongoing war in Iraq and Syria a “trap” and says he would “happily” vote it down. “If the threat of ISIS is as dire as the president says it is in the preamble of his resolution,” Continetti writes, “then not only does the president already have the authority to strike granted to him by Article II of the Constitution and the 2001 and 2002 war resolutions, he also should not cavil or hesitate in unleashing every means at his disposal to confront and defeat the enemy.” Continetti goes on to say, “I also cannot help thinking that the presidential request is little more than a trap, a bone thrown in the direction of the cloakroom to distract from the collapse of America’s position in the Middle East and the approaching deadline for nuclear talks with Iran. How better to provoke infighting among both Republicans and Democrats, to switch the debate from sanctions against Iran to ‘Rand Paul versus Marco Rubio for the soul of the GOP,’ than to start a debate over presidential war powers as the war is going on.”

ISIS grabs ground - Fox News: “Islamic State fighters reportedly seized most of a western Iraqi town on Thursday, in fighting taking place mere miles from an air base where hundreds of U.S. Marines are training Iraqis. Reuters, quoting local officials, reported Thursday that ISIS militants had overrun much of the town of al-Baghdadi. One local Iraqi official told Reuters that, ""Ninety percent of al-Baghdadi district has fallen under the control of the insurgents.""

Not even a little ‘hasty’? - “Well first it wasn't hasty. Just because I didn't know what the plans were, didn't mean the plans weren't in place for weeks. We have been planning for weeks a range of contingency options…We always have a range of options we can take when we're talking about a high threat post."".”– State Department Spokesperson Jen Psaki on “The Kelly File” discussing the weapons and equipment abandoned in Yemen by U.S. forces.  Watch here.

A question of selfie control - Buzzfeed released a video Thursday showing the commander in chief using a selfie stick and smiling at himself in the mirror to help promote ObamaCare. It delighted many in the media. The Washington Post called it, “cute” and “catchy,” while People Magazine gets in on the action suggesting, “judging by the president's expert selfie stick form, it seems like his meeting with Kim Kardashian last year really paid off.” Not mentioned in the stories: the video was reportedly shot on the same day the world learned ISIS hostage Kayla Mueller was dead.

“Evil is real. There is no light grey. Murdering innocent people to move a political point of view has been, is and always will be evil.” – Former President George W. Bush in a lecture at University of Mary Hardin-Baylor on Wednesday.

ELIE WIESEL WILL ATTEND NETANYAHU SPEECH

 “[W]riter, political activist and Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel, will attend Prime Minister [Benjamin Netanyahu’s] congressional speech regarding Iran on March 3,” reports the Observer. “A full-page advertisement declaring Mr. Wiesel’s intention to attend the controversial speech will appear in The New York Times on February 14th to be followed by The Washington Post.”

[WSJ: “Senate Republicans on Thursday moved to officially welcome Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the U.S. ahead of his planned speech to Congress next month, the latest development in a saga that has roiled politics in both countries.”]

MORE VOTES TO COME ON AMNESTY PLAN

 The Hill: “The Senate is going to vote again on a procedural motion to consider a bill reversing President Obama’s executive actions on immigration and fund the Department of Homeland Security. Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell [R-Ky.] filed a motion to hold additional votes to end a Democratic filibuster of the bill, setting up as many as three more attempts. The votes are expected to take place the last week of February, as Congress will be out of town next week for a recess…Funding will lapse after Feb. 27.”

Cost, logistics of Obama immigration plan raise concerns - Fox News: “Though forecasting turn-out of applicants is largely a guessing game, DHS predicts as many as 1.3 million people may apply in the first six months alone…There's also the cost of the plan, officially known as Deferred Action for Parents of Americans, estimated at $324 million to $484 million over the next few years, according to DHS documents obtained by the Los Angeles Times.”

Power Play: Fight over funding - Democratic strategist Penny Lee and former Republican Senate staffer John Hart join Power Play host Chris Stirewalt to discuss the $40 billion Homeland Security bill that would stop the president’s executive action on immigration. Are Republicans picking the right bill for a fight? And can Congress come to an agreement? Watch here.

DeMint seeks peace with old rival McConnell - Politico: “Jim DeMint paid a personal visit Thursday to an old rival: Mitch McConnell. DeMint, a former South Carolina senator and now president of The Heritage Foundation, met one-on-one with McConnell in the GOP leader’s Capitol suite as DeMint pitched Heritage’s ‘opportunity’ agenda. Things appeared to go over more smoothly with McConnell than they did last month with the House, where DeMint was confronted over his sister organization’s strict ratings of lawmakers’ conservatism…”

WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE...

 Relatively little is known about the history of the peoples of the British Isles prior to the arrival of Roman legions in the 1st Century, A.D. But one durable belief is that the more placid peoples of the south who would live under Roman rule were a breed apart from the wild, savage tribes to the north, known to the Romans as Picts. But a new book from Benjamin Hudson, a professor of history and medieval studies at Penn State, is turning that discussion around. While Roman history focuses on the Picts as uncivilized enemies as the Romans began to try to expand the empire’s boundaries into northern England, Hudson’s book argues that “they weren't different, they were merely Britons that the Romans didn't conquer.” While Hudson’s research shows a glimpse of life and culture without the Roman influence, it also makes the case that the bias of Roman historians created a false delineation between residents of the south and residents of the north prior to their arrival.

Got a TIP from the RIGHT or LEFT? Email FoxNewsFirst@FOXNEWS.COM

GOP CONFIDENCE GROWS WHILE DEMS GET JITTERS

 Fox News polling guru Dana Blanton writes: “…by a 10-point margin, more Republicans are looking forward to the 2016 campaign than dreading it. That’s the opposite of how they felt about the start of the 2012 campaign in 2011. At that time, they were more likely to say they were dreading the race by 10 points. The poll finds the same reversal of sentiment among Democrats. They were looking forward to the 2012 campaign by 8 points, while now they say they are dreading the start of the 2016 campaign by 5 points. Republicans might be looking forward to 2016 because they are more confident about their party’s chances. Fully 78 percent of Republicans think the GOP candidate is going to win the next presidential election, while just 63 percent of Democrats feel that way about their party’s candidate. The results are almost the same when the hypothetical race is between a generic Republican and Democrat Hillary Clinton: 76 percent of Republicans say their candidate will win, while 67 percent of Democrats think Clinton will prevail.”

Walker and Carson at the head of the class - In the latest Fox News poll, voters got to rank the 2016 contenders with letter grades. Among Republican voters, Gov. Scott Walker, R-Wis., gets the highest marks of the bunch with a B, followed by Dr. Ben Carson and Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., who both earned B-, all remaining contenders earn C+ or below. Among all voters, Dr. Ben Carson, Gov. Scott Walker, R-Wis., and Hillary Clinton all earn C+, which is still better than President Obama who earns a C.]

“Listen I’m a big Scott Walker supporter, and he hasn’t announced anything, but you know I’ll be supporting Scott Walker.” -- Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., to CQ Roll Call

Rand looks to move up Kentucky presidential pick - Lexington Herald-Leader: “Requesting help to avoid a ‘costly and time-consuming legal challenge,’ U.S. Sen. Rand Paul is asking members of the Republican Party of Kentucky to create a presidential caucus in 2016 that would happen well ahead of the May primary election. In a letter dated Feb. 9, Paul told GOP leaders that an earlier presidential preference vote would give Kentuckians ‘more leverage to be relevant’ in the wide-open competition for the Republican presidential nomination…The letter went out to hundreds of Kentucky Republicans ahead of the party's 54-member executive committee meeting March 7 in Bowling Green, where Paul will pitch the caucus idea to members for a vote…‘If I choose to also seek the presidency, I will do so to serve the people of Kentucky and the ideas that I ran on and have worked for,’ he wrote. ‘I believe I can keep helping the people of Kentucky as senator, but I think there is no doubt I could help them even more as president.’”

[Paul will be spending the weekend in Florida giving speeches at the Orange County Lincoln Day Dinner today and the Republican Party of Sarasota rally Saturday.]

Club for Growth to host Florida cattle call - WaPo: “Six potential 2016 candidates have accepted invitations to speak at the private gathering Feb. 26-28 at the Breakers Hotel in Palm Beach, according to a knowledgeable official who shared the information with The Washington Post on the condition of anonymity. They are Former Florida governor Jeb Bush; Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida; Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker; Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas; Indiana Gov. Mike Pence; and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal.”

Rubio nabs Perry’s top money man - US News: “When former Texas Gov. Rick Perry released a list of 80 donors last week who would serve on the advisory board of his political action committee, there was one glaring omission: The Republican moneyman who helped steer his finance effort in his last run for president. George Seay, the Dallas-based investor and well-connected grandson of former Texas Gov. William Clements, felt he had a duty to support Perry’s late entry into the 2012 White House campaign and without hesitation signed on as his Texas finance chairman. Not this round. Seay has already pledged to help Florida Sen. Marco Rubio if the freshman GOP lawmaker decides to turn the ignition on a 2016 presidential bid, a prospect that looks increasingly likely.”

[Rubio kicks off his national book tour today with an appearance in West Des Moines Iowa. Other stops include South Carolina, Nevada and New Hampshire.]

Perry wraps up New Hampshire trip - Dallas Morning News: “Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry said Thursday that voters have had enough of a ‘young, attractive’ and inexperienced president and will be looking for a proven leader in 2016. Perry, who is considering a second run for president, wrapped up a two-day trip to New Hampshire with a speech at the Strafford County Republican Committee’s Lincoln Day Dinner.

Kasich calling out GOP’s old guard - Cleveland Plain Dealer : “Gov. John Kasich's presidential deliberations are accelerating, as evidenced not only by an upcoming trip to South Carolina announced this week but also by the prominent Republican advisers entering his political orbit. Ed Gillespie, a former Republican National Committee chairman, met recently with Team Kasich, according to GOP sources in Columbus plugged into Kasich's network. One Republican said a separate dinner meeting included former U.S. Sen. John E. Sununu of New Hampshire, the first primary state. Richard Allen, a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution who served as national security adviser under President Ronald Reagan, also attended the dinner….”

[Gillespie remaining neutral - In a Facebook post, former RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie offered a clarification: “Just saw a news report about John Kasich seeking my thoughts on the presidency. I was happy to share some with him (we've known one another more than two decades!), as i've done with others, but I'm going to remain neutral in the nominating process. The article didn't really make that clear.”]

[Watch Fox: Rick Santorum sits down for the latest 2016 contender interview on “Special Report with Bret Baier” tonight at 6 p.m. ET.]

Shalom, y’all - Former Gov. Mike Huckabee departs this weekend for a trip to Israel.

Carson grabs leader of Gingrich’s winning S.C. team - Dr. Ben Carson has named Ruth Sherlock, a former Newt Gingrich operative, as his South Carolina state director.

POWER PLAY: TROUBLE AT CAMP HILLARY

 Keeping tabs on Team Hillary, news of a disagreement within the campaign provide fodder for strategists. Democratic strategist Penny Lee and former Republican Senate staffer John Hart join Power Play host Chris Stirewalt to discuss the struggle among Clinton’s courtiers. WATCH HERE.

[In the latest Fox News poll, among Democratic voters Hillary gets a B+ and Joe Biden and Elizabeth Warren tie at B-.]

BIDEN: ‘RUN ON WHAT WE HAVE DONE’

 The Hill: “The 2016 Democratic presidential nominee should embrace the notion of a third term of the Obama presidency, Vice President [Joe Biden] said Thursday, during a speech at Drake University in Iowa. ‘I call it sticking with what works,’ Biden declared. The address was billed as a chance for Biden to explain some of the ideas introduced in President Obama's recent State of the Union address, but the vice president repeatedly returned to a discussion of how he saw the contours of the presidential race…The vice president said the election would be ‘all about’ either continuing the Obama economic policies or shifting to Republicans' ‘top-down’ vision. ‘Run on what we have done. Own what we have done. Stand for what we have done. Acknowledge what we have done,’ Biden said.”

[Would you like to watch the video again of when Biden used the archaic term for an inseparable friend, “butt buddy,” to refer to a former congressman? Of course you would.]

Come out come out, wherever you are - Des Moines Register: “National GOP operatives [posted] a mobile billboard at the vice president's events Thursday that tries to push the idea that Hillary Clinton's absence from the 2016 presidential campaign trail means she's ‘hiding from voters.’ ‘As her poll numbers show, when Hillary is campaigning, she's much less popular. What's the only way not to seem like she's campaigning? Go into hiding,’ Republican National Committee communications director Sean Spicer wrote in a news release Tuesday.”

[#HillaryCandyHearts - The inveterate Hillary hazers of America Rising is getting into the holiday spirit with not-so-sweet virtual conversation hearts about Hillary on Twitter.]

‘90s Nostalgia - In a NYT op-ed with former Republican Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, Clinton calls for the Children’s Health Insurance Program to be extended.

#MEDIABUZZ: MEDIA MAYHAM

 This week Howard Kurtz welcomes former CNN anchor Piers Morgan and former ABC News President David Westin to discuss Jon Stewart stepping down, Brian Williams being suspended, the death of Bob Simon, and President Obama saying the media overhype the threat of terrorism. Watch “#mediabuzz” Sunday at 11 a.m. ET, with a second airing at 5 p.m.

 

 WHEN YOU CARE ENOUGH TO STEAL $10,000 WORTH OF UNDERPANTS

 Atlanta Journal-Constitution: “Atlanta police are searching for a shoplifter who appears to have Valentine’s Day sales in mind. A woman pilfered 785 pairs of panties at the Victoria’s Secret at Lenox Square Mall on Saturday, Officer Ralph Woolfolk said Thursday. The suspected thief put the panties in three shopping bags in a raid on the store lasting two hours and absconded, Woolfolk said. Retail for the panties was estimated at more than $10,000.”

AND NOW, A WORD FROM CHARLES…

 “The government doesn't make money, it takes it, and it takes it from enterprises that are successful. [President Obama] simply will not recognize, although I'm sure he's been told since he's never been in the private sector, that when you write a law with specific details, people are going to work within those details to try to minimize expenses. It's rather elementary, but he still doesn't get it.” —Charles Krauthammer on “Special Report with Bret Baier” Watch here.

Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News.  Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
3673,Attacks on abortion providers have increased since the Planned Parenthood videos,"A white male gunman killed three people, including one police officer, and injured nine others Friday at a Planned Parenthood in Colorado Springs. The gunman has been identified as Robert Lewis Dear. It's still not clear what the shooter's motive was, but it's clear that he started his shooting spree at Planned Parenthood and stayed there.

It's also clear that threats, vandalism, and violence against abortion providers and clinics have escalated since this summer, when anti-abortion activists released deceptively edited videos that accused Planned Parenthood of ""selling baby parts.""

Back in September, CBS reported that the FBI had noticed an uptick in attacks on reproductive health care facilities since the first video was released by the anti-abortion group Center for Medical Progress (CMP). There were nine criminal or suspicious incidents (including cyber attacks, threats, and arsons) from July, when the videos first came out, through mid-September.

An FBI Intelligence Assessment at the time found these attacks were ""consistent with the actions of lone offenders using tactics of arsons and threats all of which are typical of the pro-life extremist movement."" Moreover, the report said it was ""likely criminal or suspicious incidents will continue to be directed against reproductive health care providers, their staff and facilities.""

Less than two weeks after CBS reported that, another abortion clinic was firebombed in California. It was the fourth arson at a Planned Parenthood location in as many months.

""The toxic rhetoric directed at Planned Parenthood has dangerous consequences,"" said Sen. Dianne Feinstein in a press release at the time. ""It sends a signal that using violence to close clinics and intimidate healthcare professionals and women is 'OK.' It is not.""

Since 1977, according to NAF, there have been eight murders, 17 attempted murders, 42 bombings, and 186 arsons against abortion clinics and providers.

Abortion providers have seen ""an unprecedented increase in hate speech and threats"" since the CMP videos came out, Vicki Saporta, president and CEO of the National Abortion Federation, said in a statement Friday. Incidents of harassment at Planned Parenthood facilities increased ninefold in July, when the videos came out, over June, according to a motion for preliminary injunction that NAF filed this month against CMP and its founder David Daleiden.

""We have been quite worried that this increase in threats would lead to a violent attack like we saw today,"" Saporta said.

In an October feature at Broadly, Callie Beusman interviewed Saporta and representatives from other reproductive health groups. They all blamed the videos for an increase in violent rhetoric and action.

Sasha Bruce, senior vice president of campaigns and strategy at NARAL, told Beusman that while hateful and intimidating rhetoric against abortion providers is nothing new, the ""intensity and the level"" is notable of late. ""It is not common that you hear about three arsons in a row; it is not common that you hear about this level of vandalism,"" Bruce said.

Notably, the Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood health center where the shooting happened is operated by Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains — one of the targets of CMP's videos. One of the doctors featured in those videos was harassed by anti-abortion activists at her home, according to NAF's motion against CMP:

Major pro-life groups have condemned the shooting, including National Right to Life Committee, Americans United for Life, Operation Rescue, and Christian Defense Coalition. David Daleiden of CMP, the architect of the anti-Planned Parenthood videos, also condemned the shootings.

To some pro-choice advocates, it's ironic to hear these condemnations from Daleiden and from Operation Rescue in particular. Operation Rescue's senior vice president, Cheryl Sullenger, was once jailed for conspiring to bomb an abortion clinic. The group has a history of extremist rhetoric against abortion providers; for years the group protested Dr. George Tiller, who was shot and killed in 2009, and called him ""Tiller the Killer."" The man who murdered Tiller, Scott Roeder, was active on Operation Rescue message boards. And Operation Rescue president Troy Newman, who was recently detained and denied entry into Australia for his extremist writings, is on the board of Daleiden's Center for Medical Progress.

Shootings at abortion clinics are rare, but attacks on clinics like vandalism and arson are common. Incidents of harassment that don't rise to the level of criminal activity are so common as to be routine, according to volunteers who escort women's health patients past anti-abortion clinic protesters. And, they argue, these minor incidents can escalate — after all, Scott Roeder vandalized an abortion clinic shortly before he killed George Tiller.

""Although anti-abortion groups may condemn this type of violence when it happens, the way that they target and demonize providers contributes to a culture where some feel it is justifiable to murder doctors simply because they provide women with the abortion care they need,"" said Saporta of NAF in her Friday statement.

Vicki Cowart, president of Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains, cautioned on Friday that we still don't know the motive for the shooting. But she also said that PPRM shares ""the concerns of many Americans that extremists are creating a poisonous environment that feeds domestic terrorism in this country.""",1
2932,Battle against Islamic State expands as Egypt bombs Libyan affiliate,"Egypt's airstrikes came in response to the mass beheadings of 21 Egyptian Christians by IS militants in Libya. The Libyan government has called for the US-led coalition in Syria and Iraq to turn its attentions to Libya.

Did Pluto's icy heart sink into that depression all by itself?

A man is comforted by others as he mourns over Egyptian Coptic Christians who were captured in Libya and killed by militants affiliated with the Islamic State group, in the village of el-Aour, near Minya, 220 kilometers (135 miles) south of Cairo, Egypt, Monday, Feb. 16, 2015. Egyptian warplanes struck Islamic State targets in Libya on Monday in swift retribution for the extremists' beheading of a group of Egyptian Christian hostages on a beach, shown in a grisly online video released hours earlier.

Egypt claims to have launched airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Libya, in retaliation for the gruesome execution of 21 Egyptian Christians shown in a video released Sunday. The mass murder threatens to open a new front in the greater battle against the self-declared Islamic State, potentially drawing Western powers once more into military intervention in Libya.

Egyptian state television declared that government warplanes struck targets in the eastern Libyan city of Darna, a militant stronghold on the coast about 150 miles from the Egyptian border. The BBC reports that the strikes, made in coordination with the military of the recognized Libyan government based in Tobruk, targeted ""camps, training sites and weapons storage areas"" of the IS affiliate in Libya. According to a Libyan air-force commander, 40 to 50 militants were killed in the strike, Reuters reports.

The Associated Press reports that a second airstrike is underway.

The strikes were made in response to an IS video released Sunday showing the execution of 21 Egyptians, all Coptic Christians, at the hands of masked IS supporters. The Christian Science Monitor's Dan Murphy writes that the video, shot in IS signature style, shows that the group's Libyan branch has ""the numbers, the wherewithal, and the operational security to hold 21 captives for weeks and then carry out a highly-produced murder show in a beach without fear of intervention from Egypt or anyone else.""

But Mr. Murphy also notes that Egypt's ability to respond is limited.

[Egypt's] military is mostly trained for domestic control and running the expansive business empires of its senior officers. What Egypt will actually be able to do about the group in Libya - rather than its hundreds of followers in the Egyptian Sinai peninsula - remains to be seen. However, the days of ignoring IS in Libya will be over. Unlike in Iraq, where there's a central government to work with, or in Syria, where there's both a strong national army and outside support for Bashar al-Assad's side of the fight against Syria, Libya barely has any functioning institutions anymore. The country could prove richer pickings for the group long term - than its two current struggles to the east.

Already the recognized Libyan government in Tobruk has called for the US-led coalition attacking IS forces in Syria and Iraq to turn its attentions to Libya. Libyan Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni, speaking to Reuters, asked for Western military intervention against IS and Al Qaeda members he says are present in his country.

Reuters notes that the Islamist rival government in Tripoli, a group called Libyan Dawn, says it has no affiliation with either IS or Al Qaeda. The New York Times adds that at least three groups among the multitude fighting in Libya's civil war have declared loyalty to IS, ""one in each of the country’s component regions: Barqa in the east, Fezzan in the desert south, and Tripolitania in the west, around the capital.""

In a commentary published in the Daily Telegraph, Shashank Joshi warns that ""it’s important to separate [the IS] role in Libya from the broader civil war there. Not every Libyan opposition faction is jihadist, and acting as if it were, by taking firm sides, is a recipe for disaster.""",1
1831,Fiorina rejects idea of 'affirmative action' in CNN debate change,"On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
4408,Israel votes: Netanyahu's last-ditch vow to his base – a dead peace process (+video),"Politicians make many campaign promises they don't intend to deliver on. But Netanyahu's promise Monday to never agree to a Palestinian state fits his record.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu talks as he visits a construction site in Har Homa, east Jerusalem, Monday March 16, 2015, a day ahead of legislative elections. Netanyahu is seeking his fourth term as prime minister.

With Israel's final pre-election polls pointing to a difficult road for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to stay in power, he spent his final days on the campaign trail throwing red meat to his base.

Pro-Likud robocalls warned Israeli voters that only Mr. Netanyahu has the strength to stand up to ""Hussein Obama."" Campaign ads compared Israeli dock workers and regulators to Hamas militants and called his opponents tools of shadowy foreign financiers (a strange charge given his own close ties to US casino billionaire Sheldon Adelson).

But on Monday the prime minister delivered his show stopper: Vote for me and I'll kill what's left of the peace process stone dead.

Though not his precise words, that was their meaning. And this is one campaign promise that voters could probably take to the bank. If that promise helps tip the electoral balance in his favor, it would mean the road to a Palestinian state that was at the heart of the Oslo Accords signed over 20 years ago has come to a dead end.

""I think that anyone who moves to establish a Palestinian state and evacuate territory, gives territory away to radical Islamic attacks against Israel,"" he told NRG, a pro-settler news website owned by Mr. Adelson.

He warned in the interview that if the more dovish Zionist Union headed by Isaac Herzog won, the new government would ""do the bidding"" of the international community. That was code for freezing settlement construction in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem and focusing on a Palestinian peace deal drawn on the borders that prevailed before 1967's Arab-Israeli war – all leading to the creation of a ""Hamastan"" in Jerusalem.

Without a Palestinian state and Israel's evacuation of at least some of the settlements it has built on land captured in 1967, what's left of the so-called peace process becomes a farce. There simply isn't that much more to talk about.

To be sure, it's a somewhat academic question at this point. There has been no process to speak of for years, US Secretary of State John Kerry's protestations to the contrary notwithstanding. When it was announced that former British Prime Minister Tony Blair was stepping down from his role as the so-called Quartet's special envoy on Middle East peace – after 8 years on the job – it was the first he'd been heard from on the issue in quite some time.

While spending most of his tenure talking about ""transformational change"" for Palestinians through investment promotion, Mr. Blair was also tending to his growing consulting empire, whose clients include companies like JPMorgan Chase and governments like Kazakhstan and Abu Dhabi. Middle East peace, particularly the creation of the Palestinian state that the ""Quartet"" – the UN, EU, US and Russia – says is key, steadily receded from view.

But at least lip service was paid to that ultimate goal by all concerned – including Netanyahu. In 2009, in a speech following President Barack Obama's Cairo address, in which the then-new US leader spoke of a new chapter for the Palestinians, Netanyahu said as long as there were strong US security guarantees for Israel and a recognition of the Jewish state by the Palestinian Authority that ""we will be ready ... to reach a solution where a demilitarized Palestinian state exists alongside a Jewish state.""

Almost six years on, he has repudiated that position.

It was no mistake that one of his last campaign stops Monday was in Har Homa, a Jewish settlement of 20,000 people wedged between Jerusalem and the ancient Palestinian town of Bethlehem. Netanyahu approved construction work on Har Homa during his first term as prime minister, in 1997. On Monday he confirmed what has long been suspected – that settlements like Har Homa were established to make any Palestinian claims on parts of Jerusalem impossible.

""We will preserve Jerusalem's unity in all its parts,"" he told voters. ""We will continue to build and fortify Jerusalem so that its division won't be possible and it will stay united forever.""

The Palestinian Authority of Mahmoud Abbas views East Jerusalem as its future capital, and that portion of the city is considered occupied by Israel under international law.

Since the late 1990s a network of concrete walls, checkpoints, Israeli-only roads, and settlements in the West Bank has hemmed in and divided Palestinian population centers, effectively chopping into pieces the territory that was meant to be the heartland of a Palestinian state. Integrating them into something resembling a working economic and political whole would require settlement concessions. And Netanyahu has now promised he will never make those concessions.

Turnout in voting Tuesday has been brisk. Haaretz reports that about 14 percent of eligible Israelis had voted by 10 AM local time, a clip 20 percent faster than in the country's two previous elections. The final polls projected Likud slipping. Israel's Channel 2 had Likud down to 20 seats in its final poll on Friday, with the Zionist Union projected at 24.

Yet even if Herzog's party wins more seats, Netanyahu will still have a path to power. Smaller right-wing and religious parties could pull enough seats to form a governing coalition – with Netanyahu once again at the head of the table.

A likely partner for Netanyahu is Naftali Bennett, head of the pro-settlement Jewish Home party. Indeed, Netanyahu said his first call – after the election results are in – would be to Mr. Bennett. His party favors formal annexation of the major settlement blocks in the West Bank's ""Area C"" and has compared the creation of a Palestinian state to ""suicide"" for Israel. Area C covers about 60 percent of the West Bank, and intersperses the Palestinian towns and cities.",1
3927,"Clinton, Dems embrace Arquette's equal pay comment","The movie star created a stir during her Best Supporting Actress Academy Award acceptance speech at Sunday night's Oscars, when she said: ""To every woman who gave birth to every taxpayer and citizen of this nation, we have fought for everybody else's equal rights. It's our time to have wage equality once and for all, and equal rights for women in the United States of America.""

The comment was a hit in the moment, with Meryl Streep and Jennifer Lopez effusing their support.

Now, likely 2016 presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, Labor Secretary Tom Perez and other Democrats are using those comments as a way to raise an issue that's been central to their party's economic message in recent years.

""I think we all cheered at Patricia Arquette's speech at the Oscars -- because she's right,"" Clinton told an audience of women working in Silicon Valley's technology industry in California on Tuesday.

Other Democrats praised Arquette's comments, too. Among them were House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California, Perez, the Labor secretary, and Valerie Jarrett, one of President Barack Obama's top White House aides. Amen! ""It's our time to have wage equality once and for all in the United States of America."" - Patricia Arquette #Oscars #WomenSucceed — Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) February 23, 2015 I agree w/ what @PattyArquette said at the #Oscars: All people should get #EqualPay for equal work. When women succeed, America succeeds! — Tom Perez (@LaborSec) February 23, 2015 Congrats @PattyArquette! Thx for using your speech to advocate for #EqualPay and for understanding that when women succeed, America succeeds — Valerie Jarrett (@vj44) February 23, 2015 Democrats have pushed a bill intended to close the pay gap between men and women by offering new legal protections to women who complain that they're being underpaid relative to their male peers, and by having the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission collect gender and racial pay data. The bill failed to clear the 60-vote procedural threshold in the Senate last year -- and it's all but certain not to advance now that Republicans control both the House and the Senate, leaving Democrats to raise the issue on the presidential campaign trail instead. Republicans argue there are already enough protections on the books to ensure women have the right to equal wages. Clinton's comments come as The New York Times reports she plans to make her gender -- and potential to break the ""glass ceiling"" and become America's first female president -- a central theme in her widely expected 2016 campaign. During her speech Tuesday, Clinton recalled being pregnant while working in an Arkansas law firm that had no maternity leave policy. She also called the tech industry the ""wild west,"" and said it needs to be more welcoming to women. ""As women, let's do more to help all women lead on and succeed,"" she said. ""You don't have to run for office,"" Clinton said. ""Although if you do, more power to you.""",1
4625,White House Defends FBI Director Comey’s Integrity,"White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said he would “neither defend nor criticize” Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey’s decision to announce the new developments in the Hillary Clinton email saga, a neutral stance that contrasts with the criticism coming from the Clinton campaign and other Democrats. Mr. Comey had revealed Friday that the […]",1
4650,TRUMP CALLED IT MONTHS AGO: Anthony Weiner threatens national security,"The FBI announced Friday it had uncovered news emails related to its investigation of former secretary of state Hillary Clinton‘s handling of classified information while conducting a separate investigation into the pervy sexting habits of former Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner. Weiner of course is the estranged husband of Hillary’s closest aide, Huma Abedin who herself figures prominently in Clinton’s email scandals.

The FBI announced Friday it had uncovered news emails related to its investigation of former secretary of state Hillary Clinton‘s handling of classified information while conducting a separate investigation into the pervy sexting habits of former Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner. Weiner of course is the estranged husband of Hillary’s closest aide, Huma Abedin who herself figures prominently in Clinton’s email scandals.

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saw this coming from a mile away, fingering Weiner as a potential national security threat all the way back in August of 2015. “It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails,” Trump wrote on Twitter. “Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.”

Abedin recently announced the couple’s separation after Weiner became embroiled in a new series of embarrassing online sexting scandals, including one allegedly involving an underage girl that prompted the FBI to investigate.

One month earlier, Trump said he didn’t like the thought of “Huma going home at night and telling Anthony Weiner all of these secrets.”

Trump was sounding the alarm about Weiner as early September 2013, when he wrote that Huma should “dump the sicko Weiner” because he was “a calamity who is bringing her down with him.”

Click to read more from Heat Street.",1
4565,US military commander: Russian military ‘far more capable’ than Soviet Union’s,"A top U.S. military commander warned that Russia’s modern military is now “far more capable” than that of the Soviet Union, saying Moscow is “messaging” the United States that “they’re a global power.”

The warning over Russia’s military might from Adm. William Gortney, head of U.S. Northern Command, is the second in as many months.

Gortney disclosed to Congress in March that Russian heavy bombers flew more ""out-of-area patrols"" last year than in any year ""since the Cold War."" On Tuesday, he affirmed that Russia’s “long-range” flights are rising – and occurring in places they haven’t before, like near Canada, Alaska and the English Channel.

He also confirmed there are two Russian Navy ships off the shores of the United States, reportedly near Cuba and Venezuela.

The comments are the latest sign of military and other tensions rising between the U.S. and Russia, which is accused of stoking the fighting in eastern Ukraine despite international sanctions and condemnation.

Gortney described Russia’s intervention in Ukraine as part of a “new doctrine,” which they’re employing.

“The Russians have developed a far more capable military than the quantitative, very large military that the Soviet Union had,” he said.

In sheer numbers, the Soviet Union’s military was still much bigger than Russia’s today. According to statistics published in The Washington Post, the Soviet Union in the mid-1980s had more than 5 million in its armed forces, and even more in its reserves. Today, its armed forces number fewer than 1 million, with its reserves at 2 million – roughly comparable to the total forces of the U.S., but smaller than the total NATO force.

“We watch very carefully what they're doing,” Gortney said, while noting that Russian aircraft are “adhering to international standards that are required by all airplanes that are out there.”

CNN also reported Tuesday that Russian hackers were able to breach a White House computer system after a successful cyber-attack on the State Department. The White House has not publicly confirmed this.

Meanwhile, Gortney revealed Tuesday that China has three ballistic missile submarines capable of hitting the U.S.

On the bright side, he said: “China does have a no-first-use policy, which gives me a little bit of a good news picture there.”",1
1901,Don't underestimate Bernie Sanders,"Jay Parini , a poet and novelist, teaches at Middlebury College in Vermont. His newest book is "" Empire of Self: A Life of Gore Vidal,"" which is forthcoming in October.

(CNN) Bernie Sanders, my Vermont senator and, indeed, a friend of many years, is now running for president . He noted at his announcement (with a familiar note of wise irony): ""People should not underestimate me.""

To most Americans, of course, Sen. Bernie Sanders is only a name, if that. He is barely known to the general public, which makes him a very long shot indeed to win election to the highest office in the nation.

Those who follow politics a little more closely will possibly think of him as some left-wing kook that only the most liberal state in the union would ever dream of electing to the Senate, as we did in 2006. Let me add this, as someone who has followed him closely (and with admiration) for a long time: When people stop to listen to Bernie, they realize that -- whether or not they agree with his ideas -- he is, without a question, an authentic voice who speaks without fear.

And nobody should underestimate him.

I remember when Bernie was mayor of Burlington; it is the largest city in Vermont (which isn't saying much). I met him then, and his voice struck me as something not quite heard before. He spoke with a throaty Brooklyn accent, and he was Jewish -- not your typical Vermonter.

He served as mayor of this progressive town on the shores of Lake Champlain with remarkable energy for many years, listening closely to what people had to say, learning about politics at the local level, making a real difference in the daily lives of hard-working people.

He was never a Democrat -- and isn't yet. He's a progressive, holding his seat in the U.S. Senate as an independent, although he votes with the Democrats on major issues.

When Bernie decided to run for Jim Jeffords' seat in the House of Representatives in 1988, many considered him a long shot. I remember hosting a fundraising event at my farmhouse, where Bernie held the floor for almost two hours, answering questions with a forthrightness that stunned those who had never encountered in person his fierce, funny, entertaining, passionate voice. Bernie won that seat, again and again.

Make no mistake about this: Vermont isn't just a rainbow-colored state full of ex-hippies and leftists in berets. It's an agricultural economy, and Bernie has understood this well. He has thoughtfully supported Vermont's dairy-farming community over many years. He has also been a strong supporter of Vermont's hunting culture -- much to the annoyance of many on the left, who wonder why the NRA doesn't attack him.

I was never prouder of Bernie than during the run-up to the invasion of Iraq. He was a singular and somewhat lonely voice in the House, strongly opposing the 2003 invasion. He saw vividly that this was the worst foreign policy move in American history, one with endless repercussions.

He was especially outraged by the outing of former CIA spy Valerie Plame in 2006 by an official from the Pentagon, and he suggested in several fiery speeches that is was time for a serious investigation of how we got into the Iraq War in the first place.

This was typical of Bernie: The clear voice in the midst of the crowd, the man who says no when somebody needs to say it loudly.

So what would it look like if, by some bizarre chance, Bernie caught fire and became President?

He would certainly work hard for universal health care, which has been a passion of his. I've heard him rail against the efforts of insurance and drug companies to undermine a system -- the single-payer system -- that has worked well throughout Europe for decades, reducing the costs of health care and actually improving it as well.

He would not be Wall Street's best friend. Indeed, he didn't support President George W. Bush in his efforts to bail out the bankers, and wrote an open letter to Henry Paulson, the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, protesting that bailout. Famously, on December 10, 2010, he gave an eight and a half hour speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate opposing the reinstatement of Bush-era tax cuts, a vivid piece of rhetoric worth looking at closely by anyone who wants to understand Bernie's views.

He is a socialist, of course. How many American politicians have ever said this aloud? And what does he really mean by that term?

Bernie knows what he's doing. By proclaiming himself a socialist, he is drawing attention to the fact that large corporations and banks, many with international bases, have controlled American public policy for a very long time, usually to the detriment of working people.

And it's working people who seem mostly to interest Bernie Sanders. He has been one of only a few voices in the Senate in the past decade who has consistently pointed out that extreme right-wing factions funded by ""millionaires and billionaires"" (one of Bernie's favorite mantras) have held sway over American politics for as long as anyone can recall.

And this sway has usually operated to the detriment of people who actually repair roads, serve meals, deliver the mail, drive trucks and teach in schools.

But does he actually have the slightest chance of winning the Democratic nomination? And if he won it, could he defeat a Republican candidate with billionaires at his or her disposal?

He's not crazy. In fact, he's probably the sanest person in the presidential sweepstakes. But he can't win, and he knows that. What he will do, however, is move Hillary Clinton on matters of importance to progressives: The restraining of Wall Street and large corporations, the scandal of how America allows its political campaigns to be funded and the welfare of working class Americans, who seems pathetically easy to persuade -- again and again -- to vote against their own economic interests.

A steep climb looms before him. But I applaud Bernie Sanders. I hope he soars and that his brave and commonsensical voice is heard.",1
3634,The Latest On Paris Attack: Manhunt Continues; Brothers Were On No-Fly List,"The Latest On Paris Attack: Manhunt Continues; Brothers Were On No-Fly List

French authorities are still on the hunt for two brothers suspected in an attack against the headquarters of a satirical magazine in Paris that left 12 people dead.

The two chief suspects, named as Said and Chérif Kouachi, 34 and 32, remain at large. Investigators believe Said Kouachi traveled to Yemen in 2011 to receive weapons training with Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, NPR's Dina Temple-Raston reports, citing U.S. officials who've been briefed on the case.

Both of the brothers have been on the U.S. no-fly list for years, U.S. officials tell NPR.

NPR's Eleanor Beardsley reports that the French capital is on its highest alert level, and 800 soldiers and riot police have been called on to guard the city. Schoolchildren, Eleanor said, are being kept inside for recess.

To add to the tension, there was a shooting on Paris' southern edge that killed a police officer and wounded a street sweeper. Bernard Cazeneuve, France's Interior Minister, said those shootings had not been linked to the attack on Charlie Hebdo.

Overnight, one of the three suspects, identified by French media as 18-year-old Mourad Hamyd, was reported to have turned himself in.

Cazeneuve said nine people had been detained in connection to the attack.

Local officials say mosques were targeted across the country late Wednesday and early today. There were no reports of injuries, and it's unclear if they are linked to the attack on Charlie Hebdo. But Cazeneuve said the country would not tolerate any attacks on places of worship.

This is a breaking news story. As often happens in situations like these, some information reported early may turn out to be inaccurate. We'll move quickly to correct the record and we'll only point to the best information we have at the time. Refresh this page for the latest.

Update at 5:55 p.m. ET. Suspects Were On U.S. No-Fly List

NPR has confirmed that both Cherif and Said Kouachi have been on the U.S. no-fly list for years. They're also in the central U.S. database of people who pose a known or potential terrorist threat, worldwide: the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment.

Update at 3:15 p.m. ET. Eiffel Tower Goes Dark

In honor of the victims of Wednesday's attack, the Eiffel Tower turned off its lights. The mayor of Paris, Anne Hidalgo, tweeted a series of images showing the famous landmark going dark.

Update at 1:03 p.m. ET. No Link:

Bernard Cazeneuve, France's Interior Minister, said authorities had not found a link between today's shootings and the attack on Charlie Hebdo.

— Police found Said Kouachi's ID in a car used by the men to get away. As soon as they learned that name, police launched a manhunt and searched the home of the Kouachi brothers.

— Nine people are presently in custody in connection with the attack.

— Two people who looked like suspects were seen in Villers-Cotterêts, where police launched an intense search near a gas station.

— Police have heard from more than 90 witnesses and are reviewing Internet use and surveillance to try to find the two men.

— Cazeneuve said Said Kouachi had never been accused or convicted of a crime like his brother but had surfaced at the ""periphery of some investigations.""

Update at 12:36 p.m. ET. Dusk In Paris:

The sun has now set in Paris, reporter Lauren Frayer tells our Newscast unit.

She's at the Place de la République, where she says for the second night in a row people are streaming in for an impromptu vigil.

Lauren reports that the city only came to a halt at noon today for a moment of silence. But even though there is man hunt ongoing, Parisians have gone about their business: shops and restaurants are open and the metro is running.

Asteris Masouras, a freelance journalist in Paris, has been tweeting from the scene — pictures of demonstrators carrying posters that read Je Suis Charlie and others leaving candles at the foot of the statue in the center of the square.

Masouras also tweeted a video that shows the crowd whispering La Marseillaise, France's national anthem.

France's Interior Ministry says that more than 88,000 personnel have deployed across France to help with security after the attacks.

In the Paris district alone, 9,650 personnel were deployed, including more than 1,000 military personnel.

Update at 10:16 a.m. ET. The Younger Suspect's Name:

There is some variance in the way the name of the third suspect in this case is being reported. For now, based on reporting by the AFP and other French outlets who have spoken to classmates, we will call the suspect Mourad Hamyd.

Earlier, we had named him as Hamyd Mourad.

Update at 9:44 a.m. ET. 'Stupidity Will Not Win':

Update at 7:19 a.m. ET. Not Linking Suspects To Terrorist Groups:

Counterterrorism officials have been careful not to link the two main suspects to terrorist groups, NPR's Dina Temple-Raston tells our Newscast Unit.

One of the men, Chérif Kouachi, was convicted on terrorism charges in 2008. He served 18 months for helping to funnel fighters from France to Iraq.

What's unclear, said Dina, is what happened to Kouachi after that. It's unclear whether he has ever traveled to Syria and it's unclear whether he has developed links to terrorist groups — including the Islamic State — since 2008.

Judging by the shot patterns left on a police cruiser yesterday, what is clear is that the two suspects were very comfortable using high-powered weapons. It's likely, Dina said, that they received some military training. The question is where.

Update at 6:44 a.m. ET. Roads Shut Down:

NPR's Eleanor Beardsley reports that police have shut down all roads in and out of Paris.",1
2356,Clinton calls for 'common-sense' gun control after Charleston terrorist attack,"Hillary Clinton also spoke forcefully about the 'deep fault line' of racism, noting that 'millions of people of color still experience racism in their everyday lives.'

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton is applauded by the president of the US Conference of Mayors, Sacramento. Mayor Kevin Johnson (l.) and the conference vice President, Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, Saturday June 20, 2015, at the U.S. Conference of Mayors 83rd Annual Meeting in San Francisco.

Hillary Rodham Clinton issued an emotional plea Saturday following the South Carolina church shooting, calling for ""common-sense"" gun control reforms and a national reckoning with the persistent problem of ""institutional racism.""

Three days after nine black church members were gunned down in Charleston, the Democratic presidential contender said the country must take steps to keep guns from criminals and the mentally ill.

Regulations, she said, can be passed while still respecting the Second Amendment and ""respecting responsible gun owners."" The US Constitution's Second Amendment guarantees the right to bear arms.

""The politics on this issue have been poisoned, but we can't give up,"" Ms. Clinton told the US Conference of Mayors meeting in San Francisco on Saturday. ""The stakes are too high. The costs are too dear.""

In 2013 Congress rejected legislation that would have expanded background checks on firearms sales and banned some semi-automatic weapons.

While public opinion is sharply divided on the issue of gun rights vs. gun control, the scientists who research it are not, as Christian Science Monitor's Alexander LaCasse reported in April:

Does owning a gun make your home more dangerous? Most professionals who research the effects of gun ownership say yes.  This is what David Hemenway, a professor at Harvard's School of Public Health saw when he began sending out monthly surveys almost a year ago to scientists engaged in research in public health, criminology, or other social sciences. A clear majority found that a gun in the home increases the risk of suicide, makes women more likely to be victims of homicide, and make homes more dangerous. In an op-ed in the Los Angeles Times, titled, "" There's scientific consensus on guns – and the NRA won't like it,"" Hemenway writes:  ""Scientific consensus isn't always right, but it's our best guide to understanding the world. Can reporters please stop pretending that scientists, like politicians, are evenly divided on guns? We're not."" [Among the general public, support] for gun ownership was  most pronounced among whites who believed that crime rates in the United States are on the rise. This belief runs counter to crime statistics, which in particular have found that the  gun homicide rate has plunged by 49 percent since its peak in 1993.

President Barack Obama has blamed the continued national political inaction on the issue on the influence of the National Rifle Association, the leading gun rights lobbying group.

While Clinton did not propose any specific legislation in her address, she's previously supported limits on gun sales and extending the assault weapons ban.

On Friday, former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley, who's challenging Clinton for the Democratic Party nomination, called for an assault weapons ban, stricter background checks and tougher requirements to buy a gun.

""I'm pissed,"" he wrote in an email to supporters. ""It's time we called this what it is: a national crisis.""

As the Christian Science Monitor's Brad Knickerbocker noted on Friday, advocates on both sides promptly staked out their now-familiar positions after the shooting:

National Rifle Association board member Charles Cotton wrote, “Eight of [Pinckney’s] church members who might be alive if he had expressly allowed members to carry handguns in church are dead. Innocent people died because of his position on a political issue.” Dan Gross, president of the Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence,  said in a statement: “[E]very day, 88 lives are lost in shootings across our nation. Most of these tragedies are preventable through sensible solutions that just keep guns out of the wrong hands: solutions like expanding Brady background checks on all gun sales, and shutting down the small number of ‘bad apple’ gun dealers that supply almost all crime guns.”

Clinton's remarks also marked a forceful entry into the heated topic of race relations, an issue that's become a major theme of her campaign. Clinton called race a ""deep fault line"" in America, noting that ""millions of people of color still experience racism in their everyday lives.""

The problem of racism was not limited to ""kooks and Klansmen,"" she said, but included the off-hand, off-color jokes, as well as whites not speaking up against poverty and discrimination.

In previous appearances, Clinton has taken up a number of issues that are important to African-Americans, calling for changes to the criminal justice system, voting laws and assistance for minority small business owners. Her campaign is trying to motivate the coalition of minority, young, and liberal voters that twice elected Obama to the White House.

""We can't hide from any of these hard truths about race and justice in America,"" she said. ""We have to name them and then own them and then change them.""",1
2270,Ireland's historic vote for marriage equality prompts amazing Twitter celebration,"Although only a fifth of constituencies have returned their official results thus far, the referendum looks set to pass by an overwhelming margin. According to the Guardian, current estimates suggest that close to 65 percent of voters voted to legalize same-sex marriage.

Opposition leader David Quinn, the director of the Iona Institute, has already conceded the vote, tweeting, ""Congratulations to the yes side. Well done."" The Iona Institute also issued a statement congratulating the yes supporters on their win.

Turnout was bolstered by the #hometovote campaign, which encouraged Irish citizens living abroad to return home to cast their ballots in the referendum.

As it became increasingly clear that the referendum was going to pass, jubilant Irish people took to Twitter to celebrate. Pictures purporting to show actual rainbows over Irish cities as the vote went on were particularly popular:

But people also had all sorts of other ways of celebrating. Like this one, from Ireland's Minister of State for Equality:",1
5208,James O’Keefe releases another Project Veritas video claiming Hillary Clinton campaign is “bird dogging”,"In several surreptitiously recorded video conversations, Scott Foval, the former national field director at Americans United for Change, admits to “bird dogging” — planting agitators at — Donald Trump’s rallies to draw negative media attention.

Foval describes colluding with Bob Creamer, co-founder of consulting group Democracy Partners, to “put people in the line, at the front . . . to get in front at the rally, so that when Trump comes down the rope line, they’re the ones asking him the question in front of the reporter, because they’re pre-placed there.”

“To funnel that kind of operation, you have to start back with people two weeks ahead of time and train them how to ask questions,” Foval explains. “You have to train them to bird dog.”

Among Foval’s trainees, he says, are “mentally ill people, that we pay to do shit.”

“Over the last 20 years, I’ve paid off a few homeless guys to do some crazy stuff, and I’ve also taken them for dinner, and I’ve also made sure they had a hotel, and a shower.  And I put them in a program,” he brags. “Like, I’ve done that.”

Americans United for Change subsequently cut ties with Foval, according to a statement from the group’s head, Brad Woodhouse.

O’Keefe and Project Veritas have been criticized in the past, however, for strategically editing footage to make false accusations.

In 2013, O’Keefe settled a suit for $100,000 after editing a recording with an ACORN employee who subsequently lost his job. Similarly, after O’Keefe and an associate posed as donors affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood in a sting operation at NPR, The Blaze examined the edited video against the raw footage and found manipulative editing.

And contrary to former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani’s hunch, political trickery (real or alleged) isn’t exclusive to either party. In August, Politico reported that Steven Wessel, a convicted con man unaffiliated with Donald Trump’s campaign, “catfished” the Republican presidential nominee’s opponents to gather information “about the operatives and their intentions regarding Trump.” Assuming a variety of fake online identities, including that of a female solicitor in England, Wessel gushed in emails, phone calls and Twitter messages about (made-up) extramarital affairs with the likes of the late Lee Atwater, showered marks with gift cards to the swanky Mandarin Oriental, and invited them to go pheasant-hunting in Scotland — all in an apparent attempt to glean more about the operatives and their intentions regarding Trump. Among Wessel’s targets: Republicans Rick Wilson and Cheri Jacobus, and libertarian consultant Liz Mair. According to the report, “The targets of the scheme do not believe that Wessel, described by his own lawyer as mentally ill, was acting alone.” “The questions were of such a degree of granularity and specificity and political acumen that unless [Wessel] had political experience it would be hard for him to come up with them,” said Wilson, head of a pro-Sen. Marco Rubio super PAC during the primaries. Wilson “suggested the possible involvement” of the defunct Make America Great Again PAC. The second installment of undercover videos is scheduled to drop Tuesday.",1
94,Unrelenting Ferguson protests pushed year of national change,"FERGUSON, Mo. — Unrelenting protests over the death of an unarmed black teen here last summer thrust this St. Louis suburb and its 21,000 residents into an international spotlight and ushered in a year of national changes.

Ferguson Police officer Darren Wilson, who is white, fatally shot Michael Brown Jr., a black 18-year-old, on Aug. 9, 2014. The encounter lasted just two minutes, but the shooting led to months of massive and, at times, violent protests. The world watched as crowds hurled bottles and looted liquor stores, while police in military gear threw tear gas and clashed with those on the streets.

Under the slogan #BlackLivesMatter, Ferguson protesters kicked off a movement around alleged incidents of police misconduct leading to rallies in several cities with such cases. Although a grand jury did not indict Wilson and the Justice Department declined to bring criminal charges against the officer, Brown's violent death prompted a national look at alleged racial profiling, police brutality and the relationship between police officers and communities of color.

""A year later, all I can say is that Mike Brown, his death, his murder, have given me a new sense of purpose in life and that is to always be a truth teller and to stay true to why I came out on Aug. 9,"" says Johnetta Elzie, 26, who emerged as leader in the Black Lives Matter movement as the protests developed. ""I didn't come because there was an organization that asked me to come. I came because I was tired of seeing black people dead in the street by the hands of police officers.""

#BlackLivesMatter coalesced into a partnership of leaders and organizations. Last month, in Cleveland, hundreds of protests came together for the inaugural Movement for Black Lives Convening. Elzie and others regularly fly to cities where a fatal police encounter has occurred to support local protesters.

Brown's death and the protests that followed also turned the spotlight on other controversial deaths, including Tamir Rice, 12, shot while playing with a toy gun on Nov. 22 by a Cleveland police officer; Walter Scott, 50, shot on April 4 by a North Charleston, S.C., police officer while allegedly running away; and most recently, Samuel DuBose, 43, shot on July 19 during a traffic stop by a University of Cincinnati police officer.

""Hearing statistics of police brutality incidents can be jarring, but seeing new cases every few days forces you to acknowledge the pervasiveness of police brutality,"" said Keisha Bentley-Edwards, a professor at the University of Texas-Austin who studies race, adolescence and academic and social development.

""Seeing the impact on an actual person, their families and their communities personalizes these incidents beyond numbers,"" she said.

In Ferguson, the police chief, a local judge and a city manager, who are all white, resigned after a Justice Department review found that the Ferguson Police Department engaged in a broad pattern of racially biased enforcement that permeated the city's justice system, including the use of unreasonable force against black suspects. Two of the city's new leaders, interim Police Chief Andre Anderson, who began work July 22, and Interim City Manager Ed Beasley, who was hired June 9, are black. Ferguson's population is 67% black.

Police departments elsewhere sought to buy body cameras, while other departments added training on diversity, community engagement, bias and how to de-escalate tense encounters.

At the national level, President Obama created a Task Force on 21st Century Policing and banned the sale of some kinds of military equipment to local law enforcement agencies.

""Policing has taken a hard look at itself,"" said Chuck Wexler, executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum. ""There has been a renewed emphasis on looking at how we hire, how we train, how we investigate, how we release information to the public. All of these aspects have had a seismic impact on policing.""

Darrel Stephens, executive director of the Major Cities Chiefs, said police departments are studying the findings of President Obama's task force and looking at ways to implement its recommendations.

""It's safe to say police officers are a little bit more cautious about what they are doing and how they approach their work today,"" Stephens said.

Yet police are also frustrated, he said. Police budgets have remained flat, making it impossible for some departments to modernize equipment, boost training and increase salaries to retain and recruit the best people, he said.

Some police officers have grown weary of constant comparison to those police officers who abuse their power. Fear of provoking the next Ferguson has made some officers unwilling to be aggressive at their jobs, said James Pasco, executive director of the National Fraternal Order of Police. Pasco credits aggressive policing tactics for making communities much safer and lowering crime rates over the past 20 years.

""(Darren Wilson) will be forever scarred and forever affected by this and so will every other officer every time they think of the event,"" Pasco said. ""It's going to have a chilling effect on their willingness to undertake that kind of appropriately aggressive policing.""

For Elzie, one of the Black Lives Matter organizers, the changes have yet to go far enough. This year, she will work toward legislation passed to hold police accountable for any misconduct.

""I hate that it keeps happening and we have to keep paying attention to these deaths,"" Elzie said. ""That is depressing.""",1
4909,Bill Clinton suggests Trump slogan racist – but he used the same one,"Former President Bill Clinton might want to keep the racism accusations to himself from now on -- after ripping Donald Trump for a slogan he's used repeatedly since his 'Comeback Kid' days.

The 42nd president on Wednesday, while stumping in Orlando for Hillary Clinton, suggested Trump’s campaign rallying cry, “Make America Great Again,” is racist code.

“I’m actually old enough to remember the good old days, and they weren’t all that good in many ways,” Clinton said. “That message where ‘I’ll give you America great again’ is if you’re a white Southerner, you know exactly what it means, don’t you?”

The crowd roared as Clinton continued. “What it means is ‘I’ll give you an economy you had 50 years ago, and I’ll move you back up on the social totem pole and other people down,’” he said.

The problem is, Clinton himself has used the same phrase several times in the past.

He used it repeatedly while running for president in 1991 and 1992, declaring at one Little Rock, Ark., event, ""Together, we can make America great again.""

And in a campaign ad for his wife in 2008, Bill Clinton said, ""It's time for another comeback, time to make America great again.""

Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway pointed to the inconvenient footage in calling the former president's allegations about Trump's slogan a ""disgrace."" 



“That performance is really something,” she said Friday on “Fox & Friends.” “Bill Clinton is known as a very strong campaigner, a great voice in politics -- but not this cycle.”",1
2518,Court rejects Obama immigration plan. Executive abuse of power?,"Obama's immigration initiative could protect some 5 million people from deportation. But a court ruled against the plan, with critics saying Obama overstepped his executive authority.

Uber in court: Is it a digital service, or an unlicensed taxi company?

Uber in court: Is it a digital service, or an unlicensed taxi company?

In Nov. 2014, President Obama speaks about immigration at Del Sol High School in Las Vegas. Obama's plan to protect from deportation an estimated 5 million people living in the United States illegally suffered another setback Monday, Nov. 9, 2015, in a ruling from a New Orleans-based federal appeals court. In a 2-1 ruling, the 5th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a Texas-based federal judge's injunction blocking the administration's immigration initiative.

President Obama wants to protect from deportation an estimated 5 million people living in the United States illegally but a federal appeals court said no.

The 5th US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against Mr. Obama Monday in a 2-1 decision that upheld a Texas-based federal judge’s injunction blocking the immigration plan.

Obama's plan would defer deportation for some 5 million illegal immigrants, including children brought to the US illegally, parents of American children, and those with long-standing ties to the country.

Obama’s initiative has faced sharp criticism since it was announced in November 2014. Republican leaders have accused the president of overstepping his authority by taking executive action. Instead, they say, the president should be working with Congress and enforcing the immigration laws already in place.

""President Obama should abandon his lawless executive amnesty program and start enforcing the law today,"" Texas Governor Greg Abbott said in a news release. Gov. Abbott has been at the forefront of the opposition to Obama’s immigration plan, even leading a charge in suing the president to block the initiative.

At the heart of the issue is an overwhelming number of illegal immigrants. With an estimated 11 million people in the United States illegally, the Department of Homeland Security doesn’t have enough resources to deport them all.

As Judge Carolyn Dineen King wrote in a 53-page dissent to Monday’s decision, ""Although there are approximately 11.3 million removable aliens in this country today, for the last several years Congress has provided the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with only enough resources to remove approximately 400,000 of those aliens per year.”

As such, she said, Obama’s action to defer deportations is ""quintessential exercise of prosecutorial discretion.”

The basic concept of “prosecutorial discretion” is that there aren’t enough officers to enforce every law against every law breaker, so officials must set priorities. As such, Obama is “merely moving them to the back of a very long line of potential deportees,” not granting amnesty to illegal immigrants, The Christian Science Monitor’s Warren Richey wrote in November 2014.

""We strongly disagree with the 5th Circuit's decision,"" a White House official, who requested anonymity because the person was not authorized to speak publicly about a legal matter still underway, told the Associated Press. ""The Supreme Court and Congress have made clear that the federal government can set priorities in enforcing our immigration laws.""

Now, the Obama administration can request a re-hearing. But an advocacy group, National Immigration Law Center, is pushing for a Supreme Court appeal. Any chance at implementing Obama’s plan before he leaves office in 2017 could be slipping away.

Twenty-six states have challenged Obama’s immigration initiative in court. The coalition asserted in December 2014 that Obama overstepped his presidential authority. At the time, Mr. Abbott said the president’s job is to “execute the law, not de facto make law.”

“The president’s independent executive action tramples the U.S. Constitution and federal law,” Nebraska Attorney General Jon Bruning said in a news release then. “The president is ignoring his responsibility to enforce laws passed by Congress and attempting to rewrite immigration laws, which he has no authority to do.”

This isn’t the first time Obama has been accused of abusing executive power. While many of the high-profile accusations have centered around the Affordable Care Act, others include Obama’s recess appointments in 2012 and his denouncement of the Defense of Marriage Act.

This report includes material from the Associated Press.",1
1042,The big question about Hillary Clinton: What if the FBI is onto her?,"What if Hillary Clinton is in legal hot water and she knows it but won’t admit it? What if she has decided to go on the offensive and make her case that she did nothing unlawful with her emails that contained state secrets?

What if the essence of her defense is that other secretaries of state used non-secure email devices and thus it was lawful for her to do so, as well as the point that none of her emails was “marked classified” at the time she sent or received them? What if these defenses do not hold up to even cursory examination?

What if the other secretaries of state to whom she refers are Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice? What if neither of them diverted all of their emails to a private server? What if neither of them sent or received state secrets -- secrets that under the law of the land are marked “confidential,” “secret” or “top secret,” not “classified” -- using a non-secure email account?

What if neither of them hired an information technology expert and paid him to divert both a standard State Department email stream and a secret State Department email stream to a private server in one of their homes?

What if neither Powell nor Rice is currently running for president? What if neither Powell nor Rice has had his or her behavior as secretary of state referred to the FBI for a criminal investigation by the inspector general of the State Department?

What if the law of the land is that a document or email contains state secrets by virtue of the information or data in the document or email and not by virtue of any warning label? What if the legal definition of a ""state secret"" in the U.S. is ""information the revelation of which could cause harm to the security of the United States""?

What if it is the law of the land that people in the government to whom state secrets are entrusted are required to recognize the secrets when they see them and protect them from intentional or inadvertent revelation?

What if it is the law of the land that everyone in the government to whom state secrets are entrusted receives a multi-hour tutorial from the FBI on how to protect state secrets? What if the successful completion of that tutorial is a legal prerequisite to the receipt of a national security clearance and thus the receipt of state secrets?

What if that tutorial reminds the people to whom secrets are being reposed that it is their legal obligation to recognize and accept and understand the law before they can receive any state secrets? What if, in order to confirm that understanding, all people who receive the tutorial are required to sign an oath at the end of the tutorial recognizing, accepting and understanding the law and agreeing to be bound by it? What if Clinton signed just such an oath?

What if Clinton had no intention of complying with the oath she signed at the time she signed it? What if we know that because we know she hired the information technologist to divert her emails the same week she received the FBI tutorial? What if she never told the FBI that she planned to divert all her emails -- including those that would contain state secrets -- to a private non-secure email server in her home?

What if it is the law of the land that the failure to secure state secrets is a felony, known as espionage? What if it is the law of the land that espionage can be committed by a person who intends to expose state secrets or by a person who doesn’t care if she exposes state secrets? What if the FBI explained to Clinton in her first day as secretary of state that the grossly negligent exposure of state secrets constitutes espionage?

What if before Clinton was secretary of state, she was a U.S. senator from New York for eight years? What if during that time, she was a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee? What if during her time in the Senate, she was exposed to hundreds of military-related state secrets?

What if Clinton is smart enough and shrewd enough and experienced enough to recognize a state secret when she sees one?

What if the FBI has seen emails in which Clinton ordered subordinates deliberately to avoid State Department secure channels of communications and to send state secrets to her through channels she knew were not secure? What if Clinton passed on state secrets to others who had no security clearances? What if she did so knowing she was sending state secrets from her non-secure server to other non-secure servers?

What if Clinton sent or received more than 2,000 emails that contained state secrets? What if she authored more than 100 of them herself? What if some of the 2,000 emails were so secret that the FBI agents investigating her lack the security clearances to view those emails?

What if Clinton did all this so that she could keep her behavior as secretary of state secret and away from all officials in the State Department outside her inner circle, away from the president and away from the American people? What if she orchestrated and carried out a conspiracy to violate the Espionage Act?

What if the FBI is onto her? What if the Democrats are not?

Andrew P. Napolitano, a former judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey, is the senior judicial analyst at Fox News Channel.",1
772,John Boehner thanks God Cruz didn't win,"""Donald Trump is the nominee, whether people like it or not,"" the former House speaker, during a question-and-answer session at a hedge fund conference in Las Vegas, told attendees Thursday. Boehner, an Ohio Republican, made clear he would support the nominee.

But that doesn¹t mean Boehner supports what Trump is pitching on the campaign trail. Asked, rapid fire, whether he supported Trump's proposed temporary ban on Muslims entering the U.S., his proposal to build a wall on the border of Mexico and the New York billionaire¹s plan to aggressively use tariffs to attack foreign trade competitors, Boehner repeatedly answered with one word: ""No.""

He also said Trump¹s foreign policy stance, laid out in a speech two weeks ago, didn't align with his views. Still, Boehner said, ""Anybody who doesn't think Donald Trump can win, just watch.""

Boehner¹s comments come two weeks after saying, during a question-and-answer session at Stanford University, that he and Trump were ""texting buddies."" It was at that same event that he called then-GOP presidential candidate and regular Boehner tormenter Ted Cruz, the Texas senator, ""Lucifer in the flesh."" Cruz has since suspended his campaign, clearing the way for Trump to secure the title of ""presumptive nominee"" for the party. Boehner, in an unsolicited comment, couldn't hide his feelings on that front. ""Thank God the guy from Texas didn't win,"" he said. As all eyes in Washington were on Trump¹s meetings with top GOP lawmakers, Boehner weighed in on the decision by his replacement as speaker -- the lawmaker Boehner pushed, lobbied and cajoled to take the job, Paul Ryan -- not to immediately endorse Trump. ""I think Paul was just being cautious,"" Boehner said, adding that he ""doesn't have any doubt"" things will ""get smoothed over."" He also made clear he had no regrets about his decision to leave Congress. ""Every day I read the news, I¹m reminded of how happy I am that I¹m not in the chaos,"" Boehner said with a chuckle.",1
4220,Why Trump's foreign policy resonates with Americans – to a point,"Important aspects of Trump's foreign policy play on America's weariness as global cop. It's his extreme prescriptions that worry voters.

As yet another general joins Trump's team, what does the pick reveal?

In recent weeks Donald Trump has offered one provocative foreign-policy pronouncement after another, reflecting his view that America can no longer afford to pay for the world’s security and prosperity.

The United States, he says, should leave a NATO alliance where wealthy Europeans are mooching off a “poor” US for their national defense needs. Asian partners also need to prepare for an era of American retrenchment – to the extent that allies Japan and South Korea might want to acquire their own nuclear weapons, he suggests.

And then, of course, there’s the matter of his envisioned southern border wall – which he says Mexico must either pay for or face a cutoff of the billions of dollars that Mexicans working in the US send back home each year.

Such proposals may leave most of Washington’s foreign-policy elite gasping for breath, but they resonate with a significant slice of the American public for a couple of key reasons, national security and opinion experts say.

For one thing, many in the US have tired of America’s role of superpower and sympathize with the idea that playing the world’s policeman has gotten too expensive and offers diminishing returns. Then there’s the fact that much of Mr. Trump’s more extreme thinking on US relations with the world has been around in milder forms for years – and has even picked up steam under President Obama.

For instance, former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates caused a stir when he used his farewell tour of Europe in 2011 to castigate European allies for not paying their fair share of the alliance defense bill. And Mr. Obama, elected as a kind of antidote to the interventionist George W. Bush, has as president espoused a more domestically focused America. He recently lamented to The Atlantic magazine's Jeffrey Goldberg about the “free riders” who can afford to pay more than they do now but rely on the US for their security.

From there, it’s not much of a leap to nod and cheer at Trump’s take on an overburdened America, experts say.

“Trump is effectively speaking to a widespread feeling in the American public of frustration with aspects of being the global hegemon, the big man on the world stage,” says Steven Kull, director of the Program for Public Consultation at the University of Maryland’s Center for International and Security Studies. “He speaks to a deep-seated feeling, and he gets a response.”

Americans have a “gut reaction” when they hear Trump say, as he told The New York Times, that for too long the US has been the world’s “big stupid bully” being “systematically ripped off by everybody,” says Lawrence Korb, a senior fellow specializing in defense spending at the Center for American Progress in Washington.

“People off the top of their head say, ‘Yeah, that’s right!’ when they hear someone saying we’re too much of the world’s policeman or that others aren’t paying their fair share,” Mr. Korb says.

One reason Americans can relate to Trump’s worldview is that they have already been exposed to the broader thinking that lies beneath his more extreme specifics – through Obama, Korb adds.

“In a lot of what Trump says, there’s a ring that’s familiar to people,” he says, and part of that “familiarity” comes from the Obama presidency.

“Obama has delivered a kind of retrenchment that was a reaction to Bush, who was viewed as overly interventionist,” he says. “So when Trump talks about America paying for the world when it needs to pull back and fix things up at home, people think they’ve heard it before and it has a grain of truth for them.”

Korb notes that all of Obama’s past Defense secretaries have upbraided European allies for not paying their fair share into NATO.

“If you go back and take a look at what [Robert] Gates and [Leon] Panetta and [Chuck] Hagel said, they all carried the message that ‘You guys have to do more,’ ” he says. “People may be fuzzy on the specifics,” he adds, “but they remember the general idea that our allies in Europe and Asia aren’t stepping up to the plate the way even the president thinks they should.”

As long as Trump is talking in terms of greater burden-sharing among allies, the public is broadly with him. Most Americans feel the US is less respected on the world stage but at the same time favor a greater degree of shared leadership in global affairs, recent surveys from the Pew Research Center in Washington suggest.

And according to a Pew survey taken a year ago, only about half of Americans have a favorable view of NATO – with the alliance’s detractors higher among Republicans.

But Americans appear to part ways with the Trump foreign policy vision when general feelings confront specifics.

Any misgivings over NATO do no translate into support for abandoning the alliance, says Dr. Kull of the University of Maryland, citing his own research. Similarly, views that Asian allies should take on more of their own defense do not translate to support for Japan and South Korea acquiring nuclear weapons.

“Yes, there is pretty strong thinking that our allies for too long have been relying on our generosity, but does that mean the public thinks we should pull out of NATO? No,” Kull says, “about two-thirds don’t think so.”

That number was among the findings of a study his group recently did for the Chicago Council on Global Affairs.

While Americans may approve when Trump the businessman talks about the US needing a “better deal” with the world, that does not mean they are looking for a revolution in world affairs, Kull adds.

“There was support for NATO [in the Chicago Council survey] and there is support for the basic international order” of security alliances and trade relations, he says – “and that’s where Trump departs from the general public.”

Of course, for dealmaker-in-chief Trump, threats to abandon NATO or Asian allies could simply be starting-points for negotiation. But Kull points to surveys showing Trump’s unusually high negatives for a presidential candidate, and he suggests that misgivings about how a President Trump would conduct relations with the world are part of that.

“People may be unhappy about things, but they aren’t looking for a president to turn global affairs upside down or put the world order at risk,” he says. “They’re not ready to say that’s how presidents act, or that that’s how America acts in the world.”",1
5214,Memo To Trump And Clinton: Use Tough Love To Win The Millennials,"The Millennial Vote is being treated like a Magical Unicorn in the 2016 election. It is seen as something valuable and mysterious. As Dan Schwabel, at Quartz, in a piece modestly entitled The complete guide to winning the millennial vote this election recently noted:

As we head into November’s US elections, all candidates are vying for the millennial vote—and for good reason. Millennials are ... a critical bloc for any campaign. 69.2 million are now eligible to vote, which is more than double compared to the past decade. When added together with Gen-X voters, 2016 represents the first time young people have displaced the Baby Boomer vote. At the same time, millennials are historically less likely to vote than their older peers, with only around half having voted in the last presidential election. Knowing this, there’s no question that all political parties will be pushing hard to get them to the voting booths this fall.

I, too, covet the kids' allegiance. Yet I – an aging Boomer – confess to finding the Millennials mystifying. I am the father and co-owner of three of them (plus one Gen Xer). I know more than a few others. They're Everywhere, and deeply enigmatic.

Yet I have a theory that could provide the key to resolving their riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. They have not yet found, but absolutely must conceive and declare, their own Narrative.

Let the candidates take note. Making this strong demand of them would be an act of tough love. It could pay huge dividends.

A quick glance at the new generation gap. Betraying just how old a fogey I am, let me recount a bit of conversation from a few years ago with a lovely Young Fogey Millennial, discussing a column of mine in the long lost ParcBench.com. It was about how the Beatles, the Who, and the Rolling Stones (through, respectively, Revolution, Won’t Get Fooled Again, and Sympathy for the Devil) stopped an impending communist takeover of America and the West. Let's add Buffalo Springfield’s For What It’s Worth.

The Young Fogey’s response stopped me cold: “That’s really interesting. I’ve heard of the Beatles.” So who am I to judge? And yet….

The sociologists and pollsters obsessively study these magical unicorns with something like the ardor of an anthropologist encountering a newly discovered tribe in the Amazon basin. Their earnest scholasticism is interesting but does not resolve the enigma. Schwabel summarizes some of the pollsters’ observations:

The World Economic Forum’s annual Global Shapers survey found the top five most concerning world issues for young people are climate change, large-scale conflicts, religious conflicts, poverty, and government accountability. … Socioeconomic wellbeing is also important, as 20% of millennials are living in poverty, many whom are unemployed, underemployed, or have even given up on finding a job. These young voters want politicians to close the poverty gap and regulate student loans so that they aren’t poor and in debt. The same Harvard poll found that millennials feel the division between rich and poor is worse than before they were born. Finally, they want the government to be more transparent and less corrupt. After the recession and the following bailouts, they became more suspicious of politicians, and they have to work harder to earn their trust back. A mere one in every four millennials says they can trust the government always or most of the time.

Sounds true. Yet as Winston Churchill purportedly once demanded of a waiter, “Take away this pudding, it has no theme.” The poll results similarly do not reveal a theme.

Every generation needs to write its own story. We Boomers were great at generating drama, manufacturing meaning for our lives, and achieving glory. Time for the Millennials to step up and top us.

A few years ago, a group of collegiate Millennials came to interview me. They had the usual surly attitude toward us Boomers. We had, they seemed to believe, Ruined Everything. I told them point blank, to their astonishment, that they were dead wrong about us. We Boomers have a great track record and are weary and waiting for them to step up, wrest power from us, and use it for Good. They were astounded.",1
783,How well-meaning political reformers are helping to elect President Trump,"Each week, In Theory takes on a big idea in the news and explores it from a range of perspectives. This week, we’re talking about polarization in politics. Need a primer? Catch up here.

David Broockman is an assistant professor of political economy at the Stanford Graduate School of Business.

Academic hand-wringing rarely changes political institutions. But political science researchers’ recent obsession with political polarization seems to be having some impact. These researchers argue that polarization has “put the nation at risk” and are championing reforms meant to stem it.

The remedies proposed are many — from reforming campaign finance to changing the primary system — and all share a common theme: By shifting more political power to everyday people, academics believe that extreme politicians would be encouraged to heed the public’s centrist demands.

The widespread view that citizens are more centrist than politicians seems obvious, but it’s actually misleading at best. And worse, it’s endangering our democracy.

Voters Are Not All Centrists

Most voters support some liberal policies and some conservative policies. Academics have long taken this as evidence of voters’ underlying centrism.

But just because voters are ideologically mixed does not mean they are centrists at heart. Many voters support a mix of extreme liberal policies (like taxing the rich at 90 percent) and extreme conservative policies (like deporting all undocumented immigrants). These voters only appear “centrist” on the whole by averaging their extreme views together into a single point on a liberal-conservative spectrum.

This makes those who celebrate voter centrism rather like the fabled statistician who drowned in a river that was 2 feet deep on average. Even if voters are centrist on average, they can be quite extreme on many particular issues.

The result? Reforms that empower voters may not push politicians further to the center — instead, they may encourage politicians to pander to extreme views popular among voters. Indeed, where they have been enacted, many changes that reformers favor — like public funding of elections and top-two primaries — have resulted in politicians doing just this. By seeking to further empower voters in the name of reducing polarization, well-meaning reformers may actually be encouraging dangerous extremism.

Political scientists and pundits alike argue that it would improve governance to devolve political power from the political elites who know the most about politics and policy to the voters who know the least. Polarization scholars hold these uninformed voters in the highest esteem because they look the most centrist on a left-right spectrum. They are also Donald Trump’s base.

Yes, you read that right. Political scientists have long exalted the centrist wisdom of those who now constitute some of Trump’s strongest supporters — the poorly educated authoritarian xenophobes who are attracted to a platform suffused with white supremacy, indulge in unapologetic nationalism and use violence to silence opponents. As commentator Jacob Weisberg has written, these extreme voters’ views are a mix of “wacko left and wacko right” — the key credential one needs to qualify as centrist by scholars’ most popular definition.

Trump’s popularity among these voters should have been no surprise. Their penchant for extremism on many issues has been visible in public polling for years. Indeed, it has been visible for decades: Modern public opinion research itself was founded scholars who had just witnessed World War II and had good reason to be fearful of mass publics’ extremist tendencies.

Yet despite our own country’s populist past, many scholars today resist acknowledging public extremism is even possible. (Reviewers of my research, for example, dismissed as simply too “doubtful” the idea that voters might have some views more extreme than those of elected officials.) A simple conceptual error has blinded them to the true character of the Trump coalition.

Dismissing the public’s susceptibility to extremism is not only naive — it is dangerous. With anti-majoritarian institutions like six-year terms for senators, the Founding Fathers empowered elites to serve as a check on unwise popular passions.

Reformers may find the Founding Fathers’ ideas outmoded. After all, if the public is a homogenous centrist mass, why be afraid of unchecked popular control?

Trump’s rise brings the founders’ wisdom into sharp focus. However, reformers have by now already eliminated nearly every institutional safeguard that would once have stood in Trump’s way to the Oval Office. In previous eras, party elites would be able to more easily foil his nomination at the Republican convention; financial contributions to his competitors would be less limited; and state legislators could have refused to pledge their state’s electoral votes to him. As with insurance plans canceled right before a catastrophe, the upside of these safeguards is only fully apparent when a demagogue like Trump is already doing damage.

This is not to say that elites always have innocent or correct intentions. Outright oligarchy is no better than outright direct democracy, and conservative elites may even have inadvertently abetted Trump’s rise. The point is that the Founding Fathers were right to allow elites and voters to serve as checks and balances on each other. Today’s reformers have altogether forgotten the merits of one side of this equation.

One reason scholars play down the benefits of allowing elites to serve the function the Founding Fathers envisioned is that they characterize today’s political elites as highly extreme. The empirical evidence for this view is also much flimsier than many realize. Today’s politicians strategically exaggerate their disagreements, but on many issues these disagreements are substantively small by historical standards. Indeed, where yawning disagreements existed 50 years ago around issues of trade, regulation, race, taxation, redistribution and foreign policy, there is now a Washington consensus on such matters to which both parties largely subscribe.

Today’s elites certainly take some extreme positions. But the prospect of President Trump does put the allegedly wholesale extremism of today’s elites in perspective. Trump seeks to shatter countless tenets of the Washington consensus in the name of shameless nationalism and overt xenophobia. If he gets his way, the United States would be plunged into a deep recession and millions of lives would be thrown into disarray. That is real extremism.

Students of polarization and pundits alike bemoan a “disconnect” between extreme elites and centrist voters, arguing that voters must urgently be empowered to resolve it. But what if voters would actually like to see today’s politicians become more extreme on many issues? What if many voters actually do, at the end of the day, agree with Trump? In that case, reforms that empower voters may have less appealing effects than supporters argue.

Advocates of reforms would be wise to consider this possibility as they upend centuries-old institutions in the name of democracy. Faithful representation of public opinion is scarcely the sole standard to which representative democracy aspires.

Thomas E. Mann and Norman J. Ornstein: Republicans created dysfunction. Now they’re paying for it.

Dana Nelson: The growth of executive power has turned politics into war

Jim Marshall: Congress could reduce polarization. It has chosen not to.

Thomas Petri: Our government is messy — but that doesn’t mean it isn’t working

Alan I. Abramowitz: America today is two different countries. They don’t get along.

Jane Mansbridge: Three reasons political polarization is here to stay",1
45,Hillary Clinton shatters $100M fundraising goal,"Clinton's campaign, which started raising money for the Democratic National Committee and state Democratic parties this quarter through the Hillary Victory Fund, also raised $18 million in the joint fundraising effort, meaning the campaign raised a total of $55 million for the quarter.

In all, the Clinton campaign has raised $112 million for the primary since launching in April. Heading into 2016, the campaign has roughly $38 million cash on hand, according to aides.

The haul, which is larger than even some Clinton aides expected, puts a big number on the board that Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders -- her main primary challenger -- is unlikely to top.

""Thanks to the hundreds of thousands of Americans who have joined together and powered this historic campaign, we are now heading into Iowa and New Hampshire with the resources we need to be successful,"" Robby Mook, Clinton's campaign manager, said in a statement on Friday.

""Helping Democratic candidates win up and down the ticket is a top priority for Hillary Clinton which is why she's also proud to be doing her part to ensure Democrats have the resources we need to win."" CNN reported earlier this week that Clinton raised at least $21 million at fundraisers she personally headlined in the fourth quarter of 2015, a number that almost guaranteed she would break the $100 million goal. The Democratic front-runner headlined a total of 58 fundraisers in the fourth quarter, a pace identical to the 58 events she headlined in the second and third quarters of 2015. The labor-intensive process, which required Clinton to criss-cross the country on both the campaign and fundraising trail, saw the former secretary of state headline fundraisers in 20 states and Washington, D.C. Thirteen events were in New York, the most of any state, and six were in California. The fourth quarter also saw Clinton get more help than usual on the fundraising trail. Former President Bill Clinton headlined dozens of fundraisers in 14 states and Washington, D.C., including events in Texas, Wisconsin and Ohio, during the fourth quarter. While it will be difficult for Sanders to turn in a bigger haul than Clinton, the Vermont senator is expected to bring in a sizable haul, largely buoyed by his strong online contributions. Since launching his campaign, Sanders has solicited over 2.3 million donations and raised over $40 million -- including a sizable $26 million in the third quarter. Aides have said that the campaign is focused on surpassing 1 million donors by the end of the year. Like Clinton, Sanders also signed a joint fundraising effort with the DNC this quarter, starting to raise money for the national party in November. Clinton aides boasted on Friday that 94% of their donations were in increments of $100 or less and more than 60% of donations were from women. Sign up for CNN Politics' Nightcap newsletter, serving up today's best and tomorrow's essentials in politics.",1
4286,The detente between Trump and Cruz is definitely over,"The mutually beneficial campaign detente between Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) came to an end on the debate stage here Thursday.

The two Republican presidential candidates, locked in a tight race to win the Feb. 1 Iowa caucuses, argued over whether Cruz meets the constitutional requirements to serve as president and whether Trump is a trustworthy conservative or is tainted by what Cruz called “New York values.”

Theirs was far from the only battle that broke out in the sixth GOP debate of the 2016 campaign season. Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) had intensely personal clashes with both Cruz and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. Rubio and Christie are both hoping to emerge from the crowded Republican field as the establishment’s champion against the forces of insurgency that Trump and Cruz represent.

Until recently, it was in both Trump’s and Cruz’s interest to avoid a direct confrontation. Cruz was leery of alienating Trump’s supporters — who might come to him, if the incendiary billionaire were to self-destruct. Trump, for his part, did not consider Cruz much of a threat.

On Thursday, they went so far as to question each other’s fitness to govern.

Trump contended that Cruz’s birth to a U.S. citizen in Canada might disqualify him from becoming president because the Constitution decrees that only a “natural born citizen” may hold the office.

“There’s a big question mark on your head. And you can’t do that to the party. You really can’t,” Trump told Cruz.

The senator from Texas retorted that Trump was motivated more by his political prospects than any constitutional concern.

“I recognize that Donald is dismayed that his poll numbers are falling in Iowa,” Cruz said. “But the facts and the law here are really quite clear. Under long-standing U.S. law, the child of a U.S. citizen born abroad is a natural-born citizen.”

Then it was Cruz’s turn to go on offense.

Repeating something he first said in a radio interview, Cruz charged that Trump had “New York values” — invoking that city’s reputation, particularly in red-state America, as the bastion of the liberal elite.

“I can frame it another way,” Cruz said. “Not a lot of conservatives come out of Manhattan. I’m just saying.”

Trump responded with indignation, saying New York City is home to “loving people, wonderful people.” He recalled the fall of the World Trade Center towers on Sept. 11, 2001, noting the “smell of death” that pervaded the city for months.

“I saw something that no place on Earth could have handled more beautifully, more humanely than New York,” Trump said. He added, “That was a very insulting statement that Ted made.”

As Trump and Cruz argued over the latter’s constitutional qualifications to be president, the other candidates struggled to get a word in. Rubio drew applause when he interjected, “I hate to interrupt this episode of Court TV, but I think we have to get back to what this election ought to be about.”

However, when Rubio and Cruz got their chance to go at it, theirs turned out to be an esoteric back-and-forth over the consistency of their Senate votes, particularly on immigration.

After Rubio ticked through votes that he described as flip-flops and political opportunism on Cruz’s part, the Texan said: “He had no fewer than 11 attacks there. I appreciate you dumping your oppo research folder on the debate stage.”

At that point, former Florida governor Jeb Bush interjected: “This latest back-and-forth between two backbench senators, it explains why we have the mess in Washington, D.C.”

Christie, who has often dismissed the Senate as nothing more than a debating society, interrupted another argument between Cruz and Rubio over taxes, saying: “You’ve already had your chance, Marco. You blew it.”

The disputes that broke out during the debate, which was sponsored by Fox Business Network and included the GOP’s seven leading presidential hopefuls, have been simmering on the campaign trail in recent days. The event gave the candidates a chance to confront one another face to face, rather than through their stump speeches, surrogates and allied super PACs.

Among the Republicans, several battles are going on at once. Where Trump and Cruz are each looking to win the caucuses by claiming to be the one who can slay the old order, the field also includes a host of current and former governors and senators.

Nearly as important as which candidate comes in first place is the question of which will emerge from what is being called the “establishment lane.”

Rubio repeated his charge that Christie, the governor of a heavily Democratic state, has a record too liberal for a conservative party. He noted that Christie once supported Common Core educational standards, backed some gun-control legislation and supported Obama’s nomination of Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor.

“Our next president has to be someone that undoes the damage Barack Obama has done to this country,” Rubio said. “It cannot be someone that agrees with his agenda. . . . Unfortunately, Governor Christie has endorsed many of the ideas that Barack Obama supports.”

Turning to face Rubio, Christie accused the senator of being loose with his facts and manufacturing indignation because Christie has emerged as a political threat. He reminded Rubio that he had once called him “a conservative reformer that New Jersey needed,” but that “he’s changed his tune.”

Christie recalled October’s debate, when Rubio responded to an attack from Bush by saying someone had convinced him that Bush had to hit his onetime protege. “It appears that the same someone who has been whispering in old Marco’s ear, too,” Christie said.

As the leading candidates feuded, Ben Carson — the mild-mannered retired neurosurgeon who briefly topped the polls — urged civility. “We have to stop this because, you know, if we manage to damage ourselves and we lose the next election and a progressive gets in there and they get two or three Supreme Court picks, this nation is over as we know it,” he said.

The call did not stop Bush from going after Trump, describing his rival as “unhinged” for his policies on immigration and Muslims and misguided in his plans for high tariffs on Chinese imports.

“This would be devastating for our economy. We need somebody with a steady hand being president of the United States,” Bush said.

Trump responded with an attack on Bush’s personality.

“We don’t need a weak person being president of the United States,” Trump said, returning to an old insult that Bush is ­“low-energy.” “We don’t need that. We don’t need that.”

Trump brushed off criticism of his demeanor, saying, “I will gladly accept the mantle of anger.”

“Our military is a disaster,” he said. “Our health care is a horror show. Obamacare, we’re going to repeal it and replace it. We have no borders. Our vets are being treated horribly. Illegal immigration is beyond belief. Our country is being run by incompetent people. And yes, I am angry.”

The debate came just 48 hours after President Obama delivered the final State of the Union address of his presidency, which included sharp condemnation of the angry GOP rhetoric over Muslims, immigration and other issues. At the debate, the candidates flung zinger after zinger in an attempt to outdo one another in delivering the most visceral condemnation of both Obama and Clinton, his first-term secretary of state and the leading Democratic presidential candidate.

Christie called Obama “a petulant child” and likened his State of the Union to “storytime” because it painted, in Christie’s view, too rosy a picture of the country.

“We are going to kick your rear end out of the White House come this fall,” Christie said of Obama.

The language was just as strident in discussing Clinton. Bush suggested that she “might be going back and forth between the White House and the courthouse” because she is under FBI investigation for her email practices. Then Rubio stepped up the rhetoric and charged that Clinton was “disqualified from being commander in chief.”

When co-moderator Maria Bartiromo asked Cruz about a New York Times report Wednesday that he failed to properly disclose loans from Goldman Sachs and CitiBank during his 2012 Senate campaign, Cruz used the moment to slam “the mainstream media.”

“Yes, I made a paperwork error disclosing it on one piece of paper instead of the other,” Cruz said. “But if that’s the best the New York Times has got, they better go back to the well.”

Although Ohio Gov. John Kasich did not figure in the more contentious exchanges, he sought to appeal directly to frustrated middle- and working-class families.

“People are upset,” he said. “You’re 50 or 51 years old and some kid walks in and tells you you’re out of work and you don’t know where to go and where to turn. Do we have an answer for that? We do.”

David A. Fahrenthold in Washington contributed to this report.",1
1776,Inside the Trump-Bush melodrama: Decades of tension and discomfort,"Donald Trump spent a day in January 2014 hobnobbing with politicians at the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla. The billionaire mogul touted legalizing gambling with state Rep. Steve Crisafulli, speaker of the Florida House, and two other wired Florida Republicans, plugging his properties as potential sites for casinos.

But as they tapped putts on the manicured greens, something else was on Trump’s mind: Jeb Bush.

“He was trashing Jeb and, quite honestly, I don’t think he’s ever held Jeb in high regard,” said Crisafulli, a Bush supporter who said he was “uncomfortable” with the conversation and defended the former Florida governor to Trump. “I’ve met with Mr. Trump on several occasions, and he’s constantly had things to say about Jeb. . . . He’s always had a negative connotation about Jeb.”

Trump’s jeering that day was a harbinger of the taunts and derision that the 2016 GOP front-runner has directed at Bush on the campaign trail this summer.

The feud between the leading Republicans, which has escalated in recent days, is shaping up as a defining dynamic at this early stage of the race. And considering Trump’s dominant status in polls and Bush’s fundraising ability, the tensions between the two are likely to be a factor for weeks or months to come as each candidate attempts to topple the other on his way to the nomination.

The 2016 campaign is only the latest manifestation of decades of discord between Trump and the Bush family. Since the gilded 1980s, when Trump and George H.W. Bush rose as forces in their respective spheres, the relationship between Trump and the Bushes has been a melodrama — veering between displays of public affection and acerbic insults.

At the core, there are clashes of style, manner and class between the Bushes — a patrician clan of presidents, governors and financiers who have pulled the levers of power for generations — and Trump, a hustling New York City deal-maker who turned his father’s outer-borough real estate portfolio into a gold-plated empire.

“The Bushes were never Trump’s cup of tea,” said Roger Stone, a longtime confidant and former adviser to Trump. Asked why the Bushes often have kept Trump at arm’s length, he said: “He’s not from old, WASP money. The Trumps didn’t come on the Mayflower.”

‘He’s not up to snuff’

Trump shrugs off the suggestion that his rivalry with the Bushes is rooted in pedigree, although he is open about his animosity toward them; he characterizes his relationship with former president Bill Clinton, for instance, as far closer.

He lashed out at former president George W. Bush over the war in Iraq during his tenure. He turned on Bush’s father when he raised taxes during his term as president, despite pledging not to do so.

But Trump reserves particular, personal ire for Jeb Bush, whose first name he commonly mocks by drawing it out in a slight drawl. One Trump associate, who spoke on the condition of anonymity in order to speak candidly, said of Trump: “He’s very smart, he’s driven and he has two goals: one, to be elected president, and two, to have Jeb not be president.”

In a 35-minute interview this week with The Washington Post tracing his history with the Bushes, Trump unleashed a hailstorm of scorn. He found 33 ways to skewer the family — about one put-down per minute.

On Jeb Bush: “I mean, this guy. I don’t think he has a clue.”

On George H.W. Bush: “I really liked the father — really like him as a person. But I hated his ‘read my lips, no more taxes,’ and then he raised taxes monstrously.”

On George W. Bush: “He didn’t seem smart. I’d watch him in interviews and I’d look at people and ask, ‘Do you think he understands the question?’ ”

And back to Jeb: “He’s not up to snuff. . . . Jeb is never going to bring us to the promised land. He can’t.”

Trump was especially accusatory when he talked about Jeb Bush’s work in investment banking. After leaving the governor’s office in 2007, Bush was an adviser to Lehman Brothers and, later, Barclays, making between $1.3 million and $2 million a year. Trump called Bush’s role at Lehman a “no-show job” and suggested it was a reward for helping direct Florida state funds to the firm, whose collapse in 2008 helped kick off the Great Recession.

“That’s a Hillary Clinton kind of situation,” Trump said, referring to the Democratic front-

runner. “This is huge. Let me ask you: Why would you pay a man $1.3 million a year for a no-show job at Lehman Brothers — which, when it failed, almost took the world with it?”

Asked whether he thought Bush was ready to steer the nation’s economy, Trump said, “Steer it? He can’t steer himself.”

Tim Miller, a Bush spokesman, said Trump “is trafficking in false conspiracy theories” about Lehman.

Responding to Trump’s broader criticisms, Miller highlighted the developer’s past ties to Democrats and liberal causes.

“While Trump was attending New York liberal cocktail parties and trashing conservatives and Republican presidents any chance he got, Jeb was the most conservative governor in the country, cutting taxes, reining in the size of government and protecting life,” Miller said.

In Florida, Bush’s associates have been flummoxed by the pace and intensity of Trump’s assaults. Former governor Bob Martinez, a Bush friend and supporter, asked, “Is this the way he acts when he’s negotiating with somebody?”

“Some find it entertaining, some find it odd,” Martinez said. “This is not the normal fare you get, certainly.”

Bush has begun firing back on the stump, though not with Trump’s vigor and mostly without naming his opponent. “There are some people running, they’re really talented about filling space — about saying big things,” he said Wednesday in Pensacola, Fla. “They think that volume in their language is a kind of a version of leadership. Talking is not leadership. Doing is leadership.”

Al Cardenas, another Bush friend, suggested Trump’s motivation is pure politics: “He wants to win this thing, he sees Jeb as the big gorilla with the big super-PAC money and someone who would eventually be the one facing him in the homestretch.”

Cardenas also surmised that Trump had been a non-factor in Bush’s mind.

“In a thousand conversations I’ve ever had with Jeb, I’ve never heard Donald Trump mentioned once until last year,” Cardenas said. “He was just not a part of ‘Jeb world’ in any way that I recall.”

Trump fondly remembers one of his first encounters with the Bush family patriarch. It was 1988, and he hosted George H.W. Bush for a presidential campaign fundraiser at the Plaza Hotel, the palatial New York property Trump owned at the time.

“I remember Don King was there,” Trump said in the interview. “Big Don King. . . . He’s shaking Bush’s hand and saying, ‘Only in America!’ And, you know Don King’s voice. It’s like Pavarotti, right?”

Trump soured on Bush when he increased taxes, but they eventually made amends. In 1997, Trump said, Bush asked him to host a fundraiser for his son, Jeb, who was running for Florida governor. Trump agreed. The event was in his apartment at Trump Tower.

It was not merely a political favor. Trump had been trying to persuade Florida lawmakers to allow his company to manage casinos on tribal land.

“I had a fundraiser and raised about $1 million, which in those days was a lot of money,” Trump said. “In fact, I remember [Jeb Bush] saying, ‘It was the most successful fundraiser I’ve ever had.’ ”

Trump said George H.W. Bush wrote him “a beautiful note thanking me for helping with his son.”

Nevertheless, Trump’s swipes at the elder Bush continued and extended onto the pages of his 2000 book, “The America We Deserve.” In it, he said the 41st president “failed to comprehend that he was in the bubble created by the American presidency and simply lost touch.”

In that same book, Trump praised Jeb Bush as a “good man” who is “exactly the kind of political leader this country needs now and will very much need in the future. . . . I believe we could get another president from the Bushes.”

Trump’s unpredictable commentary led most Bush insiders to keep their distance. Nicholas F. Brady, a family intimate and former treasury secretary, said in an interview that the Bush circle has rarely overlapped with Trump, politically and socially.

As for the pot shots at Jeb these days, Brady said, “He must understand that Donald’s way of expressing himself is different. He tends to short-hop problems and that’s his style. We can’t do much about that.”

Former ambassador Mel Sembler, a Bush family friend and fundraiser, said he attended the 1997 event at Trump Tower and suggested that the current animus must be “newfound.”

“You don’t have animosity toward somebody and then put on a fundraiser in your home,” Sembler said. “I would never put on a fundraiser — and I put on an awful lot of them — unless it was somebody I really felt like would be a great political leader.”

‘I have never tried to click’

In 1999, as then-Texas Gov. George W. Bush was consolidating the Republican establishment behind his 2000 presidential candidacy, Trump explored a run of his own in the Reform Party, which grew out of the 1992 independent run of Ross Perot that many Republicans were convinced cost Bush’s father his reelection.

Trump went on CNN’s “Larry King Live” and said Bush had not been forthcoming enough about his problems with alcohol. Later that fall, Trump made a splashy visit to Miami, Jeb Bush’s adopted home town. Rallying Cuban Americans in Little Havana, Trump knocked George W. Bush and then-Vice President Al Gore by saying that his wealth made him more qualified to be president than the two descendants of politicians because they were, as he put it, “anointed.”

In the end, Trump did not run. But by George W. Bush’s second term in the Oval Office, Trump had become a thorn in the president’s side. In the run-up to Bush’s 2004 reelection, Trump criticized his management of the Iraq war. By 2007, he declared that Bush was “a horrible president — possibly the worst in the history of this country.”

Trump said in the Post interview that he blames Bush for the rise of the Islamic State terrorist group, which has seized parts of Iraq and neighboring Syria.

“I was very much opposed to the war in Iraq,” he said. “The brother went in and destabilized the entire region. If [Jeb’s] brother didn’t do that with Iraq, I don’t think you’d have a destabilized Middle East right now.”

During Jeb Bush’s two terms as governor, even as his business interests expanded in South Florida, Trump shunned him.

“I’ve never tried to click,” he said. “If I devoted time to being friendly with them, don’t you think I’d be friendly with them?”

Instead, Trump cultivated ties to Bush allies in Tallahassee, inviting them to play golf or to dine with him in Manhattan or South Florida.

Recounting one outing with former state House speaker Will Weatherford (R), Trump said: “I think they were more impressed with my golf game than anything else, if you want to know the truth. . . . I shot 72.”

Weatherford said this week that he did not remember Trump shooting 72.

“Mr. Trump seems to always have an optimistic view of his abilities,” Weatherford wrote in an e-mail. “I respect him and his candidacy, but I am a Jeb Bush supporter like most current and former public officials in Florida.”

Ed O’Keefe in Pensacola, Fla., contributed to this report.",1
3240,Rand Paul Supporters Walk Out Of Jeb Bush Speech,"A few dozen Paul backers -- many of whom donned red ""Stand With Rand"" T-shirts -- quietly made their way down the middle aisle and out the door during Bush's speech. Once outside the main ballroom at the Gaylord National Convention Center, where Bush was speaking, they rowdily gathered and denounced the man many see as the Republican Party's leading candidate for president in 2016.

""We're here at CPAC, and I almost think it's a joke having Jeb Bush here because he doesn't stand for conservative principles,"" said Timothy Simons, 21, the Connecticut chairman of Young Americans for Liberty and one of the Paul supporters who walked out.

""I was part of the walkout, and I'll tell you why,"" said Allen Skillicorn, vice chairman of the Kane County Republican Party in Illinois. ""If Jeb Bush is nominated, Hillary Clinton will be the next president of the United States. ... How is he any different?""

""I barely know any Jeb Bush supporters that are our age,"" said Charlton, who was decked out in Paul gear. ""No one our age is getting out there and saying, 'Jeb Bush is the one who will help us bring freedom back to America.'""

Ben Levitt, 23, said he came to Washington all the way from Canada just to check out CPAC. He said he may live an hour from the U.S. border, but he has plenty of views about Jeb Bush and why he's no different than his brother and father.

""More wars, more debt, more government,"" Levitt said of what the Bushes are about. ""I mean, a fiscal conservative can't really say, 'Oh, I really love George W. Bush.' You just can't. I loved it for eight years. I loved the Iraq war and all that. I finally saw the light, so to speak, and got really into Ron Paul and that message.""

Inside the auditorium, Bush was well aware that many young conservatives were hostile to him, a fact that was underscored by the tough questions he got from moderator Sean Hannity. Bush refused to cede potential voters, however, saying of those who were booing, “I’m marking them down as neutral. I want to be your second choice.""

His session was dedicated almost entirely to domestic policy, a departure from many of the other speeches by would-be 2016 presidential candidates at CPAC. Bush touted Florida's economic growth under his leadership from 1999-2007, and gave examples of policies he had enacted that would please conservatives.

On immigration, Bush stressed the importance of securing the U.S. border, and he emphasized that immigration policy should be focused on ""economic-driven immigrants"" who bring specialized skills. He also spoke frankly about the need to create a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants currently in the United States. ""The simple fact is that there is no plan to deport 11 million people,"" Bush said. ""We should give them a path to legal status where they work … and contribute to our society.” Some in the crowd cheered, but there were plenty of boos, too.",1
779,Ryan on meeting with Trump: 'It’s important we don’t fake unifying',"The Republican party was struggling to heal its deep wounds on Thursday, as House speaker Paul Ryan claimed he was “very encouraged” by his meeting with Donald Trump but again declined to endorse him.



In a series of eagerly watched meetings on Capitol Hill that drew placard-waving protesters and hundreds of reporters, the presumptive Republican nominee held peace talks with GOP leaders in a bid to unify around something more than hostility toward Hillary Clinton.

Ryan and Trump issued a joint statement that hailed “a very positive step toward unification”, adding: “We will be having additional discussions, but remain confident there’s a great opportunity to unify our party and win this fall, and we are totally committed to working together to achieve that goal.”

Ryan admitted last week that he was not ready to throw his weight behind Trump, becoming the highest-ranking Republican to withhold his endorsement after a primary election plagued by extraordinary rancour. Despite growing pressure from his own ranks, he declined again on Thursday.

“I think we had a very encouraging meeting,” he told reporters afterwards. “Look, it’s no secret that Donald Trump and I have had our differences. We talked about those differences today. That’s common knowledge.

“The question is, what is it we need to do to unify the Republican party and all strains of conservative wings in the party? We had a very good and encouraging conversation on just how to do that.”

It was important to discuss “core principles” that tie Republicans together, added Ryan, who was running mate to Mitt Romney four years ago and is seen as a possible presidential candidate in 2020.

These included the constitution, separation of powers and supreme court.

“I was very encouraged with what I heard from Donald Trump today,” Ryan said. “I do believe that we are now planting the seeds to get ourselves unified and bridge the gaps and differences, and so from here we’re going to go deeper into the policy areas to see where that common ground is and see how we can operate from those same core principles.”

But he admitted: “This is a process. It takes a little time. You don’t put it together in 45 minutes.”

Asked specifically whether he was endorsing Trump and what was holding him back, the speaker sidestepped by replying: “The process of unifying the Republican party, which just finished a primary about a week ago – perhaps one of the most divisive primaries in memory – takes some time.”



He added: “It’s very important that we don’t fake unifying, we don’t pretend unification, that we truly and actually unify so we are full strength in the fall. I don’t want us to have a fake unification process here. I want to make sure that we really, truly understand each other.”

Trump’s insurgent campaign has put him at odds with the Republican establishment and won him almost 11m votes, giving him a strong hand in the negotiations. An increasing number of Republicans in Congress have called on Ryan to accept the popular will, despite his objections to Trump on both substance and tone, including his call for a temporary ban on Muslims.

Ryan acknowledged: “It’s really kind of unparalleled, I think. He has gotten more votes than any Republican primary nominee in the history of our country and this isn’t even over yet … It’s really a remarkable achievement.”

The challenge is to keep adding voters without subtracting any through a positive vision based on core principles, he added. “Here’s what we agree on: a Hillary Clinton presidency would be a disaster for this country. It’s effectively a third Obama term.”

Ryan met Trump behind closed doors for 45 minutes at the Republican National Committee (RNC) headquarters in Washington along with chair Reince Priebus.

Although he declined to offer specifics on the issues discussed, Priebus described the meeting as a “positive step towards unification” in an interview with MSNBC shortly after its conclusion.

“It was a positive mood, it was a mood of cooperation and a feeling of, it’s time to unify the party. And I think both parties wanted to do that,” he said.

The RNC chair also sought to downplay Ryan’s reluctance to endorse Trump, saying the expectation had been that the primary would continue for another month or two.

“I think everyone was caught a little off guard by how quick it all ended. I think we all were surprised,” Priebus said.

Trump and Ryan were then joined for a second meeting with other members of the House Republican leadership team: majority leader Kevin McCarthy, majority whip Steve Scalise, conference chair Cathy McMorris-Rodgers and deputy majority whip Patrick McHenry.

McMorris-Rodgers, like Ryan, has yet to back Trump as the party standard-bearer, while McCarthy and Scalise have said they will support the nominee.

Trump then met with the Senate Republican leadership at the headquarters of the National Republican Senatorial Committee.

Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell was characteristically mum when returning to the Capitol after his sit-down with Trump, offering only that it was “a very good, constructive meeting”.

John Cornyn, the second-ranking Republican in the Senate, used similar words to describe the meeting in a tweet that showed him posing alongside Trump.

Cornyn later told reporters on Capitol Hill that he expected the party to ultimately unite behind Trump.

Among the issues discussed was immigration, Cornyn added, including Trump’s broader tone on the subject.

“There is a way to talk about these issues that isn’t offensive to people,” he said.

A handful of Republican senators joined Trump’s meeting with the leadership: Roger Wicker of Mississippi, Orrin Hatch of Utah, Deb Fischer of Nebraska, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Rob Portman of Ohio and Jeff Sessions of Alabama.

Sessions, one of Trump’s chief surrogates, has criticized Ryan’s reluctance to endorse Trump.



“I think he made a mistake on that. I’m not sure what was in his mind,” Sessions told reporters on Capitol Hill this week. “But I think that can be repaired.”



Although Senate Republican leaders have been more willing to rally behind Trump, their members find themselves in a decidedly precarious position. Twenty-four Senate Republicans are up for re-election in November, with many facing tough races in key battleground states.

Wicker, who chairs the NRSC, the organization tasked with keeping the Senate in Republicans’ control, has already committed to backing Trump. Following the meeting, the senator reiterated his support for the nominee while adding Trump and GOP leaders had “a very positive and productive conversation today aimed at unifying the party for victory this fall”.



As the lawmakers huddled with Trump for what is expected to be the first of many meetings, protesters gathered outside to show their disdain for the former reality TV star. Professional organisers from Code Pink held up signs stating “Stop hatred against immigrants”, “Islamophobia is unAmerican” and “Trump is a racist”. Other protesters included so-called Dreamers, immigrants brought to the US as children, from the advocacy group United We Dream. A giant Trump mask and a cardboard coffin were displayed.

Hundreds of journalists flocked to the scene of the meeting, even as the Republicans in attendance declined to address the cameras. A handful of lawmakers who did not participate in the meeting did, however, offer their perspective on what to expect as Trump presses forward with his charm offensive on Capitol Hill.

Chris Collins, a representative from New York who is backing Trump, said he was “baffled” at the assertion by some of his colleagues that they would not vote for Trump in November. But he was confident about Trump’s ability to win over those still on the fence through one-on-one meetings.

“People will see the Donald Trump I know, not necessarily the one you see in the rallies,” Collins said.

Trump’s overtures while in Washington extended even to his fiercest critics. South Carolina senator Lindsey Graham, who exited the race in December and has openly declared that Trump would destroy the Republican party, told reporters on Thursday that the two had a “cordial, pleasant” phone conversation.

Graham said the 15-minute call centered predominantly on national security, and he provided Trump with his assessment of the nuclear accord with Iran and the war against Isis.

Steps away from the chaos, Democrats at the US Capitol used the opportunity to portray Republicans as belonging to the “Party of Trump”.

The Senate minority leader, Harry Reid, said the meetings served as “the latest sign that the Republican leaders in both houses are marching lockstep with Donald Trump”.

The Nevada senator aimed his fire in particular at McConnell, who threw his support behind Trump last week when it became all but certain that the real estate mogul had clinched the nomination.

“Donald Trump is everything that the Republican leader and his party could ever want in a nominee. His policy positions are identical to the Republican party platform,” Reid said in remarks on the Senate floor.

He then proceeded to tie the GOP to Trump’s inflammatory rhetoric toward immigrants and women, pointing out that Republicans in Congress have blocked action on immigration reform and policies such as equal pay for women and paid family leave.

“Trump owes his candidacy to the Republican leader and to the policies that he’s led,” Reid said. “It was an obstructionist, anti-woman, anti-Latino, anti-Muslim, anti-middle class, anti-environment, and anti-Obama and anti-everything Republican party of the last eight years that made Donald Trump a reality.”

Reid’s counterpart in the House of Representatives, minority leader Nancy Pelosi, took a similar approach in tying congressional Republicans to Trump.

“Since when have the House Republicans been so concerned about intolerant statements and discriminatory ideas?” Pelosi said at her weekly press briefing on Capitol Hill.

Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said he read Ryan and Trump’s joint statement “with amusement” and commented: “I don’t know anybody here who’s going to lose any sleep over the meeting.”

Earnest told reporters: “Speaker Ryan has described his view that the entire Republican party, including the presumptive nominee, should rally behind the agenda that Speaker Ryan has put forward. I think the reason he may be encountering some difficulty is he’s the speaker of the House. He should be implementing that agenda already.”

He accused the Republicans of inaction over releasing funds to combat the Zika virus, the Puerto Rico financial crisis and the opioid abuse epidemic.

“Unfortunately the Republicans seem much more focused on the elections than they do on embracing the results of the last elections that gave them a majority in Congress.

“If Republicans had much conviction about their agenda, they’d be trying to implement it now” rather than trying to convince Trump and their own members, Earnest added. “I think that’s why there might be skepticism both inside and outside about whether Republicans actually do have a governing agenda.”",1
189,Republicans' fear: 2 more years of gridlock,"Notable names include Ray Washburne (Commerce), a Dallas-based investor, is reported to be under consideration to lead the department.",1
4923,The Worst Case for Republicans: Trump Wins,"Republicans enter the fall campaign in moods ranging from grim foreboding to howling despair. They fear that Donald Trump will not only lose but lose so big he will take hordes of other candidates down with him, costing the GOP control of the U.S. Senate and even the House. This election could be the party's worst debacle since 1964.

Republicans don't seem to have prepared for an even bigger catastrophe that could occur Nov. 8: a Trump victory. In that case, they wouldn't be stuck with him for the next two months. They would be stuck with him for the duration of his presidency, and they would have to answer for him forever.

They are in the position of a bride who, on the eve of her wedding day, knows she's making a mistake. If she backs out, she'll bring a mess down on her head. But if she doesn't, she'll be caught in a snare that will be painful and hard to escape, with consequences she will have years to regret.

The first harm from Trump is that he would be the new identity of the party. Forget the legacy of Ronald Reagan. Never mind what Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan propose. He would be the one defining the national agenda. If President Trump wanted to intern Muslims, launch drones against Mexico or put David Duke up in the Lincoln Bedroom, his fellow Republicans would wear the stain.

One of the miseries they have suffered in recent months is waking up each day anxiously wondering what new folly their candidate is about to commit. It's bad enough having to put up with his insulting of a gold star mother, not knowing that Russia has invaded Ukraine, accusing Barack Obama of founding the Islamic State, and retweeting white supremacists.

But all this amounts to an ignorant egomaniac running his mouth. In the White House, Trump would be acting, not just talking. He would possess powers that can be wielded in all sorts of destructive ways. As Republicans have learned from Obama's use of executive authority, it's hard to stop a determined president from doing whatever he damn well pleases.

Scrap NAFTA? Carry out indiscriminate bombing of the Islamic State? Refuse to come to the aid of a NATO ally attacked by Russia? Bring back torture, using methods that would make Dick Cheney weep?

Turn over decisions to advisers who couldn't find their way out of an elevator if you gave them a map and a compass? Dump Melania and start dating? The question is not whether Trump would make bad choices in the White House—only which ones and when.

Since he wrapped up the nomination, Republicans have been hoping Trump would change his reckless style, listen to people who know more than he does, avoid pointless fights and generally behave like a responsible adult. Their hopes have been in vain. He either can't change or sees no reason to.

Winning the election would turbocharge Trump's worst impulses. He would have new grounds to ignore GOP leaders and indulge his every whim. If that approach gets him elected, why would he behave any differently as president?

Maybe Trump would drag the country through four years of chaos and stagnation, trailing broken promises and aborted schemes. Or maybe he would handle the job so irresponsibly that he would provoke his impeachment and removal—an eminently plausible scenario.

The latter outcome would have some special downsides for Republicans. One is that it would saddle them with the herculean chore of defending him at his worst. Another is that it would derail any policy ideas they hope to advance. Then there's the political cost in the next election.

Compared with these nightmares, a Hillary Clinton presidency would have all sorts of advantages. It would give Republicans a unifying focus, mobilize them to block liberal policies, open the way for new conservative leaders to emerge and offer the party a chance to rebound at the polls in 2018. If she were to be embroiled in a White House scandal brought on by her own disregard for the rules, even better for the GOP.

Republicans might remember British statesman Benjamin Disraeli's explanation of the difference between a misfortune and a calamity. For his chief rival to fall into the river, he said, would be a misfortune. The calamity would be if someone pulled him out.",1
2122,How America is quietly becoming a climate change leader,"Actions by the Obama administration and several states have given the United States momentum in addressing climate change.

Smoke rises from the Colstrip Steam Electric Station, a coal burning power plant in Colstrip, Mont., in this 2013 file photo.

When it comes to the fight against climate change, the United States is often cast as a laggard – if not an outright pariah.

But that portrait is quietly changing.

On one hand, the fundamentals of America’s conflict over the human role in climate change remain unchanged. A cap-and-trade bill to reduce carbon emissions remains a nonstarter in Congress, and 41 percent of Americans say global warming has more to do with natural causes than human activity, according to Gallup.

But executive actions by the Obama administration, combined with a host of new laws in key states, mean that the United States is actually already taking significant action against climate change. Not only are these actions making an appreciable dent in the country’s greenhouse gas emissions, they are beginning to change how other countries see America’s leadership on the issue.

""The fact that the US is taking these issues more seriously than we were doing five years ago, that means other countries are going to take it seriously as well,"" says Richard Revesz, director of the Institute for Policy Integrity at the New York University Law School.

President Obama has made climate change a focus of his second term agenda and a cornerstone of his legacy as a whole. But facing opposition in Congress, he has turned to executive action and regulation, principally through the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).

Mr. Obama's stated emissions pledge – made in partnership with China last winter – is to cut carbon emissions to 26 to 28 percent of 2005 levels within the next decade. The pledge is tied to the Clean Power Plan (CPP) – a suite of new EPA regulations to limit greenhouse gas emissions from US power plants. It is expected to go into effect later this summer.

But what makes the CPP feasible, experts say, is what states have already been doing.

“States have been leading the way for a long time in terms of clean energy,” says Elizabeth Ouzts, a spokeswoman for Environment America, an environmental advocacy group.

Seven states have adopted broad caps on emissions, and 28 states have introduced renewable energy requirements, according to a recent report from Environment America. According to the report, state and federal policies currently in action or about to go into action – including the CPP – can hit the targets laid out in the China deal.

""The path has been paved with state-level success and ambition, and the Clean Power Plan directly rose from the success we’ve seen at the state level,"" says Anna Aurilio, director of the Global Warming Solutions program at Environment America.

She says incidents of extreme weather, such as hurricane Sandy and the ongoing drought in California, have served as wakeup calls.

""People are starting to connect the dots between extreme weather events and the need to act on climate change,"" she says.

The first of several deadlines to comply with the CPP standards is 2020, and most states are already two-thirds of the way toward compliance, says Kenneth Kimmell, president of the Union of Concerned Scientists. [Editor's note: The original version of this story misspelled Mr. Kimmell's name.]

""Most states will exceed that 2020 timeline just based on what they’ve already done,"" he adds. ""We do think states are poised to cost-effectively and successfully comply with the Clean Power Plan.""

That means that American negotiators should be able to walk into the United Nations climate change conference in Paris this December with some momentum.

""We always believed that when the US took action domestically it could lead the rest of the world, and that’s in fact what we’re seeing,"" says Ms. Aurilio of Environment America.

The agreement between China and the US ­– the world's No. 1 and 2 polluters, respectively – helped give America more credibility on the world stage. And the CPP helped give America credibility with China.

""We wouldn’t have gotten the commitment from China if hadn’t looked like we were about to implement Clean Power Plan,"" says Mr. Kimmell of the Union of Concerned Scientists. ""I think our seriousness will result in positive action by other countries.""

He adds that he was in Sweden and Denmark recently, talking with people involved in international climate negotiations.

""There's a recognition that it's real,"" he says, referring to US action on reducing carbon emissions.

Many challenges remain, however. On Monday, the US Supreme Court ruled that the EPA improperly streamlined the regulation process when it established new standards for emissions of mercury and other toxic substances.

The EPA says the ruling “does not affect the Clean Power Plan.” But others say it throws the EPA’s entire regulatory regime into question. Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell (R), who comes from the coal-producing state of Kentucky, said the ruling affirmed his advice to state governors to ignore the new power plant regulations.

Regardless of the varying interpretations of Monday's ruling, the CPP is likely to face both legal and legislative challenges. And the US can’t think that the CPP is enough, says Aurillo.

To keep global temperatures from rising 2 degrees Celsius – the consensus scientific target for preventing the worst consequences of global warming – the US must cut its carbon emissions at least 80 percent below 1990 levels by mid-century.

""We should’ve got started with all these steps 20 years ago; the fact we’re taking them on now means we’re going to have to work harder,"" she says.

But she sees reason to hope.

""We’ve seen countries like China, that have never before constructively engaged, come to the table,"" she adds. ""This is a very hopeful time in what has otherwise been a pretty long period of very little action and progress on the global front, so this is huge.”",1
4401,Immigration Standoff May End With Another Congressional Punt,"Republicans professed they remained resolved not to fund the Department of Homeland Security without provisions reversing President Barack Obama's expansion of deferred action immigration programs that would allow up to 4.7 million potential recipients to stay and receive work authorization. Democrats, meanwhile, showed no willingness to soften their insistence on ""clean"" DHS funding, arguing that Republicans could now pursue their case against Obama in court instead of in Congress.

With just 10 days before DHS funding runs out, the likelihood of a mini-shutdown seemed high on Tuesday. The congressional recalcitrance wasn't abating, and most lawmakers were home in their districts. Monday night's decision by a U.S. district judge in Texas appeared not to have altered the odds. Behind the public pronouncements, however, talk was turning to another way.

U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen's preliminary injunction preventing DHS from moving forward on Obama's executive action sparked a bit of chatter Tuesday about a short-term funding bill for DHS. Such a bill would last months (as opposed to the end of September), would be clean of any policy riders, and would allow the lawsuit filed by 26 states against Obama's immigration actions to play out in court before Congress fully weighs in.

Aides on both sides of the aisle were reluctant to discuss such a deal for short-term DHS funding, saying it had not come up in any serious way during party gatherings. One Republican aide, who like others would only talk on condition of anonymity, said such an option would only be negotiated toward the end of the funding deadline, if no other solutions are available. Even then, the aide added, it was unclear if the GOP would go for it.

""Right now, for many members, this is about setting a precedent for how things operate for the next two years,"" another GOP aide said. Outside groups on the conservative pole said they agreed.

""I think there is going to be a lot of skepticism about moving a clean, short-term"" funding resolution for DHS, said Dan Holler, communications director for Heritage Action for America. ""There is always a promise there will be a fight on something and there is always an excuse to delay that fight. We are in the middle of it right now. ... To lose that momentum and punt for 30 days doesn’t seem like the right thing to do.""

Congress has a rich history of kicking cans down the road. That's what representatives have already done with DHS funding, separating the agency' budget from the rest of the government in negotiations last year to allow for the current debate over Obama's executive action. To do it again would be a remarkable example of indecision.

But Hanen's ruling and a shortened funding bill may just be the type of off-ramp that some Republicans have been seeking to get the DHS issue behind them without incurring the wrath of their conservative base. As Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.), a staunch opponent of Obama's executive actions, said last week: ""My objection to the DHS funding is I don't want to do anything that gives the president the ability to fund the executive amnesty. If a court issues an injunction then I think it would be appropriate for us to consider the possibility of funding appropriations during the pendency of the injunction.""

Any short-term DHS funding bill would inevitably have to win the backing of some Democrats, considering how many Republicans would remain in opposition. But Democratic aides said on Tuesday that they, too, weren't particularly interested in seeing a standoff extended for a matter of months.

Partially, it's because the legal case over deferred action will last far longer than that, making it unlikely that clearer answers will come in the spring. Marshall Fitz, vice president of immigration policy at the Center for American Progress, said the administration's appeal of Hanen's ruling may be decided in several weeks. An appeal on whether states have standing to sue the administration, however, could take up to a half-year. Then there will be separate court proceedings over the legal merits of the executive action, provided standing is proven.

""The fight on DHS is not just about executive action on immigration,"" said a Senate Democratic aide. ""It is do we think Republicans should extract policy concessions for keeping all or part of the government open. Our side says absolutely not.""

The third actor in this saga, the White House, has so far stayed away from the congressional wrangling over DHS funding, except to offer support for Democratic demands for a clean bill. Asked about a stopgap option, a senior administration official told The Huffington Post that the Hill should pass a bill without riders that funds DHS for the full year.

Anything less would go against the public warnings of DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson, who has been emphatic that short-term funding prevents the department from carrying out border security plans, hiring more Secret Service agents and funding new grants for state and local law enforcement.",1
5210,Donald Trump is failing at basically everything right now. This poll proves it.,"Donald Trump has had a very tough three weeks on the campaign trail, from a bad first debate to the “Access Hollywood” video to the recent flood of allegations that he groped and made unwanted sexual advances toward several women.

And yet Trump trails Hillary Clinton by just four points in the new Washington Post-ABC News poll — a number that is pretty par for the course for the 2016 election.

But the Post-ABC poll also makes this clear about what Trump is up to these days: He's doing almost everything wrong, and he's doing nothing to grow his support and actually put himself in a position to win.

Trump has spent the better part of the past week arguing that his comments on tape were just “locker room talk,” attempting to cast doubt on the accusations made against him by an increasing number of women and pressing the case that the Clintons' misdeeds are worse than the ones he's alleged to have committed.

The problem is that a majority of voters are buying none of it.

So why hasn't he lost much ground — at least in this poll (other polls last week showed him losing much more and down double digits)? Part of it is rank partisanship. About 4 in 10 likely voters appear willing to give him a pass on most of the things described above.

Those who appear unconcerned are largely GOP-leaning voters already supporting Trump. And that's probably why he remains at 43 percent in a four-way matchup with Hillary Clinton, Libertarian Gary Johnson and the Green Party's Jill Stein.

But that brings us back to the problem that has plagued Trump since the GOP primary: his inability to grow his support among the general electorate. Trump is doing basically nothing in response to his problems these past few weeks that is being met with broad support.

He has long run, and continues to run, a campaign that is very much focused on the Republican Party base, and that base doesn't seem to have deserted him at this point. But that base alone is also insufficient to win an election in the United States.

Trump remains in this race almost completely despite himself and with an assist from Clinton's own popularity problems. Those are problems, we would note, that are largely due to things she did before this campaign — in contrast to Trump. He'll probably see the head-to-head number from this poll showing him down only four points and think he's doing just fine and could still win.

If so, he will be missing the point entirely.",1
705,"Pro-Trump, anti-Trump groups clash in San Diego","After issuing orders to the crowd of roughly 1,000 to disperse, police began forcefully and aggressively pushing protesters, checking them with their batons. At least 35 people were arrested, police said.

Even as there was no room to move, police officers continued to push protesters and reporters, with some toppling over in the fray. Police pepper-sprayed several protesters.

In a message to the San Diego Police Department, Trump applauded the officers' response to the protesters.

""Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally,"" Trump tweeted. ""Greatly appreciated.""

Some protesters sitting in a public square refused to move as police officers in riot gear moved in, leading to several arrests. The clashes began after Trump supporters flooded into the streets following the event at the San Diego Convention Center. As bottles fly between protesters & Trump supporters, police move in forcefully, pushing people back with batons pic.twitter.com/o9djxKAHAh — Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) May 28, 2016 A few altercations broke out between supporters of the presumptive Republican nominee and protesters opposed to his campaign, particularly Trump's views on immigration. Supporters & protesters now throwing bottles & other objects at each other pic.twitter.com/HOpZvZc5Yr — Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) May 27, 2016 Scores of police officers, clad in riot gear and clutching batons, separated the two groups. As protesters and supporters lingered in the streets, some individuals on both sides began throwing eggs, bottles and other objects at each other. As the situation intensified at moments, with several volleys of bottles being tossed between the sides, police officers moved in, forcefully and at times aggressively pushing back Trump supporters, protesters and media caught in the scrum with their batons. But while some violent altercations did break out, the two sides mostly shouted and chanted at each other. Protesters, some of whom waved Mexican flags, shouted ""F--- Trump"" and immigration-focused slogans. Trump supporters countered with chants of ""USA, USA"" and ""Build that wall,"" prompting responses of ""F--- your wall."" This guy with the Free Hugs sign keeps trying to separate protesters & supporters to prevent fights pic.twitter.com/tyQvbXCfio — Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) May 27, 2016 One man, wearing a ""Free Hugs"" shirt, repeatedly stepped between the two sides, seeking to prevent physical altercations.",1
365,"Liberal pundits blame Debbie Wasserman Schultz, not Bernie Sanders, for Democrats’ division","Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz says Bernie Sanders added fuel to the fire that raged at last weekend’s chaotic Democratic convention in Nevada, criticizing him for choosing to denounce party leaders before condemning violence in a written statement.

“She says that Bernie’s adding fuel to the fire? She just added fuel to the fire,” Jones said Tuesday, shortly after Wasserman Schultz said in an interview that Sanders’s response to reports of a scuffle and threatening behavior by some of his supporters was “anything but acceptable.”

The problem that we have right now is that there has been this concern on the part of Bernie’s people that the DNC has been on Hillary’s side. ... First of all, Bernie did say, in his statement, that he’s against the violence. Also, if you want to talk about violence, only one person’s been arrested — it was a Hillary Clinton supporter, Wendell Pierce, arrested for assaulting a Sanders supporter. So, if you’re going to come out and you’re going to talk about violence and you’re the DNC chair, you have to be fair about it. I don’t think she was fair. I think she actually made it worse now. We have to pull these people together. That did not happen.

MSNBC’s Mika Brzezinski went farther than Jones on Wednesday, calling for Wasserman Schultz to resign.

“This has been very poorly handled from the start,” Brzezinski said. “It has been unfair, and they haven’t taken him seriously, and it starts, quite frankly, with the person that we just heard speaking [Wasserman Schultz]. It just does. ... She should step down. She should step down.”

Fellow MSNBC host Chris Hayes, meanwhile, said Tuesday that it’s clear that Wasserman Schultz’s fingers are on the scale.

“It is clearly the case that when given truth serum, Debbie Wasserman Schultz vastly prefers Hillary Clinton to be the nominee, obviously, and to the extent that there are things that can be done institutionally and marginally to facilitate that outcome, they are being done,” Hayes said.

As the Democratic presidential nominating contest drags on — with the Republican race already over — left-leaning pundits are increasingly pinning the blame for disunity on the party boss, instead of the underdog candidate who refuses to drop out. Sanders might be stubborn, but Wasserman Schultz drove him to it by favoring Clinton from the start. Or so the argument goes. And the situation in Nevada seems to have turned up the heat on some long-simmering tensions.

Top complaints include briefly suspending the Sanders campaign’s access to a voter database and scheduling half as many primary debates (six) as the Republicans did — and putting half of those events on weekend nights, allegedly to minimize exposure and insulate the front-runner.

The database suspension was a penalty imposed after Sanders acknowledged that a staffer improperly exploited a software glitch that allowed him to view confidential voter information held by the Clinton campaign. The DNC eventually sanctioned four additional debates, though only three have been held and there is no date for the fourth.

The left side of the media has been criticizing Wasserman Schultz’s handling of the primary process for a while. “Fire Debbie Wasserman Schultz,” blared a to-the-point headline on the Huffington Post in December. On the same day, Slate declared that “Debbie Wasserman Schultz is acting just like the villain Bernie Sanders says she is.""”

More recently, Esquire’s Charles P. Pierce called for Wasserman Schultz’s ouster in March (though for reasons unrelated to the 2016 primary),

The liberal press isn't alone in its frustration. As The Fix’s Janell Ross wrote in January, “Wasserman Schultz’s list of enemies just keeps growing” — a list that includes some fellow Democrats and progressive advocacy groups. The consternation dates to at least 2014, when Politico’s Edward-Isaac Dovere wrote a lengthy piece about unhappiness with her performance.

As of Thursday morning, a MoveOn.org petition calling for Wasserman Schultz to resign had 76,146 digital signatures. A similar petition at Change.org had 60,525. Another on CREDO Action’s website had 86,291.

It’s clear that Wasserman Schultz is in a difficult spot — one she almost certainly didn’t anticipate at the beginning of the election season. Sanders made the Democratic race far more competitive than anyone imagined. But as he delays the inevitable, Wasserman Schultz finds that she, too, is being cast as a divisive figure by the media.

On top of it all, the perception could be virtually impossible to shake. While Sanders will ultimately be judged by the extent to which he rallies supporters to Clinton in the general election, Wasserman Schultz is already being judged by moves she made early in the primary season that can’t be reversed. Sanders backers might always believe their candidate didn’t get a fair shake, and those accusations will probably be part of Wasserman Schultz’s media narrative for a long time to come.",1
1640,Sanders draws early support for White House bid from long-time union allies,"Democratic presidential candidate and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders is getting support from unions members across the county that includes a mix of long-time political backers and potential voters apparently wary of party frontrunner Hillary Clinton’s relationship with Wall Street and Big Business.

Sanders has already gotten support from one of the country’s most influential labor leaders, Larry Cohen, the outgoing president of the roughly 700,000-member Communications Workers of American.

Cohen cited Clinton’s failure to publicly oppose giving President Obama so-called “fast-track” approval on trade deals under the pending Trans Pacific Partnership legislation, which unions argue, if approved, would send manufacturing jobs overseas.

He also told The Huffington Post that organized labor is not a rubber stamp for the Democratic Party “and certainly not for corporate Democrats.""

And the grassroots group Labor for Bernie 2016 has already pulled support from hundreds of union members with similar concerns.

“While we come from different unions and backgrounds, our goal is a government that carries out the will of the people, not prop up the profits of the 1 percent at the expense of the rest of us,” reads a letter on the group’s website that already has 1,109 signatures.

Some AFL-CIO chapters have also expressed support for Sanders, including ones in South Carolina and Vermont, which has resulted in group President Richard Trumka reminding state and local divisions of the labor federation that only national leadership can announce an endorsement, as reported first by Politico.

Though Trumka was in fact citing existing bylaws, the announcement was seen by some as an attempt to quell the Sanders uprising, considering Clinton and her well established campaign, right now, have a much better shot at beating Republicans in the 2016 White House race.

Democratic-leaning strategist Kelly Grace Gibson told FoxNews.com this week that Clinton and Sanders each have a grassroots following, though perhaps not composed of exactly the same people or groups. And she argued that a unified endorsement like the one the AFL-CIO gave President Obama late in his 2008  primary race against Clinton has a bigger impact.

“The purpose of the whip-cracking is … Trumka is trying to maintain the importance and weight of the endorsement,” she said.

Republican leaning strategist and lobbyist Matt Keelen say that ""at the grassroots level, most Democrats, at least those being talked about in the news anyway, are not particularly thrilled with (Clinton’s) corporatist, crony capitalist, Democratic strategy.”

Clinton, Sanders and fellow Democratic candidate Martin O’Malley, a former Maryland governor, reportedly have been invited to meet privately and separately with the members of the AFL-CIO’s executive council when they gather in late July in suburban Washington.

Meanwhile, Sanders, a progressive, continues to draw large crowds at campaign events, including 10,000 recently in Madison, Wis., more than 2,500 in Council Bluffs, Iowa and 7,500 this week in Portland, Maine.

Sanders also has significantly cut into Clinton’s lead, according to a recent CNN/WMUR New Hampshire primary poll.

The poll shows Sanders has cut the lead from 38 percent to 8 percent in roughly the past two months, 43-to-55- percent, compared to 51-to-13 percent in May.

That Sanders is now getting union support and financial backing is no surprise, considering he has been a long-time champion for organized labor.

The top-5 campaign committees and leadership PACs for Sanders since 2009 are Sheet Metal Workers ($27,500); Communications Workers of America ($23,000); American Postal Workers ($20,000) Unite Here ($20,000) and Machinists/ Aerospace Workers Union ($20,000), according to OpenSecrets.org.

The group LaborUnionReport.com also conducted an informal survey recently in which respondents favored Sanders over Clinton 76 percent to 11 percent and reportedly cited such factors as Clinton's silence on the trade pact, her having worked for the Rose law firm, which helped employers fight unions and her having been a member of the Walmart board of directors.

Still, Sanders, a self-described socialist, will have a difficult path to victory even if he wins the union endorsement, considered essential for any Democratic presidential candidate.

Beyond Clinton’s much larger war chest, she also has a far bigger and more-organized campaign operation and Capitol Hill endorsements.

The Hill reports Clinton has endorsements from at least 26 of the 69 Democrats in the Congressional Progressive Caucus.

“I think it’s clear to say that Clinton is the candidate for most members of Congress and the Democratic establishment,” Sanders told the newspaper.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4958,Why Trump’s warning of ‘rigged election’ isn’t credible,"Donald Trump keeps saying that voter fraud could cost him the election, a charge that threatens confidence in US elections. But there's no evidence the type of fraud he alleges is rampant.

Supporters of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump wait for his arrival at a campaign rally at the University of North Carolina Wilmington on Aug. 9. The GOP presidential nominee claimed Clinton supporters could vote 15 times without a voter ID law.

Donald Trump has been claiming, of late, that if he loses in November, it will be because the election was “rigged.” After all, he says, look at the big, enthusiastic crowds he attracts at his events.

Of course, massive crowds do not necessarily foretell victory. Often they are more a sign of passion and devotion, or the entertainment value of a candidate, and don’t guarantee success – as Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders saw in his losing battle for the Democratic presidential nomination.

Mr. Trump, it appears, is preparing the groundwork to lose, as his poll numbers in key electoral battlegrounds sink. In the meantime, he’s calling on his supporters to register online as volunteer election observers, and in the process is also gathering voter contact information and asking for contributions. So in a way, the “rigged election” cries are just another avenue for voter engagement.

But more ominously, Trump threatens to delegitimize the outcome in November, if he loses and convinces his supporters that Hillary Clinton stole the election. That could undermine the very fabric of American democracy.

“Something like this is unprecedented, as far as I know – where a major presidential contender openly raises doubts about the legitimacy of an election before the vote, and without any evidence,” says Matthew Kerbel, political science chairman at Villanova University in Pennsylvania.

What’s more, it would be “extraordinarily difficult” to rig a presidential election in the way Trump suggests, Professor Kerbel says. “You’re talking about rigging an election in the Electoral College, where you would have to rig a combination of states.""

Perhaps the biggest protection to US elections is their decentralized nature. The US Constitution and federal law give states broad leeway in how they run elections, resulting in a multitude of voting systems, even within states. So to rig the results of a national election at the ballot box or with absentee ballots, a vast conspiracy would be required.

Trump has centered his allegations of planned cheating in a handful of key states. In Pennsylvania, he has bemoaned the fact that the commonwealth does not require a voter to present photo identification to cast a ballot.

“We don't want to see people voting five times, folks,” Trump said last Friday in Altoona, Pa. “I don’t even know, maybe you should go down and volunteer or do something. But without voter ID, there's no way you're going to be able to check it properly.”

Earlier in the week, in Wilmington, N.C., Trump suggested that Clinton supporters could now vote “15 times” for her, given the federal appeals court ruling last month rejecting the state’s voter ID law. The law, which also ended same-day registration and shortened the state’s early-voting period, had a racially “discriminatory intent,” the ruling said.

Trump has also raised the prospect of voter fraud in Ohio, another critical battleground state.

But the kind of cheating Trump envisions on a mass scale is virtually impossible to pull off – including in states that don’t require the showing of a photo ID. Even in such states, to vote 10 or 15 times, one would have to go to 10 or 15 different polling places and provide the names and addresses of people who live in those precincts and had not yet voted.

The call for “Trump Election Observers” creates the appearance that in-person voter fraud is common. But election experts call the rate of such fraud vanishingly small. In 2014, an investigation by Justin Levitt, a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, found only 31 credible incidents of voter impersonation out of 1 billion votes cast in the US between 2000 and 2014.

To put that number in perspective, someone is more than three times more likely to win the jackpot in Pennsylvania's Cash 5 lottery as they are to have impersonated another voter.

What’s more, Professor Levitt points out, people in states with voter ID laws did not have greater confidence in the integrity of their elections than voters in states without such laws.

“The factor that really influences whether people think the elections are fair? Whether their preferred candidates win,” Levitt writes.

Another issue for the Trump campaign is the matter of a 1982 court order that limits the Republican National Committee’s ability to challenge the eligibility of voters at polling places. The order bars the RNC “and its agents” from engaging in voter intimidation, especially in areas with large minority populations. The Trump campaign could plausibly be judged “an agent” of the RNC, says election law expert Rick Hasen of the University of California at Irvine, and thus the Trump observers’ activities could risk violating the order. And that, he says, could extend the order beyond its Dec. 1, 2017, expiration.

Trump’s warnings of a rigged election could have another offshoot: suppressing his own vote. One recent poll shows a decline in the likelihood that Trump supporters will turn out, a trend that election data guru Nate Silver suggests may be linked to Trump’s message about fraud.

In addition, a recent experiment by two academics suggested that the message of a “rigged election” was less effective at mobilizing voters than a more positive message, “registering is quick, easy, and free.”

Trump voters already appear primed to believe that if he loses in November, it will be because the election was rigged. A Bloomberg poll released last week found that 34 percent of all voters, and 56 percent of Trump voters, believe the election results will be rigged.

In a poll of North Carolina voters last week by the Democratic-leaning Public Policy Polling, fully 69 percent of Trump supporters said they believed that if Clinton wins the election, it will be because the election was rigged.

Of course, American history is replete with examples of election hanky-panky over the years, including ballots being cast by dead people.

The contested presidential election of 2000, which boiled down to a 537-vote margin in Florida and ultimately a ruling by the Supreme Court, remains a hotly debated episode. In 2004, some Democrats were convinced that their nominee, John Kerry, was the victim of voter fraud in Ohio – a state that, had he won, would have handed him the election.

What’s different now is that Trump’s charges are being leveled well before Election Day. And he’s not even focused on what could pose a real threat to the integrity of American elections: hackers.

“There’s vital interest in our election process,” Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said at a Monitor breakfast Aug. 3. ""We’re actively thinking about the election and cybersecurity right now.""

In a phone call Monday, Secretary Johnson offered federal assistance to state officials in managing the risk to voting systems.

For Trump, the claim that fraud could swing the election is losing its salience, as his poll numbers head south. Irregularities matter only in a close election, and as of now, it’s not looking close. But no one is calling the election over, and the “rigged election” argument isn't going away.",1
3567,Jihadi John: The bourgeois terrorist,"Peter Bergen is CNN's national security analyst, a professor of practice at Arizona State University and a vice president at New America . He is the author of "" Manhunt: The Ten-Year Search for bin Laden -- From 9/11 to Abbottabad. "" This is an updated version of an article originally published February 19.

(CNN) This is how top national security reporters Souad Mekhennet and Adam Goldman of the Washington Post, who broke the story that Mohammed Emwazi has been identified as the notorious ISIS terrorist known as ""Jihadi John,"" describe him : ""a Briton from a well-to-do family who grew up in West London and graduated from college with a degree in computer programming.""

They go on to say that Emwazi ""was raised in a middle-class neighborhood in London"" and attended the University of Westminster, which is a university in London that was founded in the early 19th century.

Emwazi poses something of a problem for the Obama administration's narrative about who becomes a terrorist and why. Last week, the administration hosted a three-day conference on ""Countering Violent Extremism,"" which is a government euphemism for how best to deal with Islamist terrorism.

We heard from Obama administration officials and even the President himself that terrorism has something to do with lack of opportunities and poverty. Obama said that ""we have to address grievances terrorists exploit, including economic grievances.""

He said, ""when millions of people -- especially youth -- are impoverished and have no hope for the future, when corruption inflicts daily humiliations on people, when there are no outlets by which people can express their concerns, resentments fester. The risk of instability and extremism grow. Where young people have no education, they are more vulnerable to conspiracy theories and radical ideas...""

The President did acknowledge that terrorists can be rich like Osama bin Laden, who was the son of a Saudi construction magnate and attended the top high school and the best university in Saudi Arabia. It's hard to imagine someone with more opportunities. Think the Trump family Saudi-style, minus the bling, and throw in a deep admiration for the Taliban.

But, in fact, Osama bin Laden is more the rule than the exception. Take not only Emwazi/Jihadi John, but also the notorious British terrorist, Omar Sheikh, who attended the London School of Economics and who kidnapped American journalist Daniel Pearl in Pakistan in 2002.

Nearer to home we can also point to the Fort Hood shooter, Maj. Nidal Hasan, who was not only an officer in the U.S. Army and a psychiatrist, but is also from a comfortably middle-class family in Virginia.

These are not the dispossessed. They are the empowered.

""Who becomes a terrorist?"" turns out, in many cases, to be much like asking, ""Who owns a Volvo?""

We found that more than half of the terrorists had attended college, making them as well-educated as the average American. Two of our sample had doctoral degrees, and two others had begun working toward their doctorates.

None of them had attended a madrassa.

Of course, large-scale insurgent groups such as ISIS and the Taliban recruit foot soldiers who join the cause to get a paycheck. But the people running these organizations are in it for ideological reasons.

The diagnosis that poverty, lack of education or lack of opportunities have much to do with terrorism requires a fundamentally optimistic view of human nature. This diagnosis leads to the prognosis that all we need to do to solve the terrorism problem is to create societies that are less poor, better educated and have more opportunities.

Kepel researched the 300 Islamist militants who were tried in the wake of the 1981 assassination of Egyptian President Anwar Sadat. Around one in five were professionals such as engineers, a quarter worked as government employees, just under half were artisans or merchants, one in 10 were in the military or police, and only one in 10 were farmers or were unemployed. Of those who were students, around a third were studying in the elite fields of medicine and engineering.

There are, of course any number of exceptions to the prototypical middle-class terrorist. The terrorists who attacked Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris last month and the Copenhagen café that was hosting the Swedish cartoonist Lars Vilks earlier this month were from the margins of society.

But for every example of poverty or lack of opportunities as a purported rationale for terrorism, it's easy to supply important counterexamples. The ""underwear bomber"" Umar Abdulmuttalab, who tried to set off a bomb on a U.S. passenger jet flying over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009, is the son of one of the richest men in Africa and attended University College London, which routinely rates among the best universities in the world.

Anwar al-Awlaki, the late leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, who tasked the underwear bomber to blow up an American plane over an American city, was studying for his Ph.D. at George Washington University before he took up arms with al Qaeda. Awlaki's father was a Cabinet minister in Yemen.

So if it's clearly not deprivation that is driving much Islamist terrorism, what is?

For that we must turn to ideology, specifically religious ideology. And this is where the Obama administration has to perform some pretzel logic. It is careful to explain that the war on ISIS is not a war on Islam and that ISIS' ideology is a perversion of the religion. Fair enough. But the administration seems uncomfortable with making the connection between Islamist terrorism and ultra-fundamentalist forms of Islam that are intolerant of other religions and of other Muslims who don't share their views to the letter.

The Taliban and other Islamist terrorist groups are not, of course, secular organizations. To treat them as if they were springs from some combination of wishful thinking, PC gone crazy and a failure to accept, in an increasingly secularized era, that some will kill in the name of their god, an all-too-common phenomenon across human history.

Indeed, while ISIS and like-minded groups and their fellow travelers are not representative of the vast majority of the world's Muslims, their ideology is rooted in Salafist ultra-fundamentalist interpretations of Islam, and indeed they can point to verses in the Quran that can be interpreted to support their worldview.

A well-known verse in the Quran commands Muslims to ""fight and slay the nonbelievers wherever you find them, seize them, beleaguer them, and lie in wait for them in every stratagem [of war]."" When bin Laden made a formal declaration of war against ""the Jews and the Crusaders"" in 1998, he cited this Quranic verse at the beginning of his declaration.

ISIS' distinctive black flags are a reference to a supposed saying of the Prophet Mohammed that ""If you see the black banners coming from the direction of Khorasan then go to them, even if you have to crawl, because among them will be Allah's Caliph the Mahdi.""

In other words, coming out of Khorasan, an area that now encompasses Afghanistan, will come an army that includes the Mahdi, the Islamic savior of the world. The parent organization of ISIS was al Qaeda, which, of course, was headquartered in Afghanistan at the time of the 9/11 attacks.

Last year, ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi named himself caliph, which means that in his own mind and in the eyes of his followers he is not only the leader of ISIS but the overall leader of Muslims everywhere.

These beliefs may seem like a crazy delusion to most of us, but it's important to understand that they are theological in nature, and this theology is rooted in ultra-fundamentalist Islam.

ISIS sees itself as the vanguard army that is bringing back true Islam to the world. This project is of such cosmic importance that they will break any number of eggs to make this omelet, which accounts for their murderous campaign against every ethnic group, religious group and nationality that they perceive as standing in their way. ISIS recruits also believe that we are in the end times, and they are best understood as members of an Islamist apocalyptic death cult.

What does that mean for policy makers? It means that the only truly effective challenges to this reasoning must come from Islamic leaders and scholars who can make the theological case that ISIS is an aberration. This, too, is an Islamic project; it is not a jobs project.",1
1463,Don’t underestimate the power of Trump’s rage-fueled rise,"For Democrats who might be rooting for Donald Trump, thinking he would be easy to beat in November, I have some advice: Be careful what you wish for.

In his campaign, or rampage, Trump has done more than take a sledgehammer to the Republican Party. He almost seems to be reinventing politics in a way that makes both major parties seem hidebound, sluggish and concerned mostly with self-perpetuation — which, in fact, they are.

When he announced his candidacy, no one outside of Trump’s household dreamed he would be dominating the Republican field with three weeks to go before the Iowa caucuses. Given the way he has set the agenda for the campaign, it’s tempting to call him a master strategist — except I don’t believe he has a strategy. Or needs one.

Instead, Trump is guided by instinct. The whole campaign has been like his stream-of-consciousness Twitter feed or his improvisational jazz-riff campaign speeches. He tests a new theme and gauges the response. If it’s working, he pushes harder; if not, he moves on. Kick out the illegal immigrants and build a wall on the border. Bar Muslims from entry because they might be terrorists. Abolish gun-free zones, even in schools.

Many of Trump’s positions are abhorrent. Many are inconsistent with traditional American values, Republican Party dogma, various articles of the Constitution and Trump’s own views in the past. But substance is, in a way, less important than style. Trump couldn’t possibly do half of what he promises, and probably doesn’t really want to do much of the rest.

The important thing is that Trump, by being transgressive in the way he speaks, gives listeners the license to be transgressive in the way they think. When he rails against “political correctness,” he’s talking about the manners and courtesies that many of us would call being “civil.” But his in-your-face bullying strikes a chord with the large segment of the Republican electorate that is tired of being polite: lower-middle-class, non-college-educated white voters who have not prospered over the past two decades and see demographic change as a threat.

Trump was quick to understand how angry the Republican base is with the party establishment. Vote for us, GOP leaders said, and we’ll stop illegal immigration, repeal the Affordable Care Act, slash spending to the bone, reduce the long-term federal debt and basically stop everything President Obama is trying to do. They failed to deliver — and now someone is calling them on it.

For Trump, saying outrageous things that would end any other politician’s campaign or career is no risk. On the contrary, it’s a necessity. His appeal to primary voters involves a bald-faced appeal to racial and ethnic animus; he gives his supporters permission to bemoan the fact that “they” — Mexicans and Muslims, primarily, but also African Americans and uppity women — are changing the nation.

Trump’s arena-size rallies have become set pieces in which big, boisterous crowds get to act out their “Make America Great Again” fantasies. If protesters didn’t show up to advocate the Black Lives Matter movement or tolerance toward Muslims, Trump would have to hire actors to play those parts. Antagonists are necessary for the moments of catharsis when interlopers are identified, scorned and physically ejected. It is theater, not politics, a symbolic enactment of the grand purification Trump promises.

The other candidate touching a nerve with the cultural and economic left-behinds — minus the racism — is Sen. Bernie Sanders, the Vermont independent, who is also kind of an un-politician. This is a bad year to rule anything out, so maybe Sanders will win both Iowa and New Hampshire and go on to seriously challenge Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination. But if he falls short, the eventual GOP nominee will face a formidable and experienced politician who cannot possibly run as anti-establishment.

If the Republican nominee is Trump, do you believe for a minute he would consider himself bound by the things he said during the primaries? I don’t.

Trump can hardly back away from his categorical pledge on immigration — to expel 11 million undocumented migrants and build a wall along the border with Mexico — so maybe that would energize Latino voters in support of Clinton. But he would do everything possible to lower passions among other loyal Democrats — while stoking them among the new “take back the country” voters he hopes to turn out.

How disgusted is the country with traditional politics and politicians? Democrats had better explore that question — or be surprised by the answer.

Read more from Eugene Robinson’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook. You can also join him Tuesdays at 1 p.m. for a live Q&A.",1
394,DNC Chair won't run for Senate in 2016,"Wasserman Schultz, chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, told CNN's Wolf Blitzer that she plans to run for reelection for her House seat and serve out her full term as DNC chair.

She is slated to wrap up her term as DNC chair in January 2017 and speculation has swirled around a possible run by the congresswoman.

Wasserman Schultz said she has ""gotten tremendous encouragement from constituents"" in her district, Floridians and donors, but ultimately decided against a Senate run.

Former Gov. Charlie Crist, another Florida Democrat, also said this week that he would not seek the seat currently held by Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who is up for reelection in 2016.

Rubio is eying a presidential run and has said he would not campaign to keep his Senate seat if he decides to run for president. Wasserman Schultz's announcement opens a wider path for two of her Democratic colleagues in Florida's congressional delegation who are considering a Senate run: Reps. Patrick Murphy and Alan Grayson. Wasserman Schultz insisted that Democrats would have a strong field of potential hopefuls to retake the Republican-held seat. ""Whether it's against Marco Rubio or in an open seat there is a real opportunity to make sure that we have the leadership that Floridians can count on,"" she said.",1
1245,Donald Trump wasn’t so anti-Iraq war after all. Quelle surprise.,"Donald Trump has a go-to response whenever someone asks whether the angry impulsiveness he displays on the campaign trail befits a U.S. president — whether voters should trust him with his “finger on the trigger,” as the question is often phrased.

He opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq.

That’s always his answer. And it proves, according to Trump, that behind the bluster is a man of sober judgment who won’t rush the country into a war it will come to regret.

The problem with Trump’s logic is that, in 2002 — before the invasion — he actually said he favored going into Iraq. We learned this Thursday night when BuzzFeed’s Andrew Kaczynski dug up an old interview Trump gave to shock jock Howard Stern, of all people.

In the interview, which took place on Sept. 11, 2002, Stern asked Trump directly if he was for invading Iraq.

“Yeah, I guess so,” Trump responded. “I wish the first time it was done correctly.”

This is a good get. It shows that, once again, Trump is selling revisionist history to his backers.

But it’s also probably unlikely to change the minds of many people. The GOP front-runner has said that he was against the invasion so many times over the course of months that it is cemented as truth for those who support him. Until Thursday night, there hadn't been much reason to doubt Trump's version of events, because there had been scant evidence to contradict him.

And even now, it's likely Trump backers will look at this comment and think, He was put on the spot and didn't give a strong answer; maybe he hadn't thought it through yet and maybe he came to oppose it later.

This what Trump does. He strategically picks claims that are difficult to fact-check. In this case, it took months for someone to find the interview with Stern, which — having been conducted outside the mainstream news media — was tucked away in a place that journalists wouldn’t immediately think to look.

BuzzFeed appears to have been on the case for a while. In September, after Trump said during a debate that he was the “only person up here that fought against going into Iraq,” Kaczynski wrote that “there’s no record of Donald Trump being against the Iraq War before it started.”

True enough. But finding “no record” isn’t the same as finding proof to the contrary, which BuzzFeed didn’t turn up until Thursday. Others have tried to fact-check Trump’s Iraq invasion opposition, too, but they always seemed to be groping around for a way to prove a negative — that the Manhattan billionaire didn’t state his anti-war position as “loud and clear” as he claims today.

Proving a negative is always difficult and often unconvincing. There’s always a chance that you’ll miss something.

That’s what happened in November when the media tried to debunk Trump’s assertion that “thousands” of Muslims in New Jersey celebrated the collapse of the World Trade Center on 9/11. The media was left to prove that something Trump says happened didn’t happen. Reporters did their best, but all Trump needed to vindicate himself among supporters was to turn up a few clips talking about small groups of celebrating Muslims.

It didn’t matter then that Trump’s original claim about 9/11 was a wild exaggeration. And it almost surely won’t matter now that his supposed opposition to the Iraq invasion appears to be revisionist history.",1
5109,The Daily 202: Why Trump sounded more like a strongman than a movement conservative,"CLEVELAND—You could be forgiven for wanting to pop a valium at the end of Donald Trump’s acceptance speech last night. The Republican nominee painted a stark picture of a Hobbesian America that is nasty, brutish and short.

Trump essentially used the most important speech of his campaign – and perhaps political career – to yell fire in a crowded theatre. He warned that we are in “a moment of crisis” and made the case that these desperate times call for desperate measures.

While the message seem tailored to the same disaffected and angry working-class voters who fueled his primary victories, he clearly wanted to convince a national audience that things are so bad right now that they should swallow whatever doubts they have to take a chance on him.

“Beginning on January 20th of 2017, safety will be restored,” he declared.

Trump is the crisis candidate. If voters feel safe, confident and hopeful in November, his team knows he will lose. To win, he does not just need to convince Americans that the country is on the wrong track – they already believe this – but that we are in the midst of an existential crisis.

“The attacks on our police, and the terrorism in our cities, threaten our very way of life,” he said, repeatedly touting himself as “the law and order candidate.”

He spoke of a violent crime wave, murderous illegal immigrants “roaming free,” innocent children “sacrificed on the altar of open borders,” and an America “shocked to its core.” He described the current environment as “more dangerous … than, frankly, I have ever seen and anybody in this room has ever watched or seen.”

Then he suggested that elites are covering up how bad things have gotten. “I will tell you the plain facts that have been edited out of your nightly news and your morning newspaper,” he declared.

Trump also spoke of “growing threats from outside” the country. “After fifteen years of wars in the Middle East, after trillions of dollars spent and thousands of lives lost, the situation is worse than it has ever been before,” he said. “This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton: death, destruction, terrorism and weakness.”

The newly-minted nominee grasped for the mantle of change agent without offering many specifics. “A change in leadership is required to produce a change in outcomes,” he said.

-- Clocking in at 76 minutes, it was the longest acceptance speech at any major party convention since 1972 – drawing comparisons to Fidel Castro. Yet Trump never tried to be uplifting or inspiring.

When he’s not reading from a teleprompter, he can be charming and magnetic. He can also be somewhat self-deprecating, which supporters find ingratiating. But he did not try to be in this setting.

“In a remarkable departure from past GOP conventions, Trump made no mention of God, religion or his faith,” Philip Rucker and David Fahrenthold note.

-- “ Making America Afraid Again” is how David Maraniss sums up the week.

-- The Post’s Editorial Board calls Trump “the candidate of the apocalypse”: “No doubt, for many of his listeners, his words expressed a deeply felt emotional reality. There is real fear in the land; real pain. But it will take real leadership, not the wishful, demagogic brand Mr. Trump embodied Thursday night, to address this.”

-- Many of the claims don’t hold up under scrutiny. Our in-house Fact Checkers challenge the accuracy of 25 different assertions Trump made last night. “The dark portrait of America … is a compendium of doomsday stats that fall apart upon close scrutiny,” Glenn Kessler and Michelle Ye Hee Lee write. “Numbers are taken out of context, data is manipulated, and sometimes the facts are wrong. When facts are inconveniently positive — such as rising incomes and an unemployment rate under 5 percent — Trump simply declines to mention them. He describes an exceedingly violent nation, flooded with murders, when in reality, the violent-crime rate has been cut in half since the crack cocaine epidemic hit its peak in 1991.” (Max Ehrenfreund has more on why Trump’s crime stats were cherry picked and misleading; read an annotated version of the full transcript here.)

“If reality does not conform to what Trump needs reality to be to support his case, he will invent a new reality,” E.J. Dionne writes.

-- An array of key Republican thought leaders expressed angst and alarm about the tenor of Trump’s speech. Here’s a sampling of the reaction:

A conservative blogger in the Never Trump camp:

The editor-in-chief of the conservative Richochet.com:

A GOP pollster who specializes in outreach to young people:

The conservative columnist at the NYT:

The mainstream media was also taken aback by the gloom—

The Financial Times’s U.S. columnist:

A culture reporter for the New York Times:

-- Trump really does want to be the New Nixon.

As promised earlier this week, his speech heavily drew on and echoed Richard Nixon’s acceptance speech at the 1968 convention.

“I am your voice,” Trump said, saying that he will fight tirelessly for millions who have been “forgotten.""

Like Nixon, Trump is clearly motivated by profound grievance and a yearning to be shown respect by elites who have never taken him seriously. He bragged at both the beginning and the end of his speech about how many votes he received in the primaries and how he proved the pundits wrong. ""Oh, we love defeating those people, don’t we?” he asked the crowd. “I am with you. I will fight for you. And I will win for you.”

“I wonder what my dad would think of my tremendous success,” Trump said late in the speech. But he did not sketch out autobiographical details that could have made him more relatable. In Nixon’s 1968 RNC speech, for instance, he spoke poignantly about being a poor boy in California listening to the train go by at night and dreaming of a better future. We got nothing like that from Trump, perhaps because the billionaire does not have those kinds of stories to tell…

-- A textbook cult of personality: Trump did, however, present himself as a white knight who is singularly capable of restoring order.

“Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone can fix it,” he insisted.

“I have a message to every last person threatening the peace on our streets and the safety of our police,” he said at another point. “When I take the oath of office next year, I will restore law and order to our country. Believe me. Believe me.”

Wonkblog’s Jim Tankersley compares the text of Trump’s speech last night to Reagan’s speech at the GOP convention in Detroit in 1980: “Most strikingly, Reagan warned voters to place their faith in free people, not powerful leaders. ‘'Trust me' government asks that we concentrate our hopes and dreams on one man; that we trust him to do what's best for us,’ he said. ‘My view of government places trust not in one person or one party, but in those values that transcend persons and parties. The trust is where it belongs -- in the people.’”

In this vein, Post opinion blogger Alexandra Petri describes the final night of Trump’s convention as a “creepy, fascist infomercial”: “Donald Trump is selling America a miracle juicer. The juicer is Donald Trump. It is orange and it will never let you down. If you order now, Donald Trump will send you another one free.”

-- More broadly, Trump clearly believes in his heart that government is the solution to our problems. This is, of course, should be anathema to intellectually honest movement conservatives and is totally at odds with 36 years of orthodoxy.

The political editor at BuzzFeed, who previously wrote for the conservative Free Beacon:

-- Trump rejected other core tents of modern conservatism, as well. “Americanism, not globalism, will be our credo,” he said.

-- But Trump now owns the Republican Party – at least until November. The audience cheered and applauded for a lot of lines that conservatives in the not distant past would have booed a Democrat for saying. He sounded protectionist and isolationist themes. Sure, not everyone was applauding. And perhaps some in the audience didn’t understand what exactly he was referring to. But the crowd was with him.

-- Trump’s alarmism makes it imperative for Democrats to offer a counter-narrative next week.

Most Democrats are still far too dismissive of Trump’s chances. They discount him at their own peril. Just ask Jeb, wherever he’s hiding out this week.

Remember Bill Clinton’s speech at the Charlotte convention in 2012? He effectively laid out the case that the economy had improved dramatically compared to what Obama had inherited when he took office in Jan. 2009.

Obama himself speaks next week in Philadelphia, and you can bet he’ll try to rebut the picture that Trump painted of the economy and the country.

-- It’s all over but the SHOUTING. My ears are still ringing a little bit after Trump basically yelled his entire speech. A lot of male pundits have taken heat for saying Clinton shouts when she talks; these guys ought to call out Trump for doing so last night.

A ton of online buzz was about the yelling—

-- To his credit, Trump again showed he can be self-disciplined when he wants to be – for a night. Normally he ad-libs in response to a chanting crowd, but he mostly kept chugging along and sticking to the script. As the crowd chanted “lock her up” – a mantra of this convention – Trump didn’t take the bait. “Let’s defeat her in November,” he replied.

A few minute later, a protestor to his left disrupted his speech and held up a sign that said “Build bridges, not walls.” Trump stood patiently, if a little perturbed looking, as the crowd drowned her out with chants of “USA.” At a normal rally, he’d rile up the audience into a frenzy by yelling, “Get ‘em out of here!” But last night, he took a dramatic pause before bellowing, “How great are our police?” The crowd loved it.

-- Looking to the next 100 days, many Republican experts believe Trump did little to expand his appeal beyond the base. “It may be that this speech was so unusual–relentlessly negative and high decibel–that it will punch through more the analysts realize,” National Review Editor Rich Lowry writes. “But it’s hard to believe it’s going to widen his appeal. He didn’t even seem interested in trying to show voters that he has more range than he is shown over the last year. This was a Trump rally dressed up with fancy trappings and a ballon drop afterwards. Surely, Trump’s attitude is that this approach got him this far so why change? And that is the gamble of his entire campaign.”

The former communications director for the NRSC:

-- A coming out party for the GOP:

Another notable moments from last night that will be remembered was when billionaire PayPal founder Peter Thiel told the convention, “I am proud to be gay. I am proud to be a Republican. But most of all, I am proud to be an American.” It was the first declaration of its kind, and most of the delegates stood and cheered.

Then, in his speech, Trump referred to the massacre of “49 wonderful Americans” at a gay nightclub in Orlando and promised to “protect our LGBTQ citizens.” The crowd cheered.

Trump paused. “As a Republican, I have to say, it is so nice to hear you cheering,” he said.

What a sea change. The official party platform, ratified earlier this week, continues to oppose gay marriage. But the times, they are a changin’.

Even the running-mate Trump picked to appeal to social conservatives got in on it:

WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING:

WE MAY FIND OUT HILLARY'S V.P. CHOICE THIS AFTERNOON, even though she is not expected to formally announce her choice until tomorrow:

-- The headline in The New York Times is “Tim Kaine Seems Likely for Hillary.” The Wall Street Journal says “Kaine Seen as Clinton’s VP Pick.” The AP’s Ken Thomas and Matthew Barakat write that “Kaine, 58, has been a favorite … since the start.”

-- The timing: Kaine has a series of fundraisers scheduled in Massachusetts on Friday and Saturday. “If the Virginia senator cancels, that’s a strong indication he’s been picked,” the Boston Globe’s Annie Linskey reports. “Kaine’s first fundraiser is set for noon Friday at the University of Massachusetts Club in Boston. On Saturday Kaine is scheduled to be on Nantucket at the Chanticleer Garden for a 5:30 pm reception.""

“Text messages could go out from the campaign announcing the pick as soon as Friday after an event she’s holding here in Orlando,” Linskey adds. “Clinton is appearing at the site of the Pulse nightclub shooting this morning, making it unlikely that a selection would be announced before then.”

-- Elizabeth Warren does not think it’s her: ""I think if it was me, I'd know it by now,"" the Massachusetts senator told Stephen Colbert last night.

-- Some Democrats caution against discounting Tom Vilsack, per John Wagner and Anne Gearan.

-- There’s a push among some lefties to prevent HRC from picking Kaine or Vilsack. They grumble that the Virginian is too close to the financial services industry and the Ag secretary is too close to “corporate agri-business.”

-- Kaine signed a bipartisan letter just this Monday urging the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to “carefully tailor its rulemaking” regarding community banks and credit unions so as not to ‘unduly burden’ these institutions with regulations aimed at commercial banks, Anne Gearan reports. “At issue are compliance rules under Dodd-Frank.” Kaine also signed a second letter on behalf of regional banks seeking relief from liquidity reporting requirements. Critics say both requests help banks of many sizes avoid oversight.

-- Kaine brushed the criticisms aside: “People are going to say whatever they want, but I’m strongly for the regulation of the financial industry,” he told reporters in Northern Virginia. “If you spend a lot of time over regulating credit unions and community banks, you are basically letting a lot of the big guys off easily.”

-- Kaine also said he’s undecided on TPP and still open to voting for it. “I see much in it to like,” he told The Intercept, calling the deal an “upgrade” of labor standards, environmental standards and intellectual property protections. But he also voiced concerns about the “dispute resolution mechanisms.”

-- Teasing reporters, Clinton tweeted pictures of Cory Booker from her official account:

THE OLYMPICS ARE SHAPING UP TO BE A DEBACLE:

-- Waterways surrounding Rio’s Olympic Park are so sewage-infested and filthy that they “bubble with sulfur and methane gases,” while dead fish float atop the surface. There are public health concerns for athletes and visitors. (Dom Phillips)

-- Ten people suspected of planning terrorist attacks during the games were arrested. Members of the gang had declared loyalty to ISIS and were in negotiations to buy an assault rifle over the internet. (Dom Phillips)

-- Researchers found traces of Zika occurring in the common “Culex” species of mosquito in Brazil, a potentially alarming discovery that could portend wider transmission of the virus. (Dom Phillips)

-- Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan both publicly disagreed with Trump for saying the U.S. would not necessarily come to the aid of a NATO ally if it is invaded by Russia. The Senate Majority leader called NATO “the most successful military alliance in the history of the world” in a Facebook chat with The New York Times. “The speaker believes the U.S. should defend our NATO allies,” a Ryan spokeswoman said. “My hope is that if Donald is elected president, we can convince him to change his mind on it,” said Marco Rubio. “I’m 100 percent certain how Russian President (Vladimir) Putin feels,” said Lindsey Graham. “He’s a very happy man.” (AP)

-- “The ‘alt right’ finds a home inside the Republican convention,” by David Weigel: Geert Wilders strolled toward Quicken Loans Arena, drawing the usual amount of double takes. “‘He heads the Freedom Party in the Netherlands,’ [Rep. Steve King] explained to a delegate who was wondering about the fuss. … In another year the far-right Wilders would not have made it past the perimeter. He has proposed moratoriums on new Muslim immigration to his country and a similar halt on mosque construction. But the rise and nomination of [Trump] had inspired Wilders — and expanded his American fan base. He was just one of many people who might have been labeled extremists, and whose views are rejected by the old elite of the Republican Party, but who attended the convention and related events with a sense that their politics were finally winning.”

Many members of “racially conscious” and anti-immigrant alt-right movement came to Cleveland to celebrate Trump’s hostile takeover of the GOP. ""They held meetings, co-hosted parties and happily met the news media. Richard Spencer, the president of the National Policy Institute, held a cheeky sign encouraging journalists to “interview a ‘racist.’”

-- As Ted Cruz continued to dig in on his refusal to endorse Trump, the nominee said the crowd booing the Texas senator is evidence that the GOP has coalesced behind him. From Sean Sullivan and Philip Rucker: Addressing donors at a closed-door lunch, Trump said that he, Reince Priebus and campaign chairman Paul Manafort knew what they were doing when they let Cruz speak. ""I am not going to call him Lyin' Ted anymore, but he did sign the pledge and it was pretty definitive. He isn't a team player,” Trump said, people in the room told Sean Sullivan and Phil Rucker report. “At the Thursday lunch, Trump also called criticized Jeb Bush and John Kasich, who skipped the convention and are not backing Trump. ‘If I got beaten as bad as Kasich got beaten by me I wouldn’t support him either,’ Trump said of Kasich … Trump praised Marco Rubio and Rick Perry, who voiced support for Trump during their convention remarks. Rubio delivered brief remarks in a pre-recorded video and did not attend. Trump also took a dig at Mitt Romney.”

-- Cruz manager Jeff Roe, responding to Chris Christie criticism of his boss’s speech, said the New Jersey governor ""turned over his political testicles long ago."" (The Chris Stigall Show)

-- Donald Trump Jr. said they can win without Cruz’s endorsement: “We knew what was coming. We let him do it. We were the bigger men,” he told NBC.

-- Trump ally Roger Stone suggested that The Donald could back a primary challenger to the Texas senator when he’s up for reelection in 2018. (Huffington Post)

-- A lip reader told “Inside Edition” that, as Cruz walked off stage, Trump can be seen on video asking his daughter, “Do you think I made a mistake?”

-- Ross Douthat praises Cruz in his NYT column: “The future is (unknown) — but you can make sure that when the history of the present year is written, your place won’t be with those timid and temporizing souls who surrendered both their party and their dignity to Trump. That’s what Cruz earned himself last night: not a better chance at the presidency, but a profile in political courage that will be remembered no matter what happens to his political ambitions henceforth. And it’s yet another irony of this most ironic year that it would be the most overtly Machiavellian of Republican politicians who would keep his honor, and pass a test that so many politicians of more conspicuous high-mindedness have failed.”

-- Though Mike Pence’s Cleveland introduction speech was overshadowed by Cruz, many conservatives were nonetheless impressed -- and see him as a tame, straight-laced figure to help balance Trump. Support for the Indiana governor has grown since Trump's prolonged and awkward roll-out of his running-mate.

-- “Pence’s role: Be to the GOP what Trump cannot,” by Ed O'Keefe: “Indiana Republican Craig Dunn said that his state’s governor ... ‘is going to be a firefighter’ — extinguishing political blazes caused by Trump. Pence is widely expected to carry out the key duty of defending Trump among Republicans still skeptical of his candidacy. He is likely to be called on to clarify Trump’s ever-shifting views on policy ... In the coming weeks, Pence plans to play an active role as one of the main conduits between the Trump operation and the GOP donor class.""

-- Trump settles on a preferred Super PAC. There have been half a dozen entities jockeying to be the main pro-Trump vehicle, which has confused donors and hampered fundraising, Matea Gold reports. There’s also been confusion since the nominee spent the primary season trashing Super PACs. “Trump and his running mate have both expressed willingness to headline fundraisers for Rebuilding America Now, according to Ken McKay, the group's chief strategist (formerly Chris Christie’s campaign manager). Such appearances are permitted by the Federal Election Commission, as long as the candidates do not solicit more than $5,000. Pence offered an explicit statement of support for the group that was shared during a presentation to several dozen donors at the Ritz-Carlton Wednesday.” The group aims to raise $100 million.

-- The Trump campaign said it raised $3.5 million in a 24-hour period that included Pence’s acceptance speech. While impressive, that’s still less than half the $6.4 million Bernie Sanders raised in a 24-hour period after winning the New Hampshire Democratic primary, Matea notes.

--  Bloomberg got ahold of the guest lists for six of the suites in Cleveland: “Some names were predictable, like Sheldon Adelson … Others are more surprising, like Todd Ricketts, whose family spent millions of dollars bankrolling an anti-Trump campaign during the Republican primary. Ricketts, whose family owns the Chicago Cubs baseball team, attended the convention as an Illinois delegate and was invited to a suite because of his longtime support for the party, despite not having contributed to Trump … Two other prominent anti-Trump donors, Paul Singer of New York and Richard Uihlein of Wisconsin, were also represented. While Singer skipped the convention, his staffers were in town and made the guest list of a suite for convention donors.” See the six-page list here.

-- “FEC Dems trolling for violations at GOP convention t-shirt stands,” from the Washington Examiner: “Democrats on the Federal Election Commission are trolling through the Republican National Convention looking for violations of elections laws, even at the t-shirt stands. Commissioners Ann Ravel and Ellen Weintraub are here looking into what vendors are offering and if they are following the rules. They are paying attention to groups also looking for violators at the convention. Weintraub even took a picture, posted on Twitter, of one vendor's stand and wrote, ‘We're on it — RNC vendors appear to be compliant!’ She was reacting to a tweet from a staffer for the Sunshine Foundation who is also here searching for violations big and small.”

-- Trump’s Muslim ban continues to evolve: “We must immediately suspend immigration from any nation that has been compromised by terrorism,” he said, “until such time as proven vetting mechanisms have been put in place.” He did not specify what that means. Hasn’t France been “compromised by terrorism,” for instance? But the line played well with the crowd.

— ZIGNAL VISUAL: Zignal Labs tracked more than 6.4 million cross-media mentions of the Republican convention. On social media, at least, Melania Trump's plagiarism was the hottest story of the convention. That was followed by Cruz's snub of the nominee. Thursday tied Tuesday for most convention-related mentions, at 1.7 million.

Among the ""undercard"" speakers, Peter Theil received the most online reaction:

Here's some of how Clinton's campaign responded:

Ivanka Trump, the candidate’s oldest daughter, tried to present her dad as a champion for working moms. “I do not consider myself categorically Republican or Democrat,” the 34-year-old said. “More than party affiliation, I vote based on what I believe is right for my family and my country.”

Oh boy -- this gif of Trump touching his daughter awkwardly... (click to watch):

-- In case you were wondering,  Sanders plans on being ""a unifying force"" in Philadelphia. A spokesman said he has “no plans” to channel Cruz and snub Clinton. “He’s not Ted Cruz, in so many ways,” said Michael Briggs. He'll host a pre-Philadelphia meeting with many of the 1,900 delegates representing him to talk about what ""he’s accomplished in the past year and where we go from here,"" per John Wagner.

Here's video of the Code Pink protester who made it into the arena (click to watch):

In response to online chatter that she made a Nazi salute while speaking at the convention, Laura Ingraham posted this:

The RNC's chief strategist agreed -- live on television -- with a congressman that Cruz is an ""a--hole"":

Neocons are falling away from the GOP because of Trump and his comments about NATO:

Estonia's president, whose country's very survival Trump threatened with his flip comment, responded as well:

Another scene from Cleveland, via the Washington Examiner:

Outside of Cleveland, Michele Bachmann posted this about Black Lives Matter:

On the campaign trail: Clinton is in Orlando and Tampa, Fla.

At the White House: Obama holds a bilateral meeting with Mexico President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico, followed by a joint press conference.

On Capitol Hill: The Senate and House are out.

NEWS YOU CAN USE IF YOU LIVE IN D.C.:

-- Expect SCALDING hot temps to usher us into the weekend, per the Capital Weather Gang’s Friday morning forecast. “Ready to rumble in the heat dome? Mid-to-upper 90s for afternoon high temperatures feel closer to 100+ (even by lunch hour!) thanks to nearly-oppressive dew points near 70 degrees. Any early clouds dissipate quickly, but we could have another batch of clouds during the afternoon give us some natural shade at times. Isolated thunderstorms, especially north of town, can’t be ruled out completely.”

-- The Nationals lost to the Dodgers 6-3.

-- A transit union is suing Metro on behalf of Seyoum Haile, a Metro mechanic who was fired after last year’s deadly L’Enfant Plaza smoke incident. Union officials are seeking reinstatement for Haile, saying his actions should have only resulted in a temporary suspension. (Martine Powers)

-- George Washington University said it is bringing in outside counsel to assist in investigating allegations against men’s basketball coach Mike Lonergan, after players complained about “verbal and emotional abuse” and player mistreatment by the six-year-coach. (Des Bieler)

-- A 68-year-old man was pumping gas in Southeast D.C. yesterday morning when a robber walked up and shot him. Then he hopped into his car and sped off in broad daylight. Police are calling it “senseless murder.” (LaVendrick Smith and Lynh Bui)

Michelle Obama did carpool karaoke with James Corden and Missy Elliott:

The Saturday Night Live cast put together a bunch of sketches from the convention:

Go inside the convention in 360 degrees with The Post's video team:

In this pro-Clinton video, a Trump impersonator tweets instead of picking up the red phone:

""Young Turks"" host Cenk Uygur went off on Alex Jones after Jones crashed his livestream at the convention:

Watch video footage of the moments before an unarmed therapist Charles Kinsey was shot by North Miami police:

Kinsey spoke about the shooting from the hospital:

This six-year-old stole the show at the convention with her rendition of ""America the Beautiful"":",1
906,Delegates face death threats from Trump supporters,"""One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,"" he said.",1
5098,Hillary Clinton poised to reveal VP pick,"Miami (CNN) Hillary Clinton is poised to reveal her vice presidential candidate Friday in a message to supporters, people close to the search say, and is planning to make her first appearance with her running mate at a campaign rally in Miami on Saturday.

Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia has emerged as a leading contender after a methodical search, several Democrats close to the campaign say, receiving spirited backing from President Barack Obama and former President Bill Clinton.

In selecting the battleground of Florida to make her public announcement, Clinton is hoping to seize the spotlight from Republicans after their convention in Cleveland. She is set to visit Orlando and Tampa on Friday, but her new partner is not expected to join her until Saturday at a rally here at Florida International University, where the student body is more than half Hispanic.

Kaine speaks fluent Spanish, and last week, Clinton beamed at a Virginia rally as he declared: ""Estamos listos para Hillary!"" or ""We are ready for Hillary!""

Clinton has yet to reveal her choice beyond her tight inner circle, fearful of it leaking before a well-orchestrated weekend rollout is set into motion. Her campaign, looking to build their email and text list, has offered supporters the chance to be the ""first to know"" their vice presidential pick, much like Barack Obama did in 2008.

The focus of her search in the final days also centers on Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, according to several Democrats close to the process, confident either Kaine or Vilsack would fit her chief criteria of being a strong governing partner and ready for the presidency.

""She's not going to be waffling at the 11th hour like (Donald) Trump,"" one Democrat close to the process said, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the secrecy surrounding the selection. ""By now, she knows who she wants and will be confident in her choice.""

She also was considering Labor Secretary Tom Perez, who would be the first Hispanic candidate on the party's ticket, or Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey, who would be the first African-American vice presidential nominee. Democrats close to the process said Perez and Booker had considerable strengths, far beyond their diversity, but their limited experience in national security and government made them less likely to be selected.

The consensus, even among several Democrats close to other finalists, is that Kaine will be tapped as Clinton's vice presidential candidate. Yet others close to Clinton still cautioned against counting out Vilsack, who has the most state and federal governing experience and the longest personal relationship with Clinton.

For Clinton, the selection of a running mate opens a new and important chapter in her political life.

Her first presidential campaign ended long before any serious consideration of a running mate began, so this phase of her campaign is uncharted terrain, a moment where she can choose her own partner.

She was deeply involved in the selection of Al Gore to be her husband's running mate in 1992, but this choice is hers. Her husband favors Kaine, people close to him say, but one added this week: ""He gets a say, but doesn't have a vote on this.""

The weekend debut of the Democratic ticket is designed to build anticipation for the party's convention starting Monday in Philadelphia. After they are formally nominated, Clinton and her new running mate are expected to embark on a bus tour to key campaign battlegrounds, similar to the ""First 1,000 Miles"" caravan in 1992 that took the Clintons and Gores to eight states on their way to winning the White House in November.

For her part, Clinton has intentionally not informed anyone who has gone through the vetting process of her final decision, Democrats close to the process said, in hopes of keeping her choice a secret until the last possible moment.

Booker, who often fires up audiences for Clinton, appeared with other Democrats in Cleveland on Thursday to push back against Trump and Republicans, who have spent the week assailing her character.

""I don't know who the nominee is,"" Booker told CNN's Jake Tapper Thursday. ""The good thing about it is she has tremendous choices.""

But two Democrats close to Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and one close to Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio, both of whom were on Clinton's list of contenders, said Thursday they were all but certain they had not been selected.

Warren told Stephen Colbert on CBS' ""Late Show"" that she thought ""if it were me, I would know it by now.""

All the finalists have met with Clinton at different times, Democrats close to the process say, including Perez, Booker and Warren during one-on-one meetings last Friday at Clinton's home in Washington. But this week, the Clinton campaign had a meeting with top Warren aides, trying to work out a surrogate schedule for her for the rest of the summer and fall, leading Warren's team to believe she had not been chosen.

The selection of either Brown, Warren or Booker would influence the balance of power in the Senate. Their replacement would be named, at least initially, by a Republican governor in their state, and Clinton is intent on trying to win a Democratic majority in the Senate.

Clinton started this process before her primary fight with Bernie Sanders ended with what aides described as a ""fluid"" list, including several potential running mates. Several were eliminated, including Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro and James Stravidis, the former supreme allied commander of NATO and a retired four-star Navy admiral.",1
4995,"As His Campaign Crumbles, Trump Is Spending His Day Fighting With MSNBC's Joe Scarborough","Donald Trump’s presidential campaign is literally losing red states by the day, so what is the Republican presidential nominee doing? He is sending angry tweets to MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough.

Instead of dealing with the fact that his campaign is literally burning to the ground, Donald Trump is once again planted in front of his TV obsessing over his media coverage.

In case anybody thought that Trump’s tweet at Scarborough was one-off today, the Republican nominee also attacked CNN’s Don Lemon:

A day after threatening the life of his Democratic opponent, Donald Trump isn’t trying to fix his campaign. Instead, Trump is whining about the media and his coverage.

Trump exists in his own universe. The presidential campaign is a distant second in his mind to his endless cravings for positive attention and publicity. Hillary Clinton is making a play for the deep red state of Utah, while Donald Trump is busy angry tweeting at Joe Scarborough and Don Lemon.

The Republican Party might have been better off with no nominee at all because they are being run into the ground by fraudulent businessman Donald J. Trump.",1
4871,How Hillary Clinton could win,"This is the second of a two-part series looking at the path to victory for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Click here for the first story: How Donald Trump could win

(CNN) Hillary Clinton has advantages heading into the final stretch of the campaign that any presidential candidate would envy: a fleet of popular surrogates, a mountain of cash and an opponent who is often sidetracked by self-inflicted wounds.

Yet the Democratic nominee enters this home stretch in a dead heat against Donald Trump, according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday.

The close contest heading into the fall underscores Clinton's vulnerabilities on trust and honesty -- and her need to summon a relentless and efficient ground game, even if many of her voters are fueled more by revulsion toward Trump than excitement about her.

But in many ways, the nation's changing demographics make this Clinton's race to lose.

""In a sense, Trump can't win this election,"" said veteran pollster Neil Newhouse. ""But Hillary can lose it.""

In order to succeed where 17 Republican candidates failed to beat Trump, Clinton must maintain an incessant focus on her unpredictable rival and persuade voters that he lacks the temperament, character and knowledge required of a potential commander-in-chief.

Clinton has already adopted an aggressive approach this week. She's held briefings for reporters on her new campaign jet two days in a row. She slammed Trump's character and failure to release his tax returns. And she blasted his business career, which is at the center of his campaign as full of ""scams"" and ""frauds.""

That is one way of trying to keep the conversation away from the private email server and accusations about the Clinton Foundation that appear to have hurt her standing in recent weeks.

""I don't really pay attention to polls,"" she told reporters on her plane Tuesday. ""When they are good for me, and there have been a lot of them that have been good for me recently, I don't pay attention. When they are not so good, I don't pay attention. We are on a course that we are sticking with.""

A senior Clinton campaign official predicted single-digit battles across the swing states that will decide the election. But ultimately her campaign stresses it expected a close race and single digit battles in swing states, but believes it has multiple routes to 270 electoral votes and that Trump has a much narrower path

Some Clinton critics have, however, warned that her approach in August -- spending much of the month fundraising away from TV cameras after the Democrats' successful convention in Philadelphia -- lacked the go-for-broke energy of her rival.

""Trump is running a high-risk campaign right now. They have to, because they are behind and have eight weeks to go,"" Newhouse, who was a pollster for 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, said before Clinton upped the pace after Labor Day.

""I don't think her campaign has shown any real guts or faith in their candidate. They're not bold. They are setting themselves up for a potential loss by a thousand cuts.""

It is without dispute that the hurdles for Trump are enormous. With assistance from teleprompters, he has becomed more disciplined as a candidate, but he has yet to convince voters in swing states, where Clinton leads most polls, that he is fit to be president.

For Clinton, the demographics of the electorate work in her favor, and she appears to be reassembling the Obama coalition that was decisive in the 2008 and 2012 elections. She leads Trump among voters under the age of 45 by 54% to 29% and among non-whites 71% to 18%, according to the CNN/ORC poll.

Democratic strategist and pollster Celinda Lake noted that Trump has consistently trailed by about 12 points where Romney was among married women in 2012. Romney also ran strong among white women -- and led President Barack Obama in exit polls among white women 56% to 42%.

Trump's campaign has yet to show any real effort to improve his image among women, beyond his attempt to appear more moderate with his minority outreach to African-Americans.

Trump is also some 20 points behind his Democratic opponent among college-educated women, Lake said, compared to Romney and 2008 GOP presidential nominee John McCain, who were about 5 and 8 points behind, respectively.

Beyond that, the demographic where Trump runs strongest -- non college-educated white men -- is dropping as a share of the electorate each year.

""So he is relying on an ever-diminishing pool of votes, where she is relying on an ever-expanding portion of votes,"" Lake said. To win, she said, ""He would need to win the first debate; he would need to have a collapse of Democratic turnout; and he would really need to close the race with independents and women.""

The likelihood of those factors falling into place is slim. But the one way to put the race in reach for Trump, she said, ""is to assume that it's out of reach.""

So the key for Clinton will be getting those vital constituencies out to vote. That's where her high-powered roster of surrogates comes in.

Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and her primary foe Bernie Sanders remain highly popular among key sectors of the Democratic coalition.

They will be vital to driving up swing-state turnout in Democratic strongholds like Cleveland, Philadelphia, Northern Virginia, Richmond, Virginia, and parts of Florida that could decide the election.

Clinton is certain to seize on any foreign policy or temperamental missteps by Trump to bolster her argument that her foe is a ""loose cannon"" who can't be trusted with America's nuclear arsenal.

His efforts to reach out to minorities in recent weeks have managed, in some cases, to further alienate them. His campaign has yet to demonstrate it can string together, not just a couple of good days, but a good two months, given his disadvantages on the electoral map.

And beyond just having a good first debate later this month, Trump must force Clinton into making some mistakes to have a chance of winning, strategists said.

The two candidates face similar hurdles in the sense that both may find it almost impossible to change voters' opinions about them at this point. After all, Clinton and Trump are the most unpopular nominees of any major party in memory.

Both Clinton and Trump are widely distrusted. In the CNN/ORC survey, only 42% had a favorable impression of the former secretary of state while the real estate mogul was barely better with 45%.

Clinton clearly has work to do on the trust issue, though. Fifty percent of voters said Trump was more honest and trustworthy. Only 35% chose Clinton.

""People just don't trust Hillary Clinton, and they don't trust her -- not on the basis of one single thing -- but on the basis of whole collections of things going back over 20 to 30 years,"" said Democratic pollster Peter Hart, noting that voters cite an array of her controversies from Whitewater to her email server.

The trust factor -- as well as the sense among many voters that they can't relate to Clinton or understand her as person -- loom as challenges for the former secretary of state, because there is no one thing she can do in the next two months to fix those issues.

Because of the depth of distrust, voters are unlikely to give her the benefit of the doubt if something goes wrong, or she faces a new set of revelations, Hart said.

""They're locked in terms of who she is on the issue of integrity,"" Hart said. ""There is not an individual issue that she can address and that has a tremendous negative effect. All of this is baked in.... It doesn't mean that she's going to lose the election. It's like driving your car on the shoulder: that's fine, unless a car nudges you over and then you've got nothing going for you.""

The trust factor -- as well as the sense among many voters that they can't relate to Clinton or understand her as person -- loom as challenges for the former secretary of state, because she has been trying to do that throughout the campaign, but has only a short time before voters begin casting absentee ballots.

A month ago, when she led Trump by double digits in the polls, Clinton's odds of victory looked good. Historically the candidate who led in the polls two weeks after the conventions went on to win the election.

But this campaign has defied patterns of history before. Clinton's campaign warned against overconfidence, in part to keep Democratic voters engaged.

Though Obama's numbers are above 50% -- no small achievement for a late-second-term president, Clinton always faced a historically difficult feat as a candidate seeking the third successive term for the Democratic Party.

Moreover, her three decades in politics made her a particularly ill-suited choice for an electorate whose chief desire is change. She's effectively an incumbent with dynastic baggage facing an outsider candidate in Trump who built a campaign on voter mistrust of establishment politicians.

But Clinton allies argue that her dual-pronged message has been more succinct this time than it was in 2008.

While many swing-state voters say in interviews they have no idea what her message is, her strategists say it is piercing through in local markets where she is advertising: the idea that she will put families first while Trump would put himself first; and that Americans are ""stronger together"" while Trump would be a divisive force.

Mo Elleithee, a former Democratic strategist who is now executive director of the Georgetown University Institute of Politics and Public Service, pointed to one ad that Clinton ran just before the Nevada caucuses that he said was a perfect distillation of that message. It was one featuring a little girl who was afraid that her parents would get deported. Clinton told the girl to let her worry about it.

""It's incredibly hard for any positive message to break through"" in this toxic political climate, Elleithee said. ""If she can make this: 'I've got your back' argument compelling enough, she can chip away"" at voter distrust.

That work is important not only to help her win but also to help her govern, he said. ""She needs to address that issue now and continue until after the election.... She could win this race comfortably with no positive message, but they should not mistake a comfortable win for a mandate.""",1
3961,"Turkey, Russia Headed for a Military Face-Off?","JERUSALEM, Israel -- The confrontation between Russia and Turkey entered its second day after Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet on its border Tuesday.

Turkey's president said he didn't want to escalate the situation, but he needed to protect Turkey's borders and defend its allies inside Syria.

Russia's Ministry of Defense condemned the attack and announced three steps it would take after the incident: bombing attacks would be escorted by fighter jets, air defenses would be increased, and military contacts with Turkey would be suspended.

After the attack, Russian President Vladimir Putin used exceptionally strong language. He called the incident a ""stab in the back"" and promised ""significant consequences"" to Turkey.

He said Russia would not tolerate such atrocities. Russia's foreign minister cancelled his upcoming trip to Turkey.

As tensions rise over Turkey's downing of a Russian warplane, CBN's Erick Stakelbeck discusses how President Vladimir Putin's unpredictability may reverberate across Europe. Watch our Q&A to understand the geopolitical dynamics of a region fraught with chaos:

Putin also accused Turkey of collusion with ISIS.

""We stated many times the fact that a large amount of oil and oil products are being transferred to the territory of Turkey from the territories seized by ISIS,"" Putin said. ""That is how these gangsters are receiving their financial support.""

""Turkey, like every country, has a right to defend its territory and its airspace,"" Obama said. ""I think it is very important right now for us to make sure that the Russians and the Turks are talking to each other, find out exactly what happened, and take measures to discourage any kind of escalation.""

Turkey -- a NATO member -- asked NATO for an emergency meeting. It was the first time in 50 years a NATO member's plane shot down a Russian plane.

""I have previously expressed my concerns about the implications of the military actions of the Russian federation close to NATO borders,"" NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said. ""This highlights the importance of having and respecting arrangements to avoid such incidents in the future. As we have repeatedly made clear, we stand in solidarity with Turkey and support the territorial integrity of our NATO ally Turkey.""

It remains to be seen if NATO will invoke Article 5, which states that an attack on one member is an attack on all.

Turkey and Russia both produced evidence they said proved their version of events.

Turkey said the Russian plane violated its airspace after 10 separate warnings. Russia said its plane was targeted over Syrian territory.

After the plane was shot down, Syrian rebel forces aired a video showing them destroying one of the Russian helicopters sent to rescue the pilots. It appears the pilot of the fighter jet died and the co-pilot was rescued.

Russia and Turkey have a long history of tense relations and the incident exposes two competing alliances seeking to dominate the region: Russia and Shi'ite Iran on the one hand and Sunni Turkey on the other.

When Putin brought Russia into the Syrian civil war, retired U.S. General Jay Garner told CBN News he introduced a new danger to the region.

""In the air, it will be a big problem if he puts fighter aircraft in there and they begin to put in airstrikes against rebel forces while we're putting in airstrikes against Assad forces,"" Garner said. ""How do you 'de-conflict' all that? It's a tinderbox.""

Russia moved in to fill the power vacuum the United States filled for decades in the Middle East. Incidents like this one can ignite a spark that sets the tinderbox aflame.",1
368,Democrats weigh how to nudge Sanders out,"Washington (CNN) Democrats in Washington have begun discussing how to encourage Sen. Bernie Sanders to end his campaign without alienating his legions of supporters, as party leaders grow eager to unite the party behind Hillary Clinton and provide a more robust defense for her candidacy.

In private conversations on Capitol Hill, senior Democrats are weighing how to persuade Sanders to step aside without appearing as if they are trying to strong-arm him out of the race. In a phone call last month, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid made the case to Sanders why it would make sense for him to leave the race after New Jersey and California vote on June 7, according to sources familiar with the conversation.

The widespread view, according to interviews with senators, House members and senior party officials, is that Sanders needs to see the writing on the wall himself: That he has no mathematical possibility to win the race and would be better-served to see his agenda enacted if he urged his backers to support Clinton.

""We will walk out of our convention with a nominee,"" Rep. Xavier Becerra, a California Democrat and active Clinton surrogate, told CNN. ""We should be able to walk into the convention in a consolidating mode.""

Some top Democrats privately say Clinton should consider the ultimate way to bring the progressive firebrand's supporters into the fold: Choose Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren as her vice presidential pick.

Senators and aides say they've felt reassured after recent discussions with Sanders and his advisers that he won't be a destructive force once voting concludes in mid-June. But Sanders has publicly vowed to take his fight to Philadelphia, something that could deprive the party of a critical month of healing and has spawned fears of unrest at the July nominating convention.

If he doesn't drop out, the options on how to persuade him to quit boil down to this: Propose potential process reforms, including gutting the role of superdelegates in choosing the next nominee, give him a prime speaking slot at the Democratic Convention and even dump the head of the Democratic National Committee, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, a controversial figure among Sanders' supporters.

So far, Sanders has not suggested publicly that his fight could be over after California, a state he has barnstormed in recent days as he tries to pull off an upset against Clinton.

""Our campaign has been dismissed and written off more times than I can count,"" Sanders said Wednesday in Palo Alto, California. ""We're going to leave California with enormous momentum going into the convention. And I believe we've got a real shot to come out of that convention with the Democratic nomination for president of the United States.""

Behind the scenes, discussions between the Warren and Clinton camps have been markedly increasing, especially as the freshman senator has begun to a play a more prominent role attacking Donald Trump, according to a source close to Warren.

And that has only spawned increased chatter that Clinton could pick Warren, who has not endorsed either candidate and is the only female Senate Democrat not to back Clinton.

Reid has spoken out publicly against Clinton choosing a senator as a running mate whose state has a Republican governor -- like Massachusetts -- fearing the vacancy would allow a Republican to be appointed and pad the GOP's majority.

But sources familiar with the situation tell CNN that Reid is open to the possibility of Warren as Clinton's running mate, in no small part because it would help unite the party after a long primary season.

""She can take away (Bernie's) power by showing there's no division within the party,"" said one Democratic source who is advocating Warren's selection.

It's uncertain when Warren would endorse Clinton, but the senator's allies believe she doesn't want to appear as if she's pushing Sanders to quit before he's ready to leave the race. Yet she also takes her role as a party uniter ""seriously,"" according to the Warren source.

Much of how the party reacts after Tuesday's primaries will be dictated by Sanders' own actions, officials say. If he stays in the race, softens his rhetoric against Clinton and begins the process of healing the party, there will be less consternation. But if he blasts what he considers a rigged system, berates Clinton for her corporate donations and paid speeches to big banks on Wall Street and calls for a revolution at the convention, Democrats are bound to push back.

Sen. Chris Murphy of Connecticut, a Clinton backer, said his ""preference"" would be for Sanders to ""take a hard look"" after Tuesday and conclude he has no viable path to the nomination. He said he had no problem with Sanders continuing his campaign until July because he's confident that the party would be able to unite against Trump.

""One thing I'm slightly worried about is the tone and tenor of the convention,"" Murphy added. ""We're going to need a very positive unified convention. He's going to have send very clear signals to his delegates that he wants them to be vocal and loud in support of Hillary in our convention.""

Even if Sanders were to win California, where polls show the race with Clinton in a dead-heat, the math looks grim for him to win the 2,383 delegates to become the nominee. He would need 67% of the remaining pledged delegates to take the lead over Clinton in pledged delegates alone after the District of Columbia votes on June 14. Clinton's lead in superdelegates, however, means she is the only candidate who can secure enough delegates to win the nomination before the convention.

Reid, in an interview with the Associated Press Wednesday, made his strongest comments yet about Sanders' bleak chances, saying the ""math is the math"" and that ""sometimes you just have to give up.""

""I think he better do a little mathing,"" Reid said.

The comments are significant because Reid -- who backs Clinton -- has avoided criticizing Sanders through the course of the campaign. Reid is perhaps Sanders' closest friend in the Senate; the two had an emotional call when Reid informed Sanders he was backing Clinton in February. And Sanders' wife, Jane, hugged Reid and thanked him for staying neutral before the Nevada caucuses as well.

But Reid and Democrats know they need the support of Sanders to help bring his dedicated backers behind Clinton. After the Nevada convention last month spawned angry protests from Sanders' supporters, many argue that the senator has to play a major role to unite the party -- or risk electing Trump. Reid has made the case repeatedly to Sanders, and others have publicly as well.

""My sense is if he believes as passionately about the issues he's been talking about on the campaign trail,"" Becerra said, ""then, after June 7, there's a passionate need for him to be advocating for someone in the White House who will make much of what he is talking about a reality.""

Murphy also was optimistic that Sanders would exit gracefully.

""He's going to be an incredibly impactful spokesman for Hillary,"" Murphy said. ""Once the president and Elizabeth Warren and Bernie get behind Hillary, that's going to be impactful. I'm not wringing my hands on whether it happens next week or next month.""",1
5125,Trump's VP search enters frenzied phase,"(CNN) Donald Trump's vice presidential search turned into a head-spinning melodrama Wednesday as candidates vying for the spot hopped on planes and phones to perform frenzied, last-minute try-outs.

For much of the day, Indiana was the unlikely center of the political world -- all thanks to a flat tire.

Trump's plane hit something when it landed Tuesday night, resulting in a popped tire, according to a source familiar with the process. That kept Trump in the state longer than he expected after campaigning with Gov. Mike Pence, setting off a last-minute scramble of high-profile travelers to the Hoosier State as the clock ticked down on his VP decision.

Concerned Trump was unsure and torn about his choice and maybe leaning in a direction they didn't like, his children -- Eric, Don Jr. and Ivanka -- hopped on a plane early in the morning to reach him. Trump and his children wound up having breakfast with Pence at the governor's mansion.

The plane malfunction set off a domino effect with others: Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich flew to Indianapolis to meet with Trump on a private jet provided by Fox News host Sean Hannity, two sources with knowledge of the situation told CNN. He was later seen leaving a hotel in the same motorcade as Trump's children.

Trump spoke to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie over the phone for a conversation that included talk about the vice presidency.

And Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions arrived in Indianapolis to meet with Trump to serve as another adviser as the presumptive GOP nominee makes his final decision on a running mate.

Earlier in the day, a Trump spokesperson said the meetings were held in Indiana to allow Trump more time with Pence.

The process of choosing a vice presidential partner is a crucial one that often provides early insight into how a nominee might approach the presidency. Most presumptive nominees operate their vice presidential search under intense secrecy with potential candidates sneaking to cloak-and-dagger meetings to avoid the press and maintain the element of surprise ahead of the final announcement. But not Trump, whose search has been remarkably public over the past week.

Trump's search is entering its final phase. Paul Manafort, his campaign chairman, told CNN Wednesday evening that Trump will make his announcement Friday in New York.

Trump later tweeted: ""I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.""

The presumptive nominee has not yet made a final decision. But he said in an interview with Fox News' Bret Baier that he was trimming his short-list.

""I'm narrowing it down. I mean I'm at three, potentially four. But in my own mind, I probably am thinking about two,"" he said.

Trump has spend the past several days publicly giving potential running mates a trial run on the campaign trail. And the feverish endgame of his search suggests a penchant for intrigue, an unpredictable streak and -- above all -- a desire to make a splash as the comings and goings Wednesday triggered a media circus.

The lobby of the Conrad Hotel in Indianapolis suddenly became the epicenter of the 2016 campaign -- with reporters and passersby straining for a sighting of Trump or any of his possible running mates, speculation running rife about the former reality star's intentions.

Next door, at The Capital Grille, local politicians and lobbyists buzzed about what the future held in store for homeboy Pence, who rocketed up the list of possible vice presidential nominees after spending significant face time with Trump in the last few days.

Donald Trump Jr. summed up the whirlwind developments with a tweet: ""Amazing trip to Indiana today. Fast but very productive.""

With Trump's mind not yet made up, the intrigue focused attention on exactly what kind of qualities the GOP presumptive nominee is looking for in a running mate.

One of the biggest questions is whether he will opt for someone with a reputation as a partisan scrapper who could defend him in the media and lambast Democrat Hillary Clinton, or if he will choose someone viewed as a safer political partner who could bring more sobriety to his volatile campaign.

One source said Trump wants a ""fighter"" and Christie -- the tough talking former prosecutor -- fits the bill.

""I'm getting attacked from all sides,"" Trump told The Wall Street Journal Tuesday. Though he was not in Indianapolis on Wednesday, Christie, one of the first major politicians to back Trump before he captured the nomination, is still very much under consideration, multiple sources told CNN.

""Trump's gut is Christie,"" one source said. The New Jersey governor spent the day in back-to-back meetings in Washington as he leads Trump's transition team.

Trump spoke of his kinship with Christie, with whom several sources said he talks every day.

""I tell you, Chris Christie is somebody I've liked a long time; he's a total professional. He's a good guy, by the way, a lot of people don't understand that,"" he said on Fox News.

But on Wednesday, Trump told Fox: ""I just want to pick up somebody that's solid, who's smart. I'm not looking for an attack dog. Frankly, I'm looking for somebody that really understands what we're talking about.""

And if Trump wants someone more conventional, he could turn to Pence. The Indiana governor has credibility with social conservatives who are among the most suspicious of Republican Party constituencies towards Trump.

Trump and Pence met privately before a fundraiser in Indianapolis on Tuesday evening, and then Pence got a try-out at a rally in nearby Westfield. The Trumps and Pences dined together at the Capital Grille in Indianapolis, staying past midnight.

A source close to Pence told CNN's MJ Lee that when asked about the vice presidential race it ""sure feels like Pence."" But noting the sheer unpredictability of dealing with the man making the decision, they emphasized: ""This is Trump we are talking about.""

When CNN asked how the breakfast with Pence went on Wednesday, Trump gave a thumbs-up. An adviser said the encounter was ""cordial"" but added that the billionaire had yet to finalize his decision on a running mate.

At Tuesday's rally, Pence slammed Clinton, saying that ""to paraphrase the director of the FBI, I think it would be 'extremely careless' to elect Hillary Clinton as president.""

On Wednesday afternoon, Pence said he was ""humbled to be a part"" of the process.

""Trump's giving it very careful consideration,"" he told reporters in Fort Wayne, Indiana. ""I'm just honored to be on that list.""

Even potential rival Gingrich offered extensive praise for the Indiana governor on Wednesday night.

""A lot of people who are a little jittery about Donald Trump would feel reassured talking with Pence,"" Gingrich told Fox News. ""My strength is totally different: I'm an outsider.""

A Trump adviser, however, disputed conventional wisdom that Pence could steady or moderate the voluble Republican presumptive nominee on the stump. In fact, this person said, having him as a more temperate running mate could prompt Trump to become even more unconventional.

""Mike is not going to go and defend Trump the way he needs it -- the way a Newt or a Christie would, or even the way a Sessions has,"" the adviser said.

Some donors are pressuring Trump to pick Gingrich as his vice president.

A source close to Sheldon Adelson told CNN that the casino magnate spoke to Trump and said that ""he liked Newt.""

Marking the unpredictability of the state of affairs, Trump was still making calls to people in recent days.

Trump even reached out again to Condoleezza Rice, the secretary of state under former President George W. Bush, after a donor encouraged him to make the call over the weekend. Rice, though, doesn't want the job, according to a separate source familiar with the process.

At a fundraiser in the Hamptons last weekend, The New York Times reported: ""When an attendee suggested Condoleezza Rice, the former secretary of state, Mr. Trump said they had irreconcilable differences over the Iraq War.""",1
4855,Clinton Says She Was Wrong to Call Half of Trump Supporters ‘Deplorables’,"Hillary Clinton expressed regret Saturday for calling half of Donald Trump’s supporters “deplorables,” but she stood by her sharp criticism of her Republican rival. Mrs. Clinton said she was “grossly generalistic” when she took aim at Mr. Trump’s backers at a Friday fundraiser in New York, characterizing many as racist, sexist and homophobic. “That’s never a good idea,” she said […]",1
4176,"In campaign chaos, Donald Trump shows his management style","For the past two months, Donald Trump has presided over a political team riddled with turf wars, staff reshuffling and dueling power centers.

But the tensions are more than typical campaign chaos: They illustrate how Trump likes to run an organization, whether it’s a real estate venture or his presidential bid. Interviews with current and former Trump associates reveal an executive who is fond of promoting rivalries among subordinates, wary of delegating major decisions, scornful of convention and fiercely insistent on a culture of loyalty around him.

Whether the drama of recent weeks has been cathartic or calamitous is an open question — and one that is increasingly important as the general election phase of the campaign unfolds. The tumult has often dominated news coverage, stepping on Trump’s own campaign message and averting the spotlight from missteps by leading Democratic contender Hillary Clinton.

“It is definitely dysfunctional compared to, say, Ace Hardware Store,” said David Carney, a veteran Republican political strategist. But, he added, “it is not fatal in and of itself.”

Honed over decades in business and now suddenly under the glare of a national contest, Trump’s style offers a glimpse of the polarizing management techniques he would carry into the White House. In fashioning his campaign after his real estate and entertainment projects, the mogul has inspired supporters and alarmed critics with his brazen moves.

[Trump once revealed his income tax returns. They showed he didn’t pay a cent.]

“He’s always the man in charge,” said Edward Rollins, the veteran Republican strategist who is working for a pro-Trump super PAC. “From his people, he gets what he needs. He makes them compete. Sometimes it gets the juices flowing, sometimes it spurs conflict. If he needs to, he steps in to settle it.”

Rollins pointed to the relationship between Trump’s 42-year-old campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, and his 67-year-old campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, as a prime example of how Trump handles people. While they have worked just steps from each other in recent weeks at Trump Tower in New York, the pair — contrasts in age, experience and personality — have a simmering rivalry over stature and responsibilities within the candidate’s orbit. And Trump doesn’t seem to mind.

“One day, Manafort goes up and Corey gets set back. The next day, Corey can move up to the forefront. Trump is at the center, watching it all and seeing it all,” Rollins said.

Trump’s firing last week of Rick Wiley as his national political director is a case study in how being close to Trump is usually the best way to influence him. A mantra for Trump’s campaign advisers has long been, “If you aren’t close to the principal, you aren’t anywhere,” according to one person on staff.

The abrupt dismissal was typical Trump — reminiscent of his NBC television show, “The Apprentice,” which spawned the catchphrase “You’re fired!”

[Trump’s bad bet: How too much debt drove his biggest casino aground]

Wiley, who joined the Trump campaign in April with a headstrong persona and establishment pedigree, did not endear himself to many of the grass-roots activists and Trump allies who had been working for the campaign for months, including Karen Giorno, who started as Trump’s Florida director and is now in charge of 10 Southeastern states.

According to multiple people familiar with the situation, Giorno grew unhappy with Wiley throughout May, telling friends that he was unresponsive to her and, in her view, too forceful in asserting his strategy.

Eventually, Giorno voiced her complaints directly to Trump. It worked. Wiley’s exit was announced Wednesday. In a statement, the campaign said Wiley was “hired on a short-term basis.” Wiley did not respond to a request for comment.

Giorno said Trump’s loyalty “goes beyond anything I’ve experienced in politics.” She also described Trump as a boss constantly testing his employees and turning the tables on them.

“He’ll ask questions — and if you don’t know the answer, you can tell that he’s disappointed that you don’t know it,” she said. “But then, he’ll brief you.”

On Florida matters, Trump has always been “extraordinarily curious — tell me more about what’s going on in Florida; give me the snapshot,” Giorno said. “As I am telling him information, he’s actually feeding me more information.”

From his 26th-floor office in New York, Trump — who through a spokeswoman declined to be interviewed for this article — is attempting to bend the nature and norms of a presidential campaign to his unpredictable and outsize personality, eschewing the top-down, consultant-heavy mode used by most candidates.

[Trump’s businesses boom as he runs for president, financial disclosure show]

Rather, Trump functions simultaneously as his own big-picture strategist and micro-managing chief executive. He has gotten involved in intramural skirmishing that has engulfed his campaign, both stoking and calming tensions depending on the circumstances.

“His style can be what I call ‘hands off, hands on.’ He gives people space to think and work and doesn’t get involved in everything each day, but he is the kind of person who can swoop in in a second and change everything,” said Sam Nunberg, a former aide who was let go from the campaign last year following disagreements with Lewandowski and controversy over past racially charged posts on Facebook. “He monitors it all and he comes to check in on things when you don’t expect him.”

Trump’s fondness for stirring internal competition was on display during his Atlantic City heyday, when he pitted his casinos against one another — much to the dismay of some of the executives who ran them. He encouraged the Trump Castle to compete for customers against the Trump Plaza hotel and casino and, later, his third casino, the Trump Taj Mahal.

Trump liked the sparring while others worried about cannibalizing customers; in the end, for a variety of reasons, the three casinos went through corporate bankruptcies.

Trump’s method contrasts sharply with that of Clinton, who operates her corporate-style campaign from a sprawling headquarters in Brooklyn with legions of professional aides. Unlike Trump, her aides say, Clinton does not offer daily input on personnel or brewing internal debates.

“He takes in information from people around him,” Lewandowski said. “We look at that as surround-sound advocacy that gives him the totality of an issue. Then he is decisive. People shouldn’t be surprised he’s involved. Of course he’s involved. It’s his campaign and his money.”

Carl Paladino, a businessman and political operative from Buffalo, N.Y. who is the co-chairman of Trump’s New York campaign, recalled when Trump called him months ago ahead of the New York primary and asked him to take the position.

“He said: ‘Carl, let’s do it. Let’s go.’ He didn’t have to say anything else. He trusted me to do what he needed me to do,” Paladino said. “He knows that . . . if you get in my way, I’m going to knock you down.”

Such general directives demonstrate the level of trust Trump regularly places with many of his closest supporters. He continues to have faith in them when they collide, as has been the case with Manafort and Lewandowski.

Manafort, who declined to comment for this article, was brought into Trump’s circle in March when Trump started to fret that he might be headed for a contested Republican convention and would need someone who could navigate that thicket. This month, he was given the title of campaign chairman and chief strategist.

Manafort calls Trump “Donald,” unlike Lewandowski, who calls the candidate “Mr. Trump.” He also does more freelancing than Lewandowski in terms of building relationships and arranging his own media appearances.

Trump at times seem to play the two off of each other. Manafort appears to relish being a strategist and chairman more than the manager Lewandowski. Lewandowski, who prides himself on having been at Trump’s side since the campaign’s start, regularly takes the lead on overseeing events, operations and Trump’s travels.

Even as Manafort and Lewandowski seek to exhibit and expand their influence on the campaign, there is no doubt within the campaign that Trump is the ultimate arbiter.

Sometimes that means drawing conclusions on topics that more traditional campaigns would outsource to aides. Other times, it means his counsel comes from just one person: himself.

“Trump is micromanager on the most important things but not all things,” said Rudolph W. Giuliani, a former mayor of New York and a Trump ally who has known and observed Trump for decades. “On the most important things, he realizes you have to be a micromanager. He’ll delegate to a point. He has in his head what he wants to do and his issues, and he’ll hold onto them instead of sharing those big decisions.”",1
433,A harsh blow to small businesses: Opposing view,"Under new overtime rules, employees will be injured as well.

The Labor Department’s change to the overtime rule is a harsh blow to millions of small businesses and their employees. According to NFIB research, approximately 44% of small businesses would be affected. The department claims that 4.2 million workers could potentially benefit from the change. That’s not consistent with the department’s own analysis.

In fact, buried within the regulation, the department projects that many workers won’t receive any additional pay and that others will lose pay. According to Labor, 60% of the newly eligible employees don’t work overtime right now. The department also estimates that the average hourly pay rate will decline in 2017. The talking points say this is a raise for workers, but the economic analysis says something completely different.

Most small businesses have razor-thin margins, and they cannot simply raise prices to cover higher costs without losing customers. Moreover, the median personal income for small business owners is roughly $68,000 annually, according to NFIB research. Big corporations can trim shareholder dividends, cut CEO pay or move production facilities out of the country. Those aren’t options for most small firms.

Employees will be injured as well. Managers who haven’t punched a clock in years will have to go back to filling out a time sheet. They will even have to take into account work from home such as checking email or fielding a phone call. Essentially, they’ll be demoted from their management positions to hourly jobs.

The overtime rule is another government mandate that makes it costlier and more difficult to run a business and create jobs. NFIB surveys its members every month to identify their top concerns. Government regulations consistently rank at the top.

Every minute that business owners must devote to keeping records, filling out paperwork and dealing with government inspectors is a minute they don’t have to run their businesses. Every dollar it costs to comply with all of those rules is a dollar they cannot reinvest in new jobs, better equipment or customer service.

Juanita Duggan is president and CEO of the National Federation of Independent Business.",1
1301,Sarah Palin endorses Donald Trump's presidential bid,"Former vice-presidential nominee and governor of Alaska Sarah Palin made her first foray into the 2016 presidential race Tuesday by announcing she is endorsing Donald Trump.

""I am proud to endorse Donald J. Trump for President of the United States of America,"" Palin said in a statement from the Trump campaign announcing the endorsement.

She later appeared alongside Trump at a campaign event at Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa

“You’re putting relationships on the line for this country because you’re willing to make America great again,” she said at the rally. “I am here because like you, I know it’s now or never.”

“I’m in it to win it because we believe in America,” she added.

Trump told supporters he was “greatly honored” to receive Palin’s support.

“She’s the woman that from day one I said I needed to get her support,” he said.

Palin, who became a symbol of the Tea Party movement following the 2008 presidential election, is the highest-profile backer for a Republican contender so far in the race.

In her endorsement speech, Palin praised Trump for bringing up controversial issues to create “a good, heated primary,” while taking aim at what she called “establishment candidates” in the race.

“They’ve been wearing political correctness kind of like a suicide vest,” she said.

The endorsement comes less than two weeks ahead of the critical lead-off Iowa caucus, where Trump is locked in a dead heat with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz.

In the statement announcing the endorsement, Trump's campaign described Palin as a conservative who ""helped launch the careers of several key future leaders of the Republican Party and conservative movement."" The statement also quoted Cruz as once saying he ""would not be in the United States Senate were it not for Gov. Sarah Palin...She can pick winners.""

Campaigning in New Hampshire, Tuesday, Cruz responded to Palin's endorsement of Trump, saying ""regardless of what Sarah intends to do in 2016, I will remain a big, big fan of Sarah Palin.""

Trump's national political director Michael Glassner previously worked with Palin, who was a virtual newcomer to the national political arena when McCain named her as his running mate.

Palin is expected to join Trump on Wednesday for campaign events in Norwalk, Iowa and Tulsa, Okla.

“Even with a record number of candidates and internal calls to become more inclusive as a party, Donald Trump and Sarah Palin remain two of the GOP’s most influential leaders,"" Mark Paustenbach, Democratic National Committee Press secretary, said in a statement responding to the endorsement.

""Their divisive rhetoric is now peddled by everyone from Ted Cruz to Marco Rubio.  Americans deserve better than what Trump and Palin have to offer, but it seems like the other Republican candidates would rather follow in their footsteps,” the statement continued.

Palin's endorsement was not the only one Trump received Tuesday. While campaigning at Iowa's John Wayne Birthplace Museum, he received an endorsement from the western film actor’s daughter, Aissa Wayne.

Wayne said the country needs a strong and courageous leader like her father, and that he would be offering his endorsement if he were still alive.

Trump said he was a big fan of Wayne and that the actor represented strength and power — which, he said, the American people are looking for.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1464,‘He’s Cuban. I’m Mexican.’: Can Rubio and Cruz connect with Latino voters?,"Maria Herrera, a 62-year-old retired casino housekeeper, feels no affinity for Marco Rubio even as he aims to make history as the first Hispanic president of the United States. As she explained: “He’s Cuban. I’m Mexican.”

“Rubio says things that are not good for Mexicans,” Herrera said, adding that she supports Hillary Clinton. “I would never vote for him just because he’s Latino.”

Rubio, whose parents are from Cuba, and Ted Cruz, whose father was born in Cuba, are competing to be the first Hispanic in the White House — and casting unprecedented attention on the nation’s growing Hispanic vote.

But in several key swing states — Nevada, Colorado, Florida and Virginia — most Latinos are not Cuban. Most lean Democratic — and identify more with their country of origin than with the broader terms, Hispanic or Latino, for those from Spanish-speaking countries. Most also oppose both Rubio’s and Cruz’s positions on immigration reform. All of that, in addition to long-standing tensions between Cuban and Mexican immigrants, could dash the GOP’s hopes that Cruz or Rubio could do what few Republicans have been able to do in a presidential election: attract significant Hispanic support.

[Rubio’s cousin, a Democrat, says Marco has his love but not his vote]

Mexicans account for nearly two-thirds of the Latinos in the United States — about 35 million people. Cubans are the third-largest group, after Puerto Ricans, with just 2 million people, or only 3.7 percent of the Latino vote, according to the Pew Research Center.

In interviews in wedding chapels and casinos, all around this city of stretch limos, slot machines and neon signs, Mexicans who make up so much of the workforce said it would be far more meaningful to elect the first Mexican American president than the first Latino. Many said they would vote for a non-Latino over a Cuban American.

In two days of interviews, not a single Mexican said he or she supported Rubio or Cruz, and even some Cubans said they don’t plan to support either Cuban American candidate.

Part of the friction between Mexicans and Cubans comes from the starkly different reception they get when they arrive in the United States. Cubans who reach U.S. shores are almost automatically granted residency and eligibility for food stamps and other welfare benefits because of a special policy for those coming from the communist island — many arriving through Mexico. Mexicans who enter without legal papers live under the threat of deportation.

There are cultural distinctions, too. They speak with different accents, celebrate different customs and eat different foods. Mexico is soccer-obsessed, while Cuba loves baseball.

“Except for the fact that they both speak Spanish, everything else is totally different,” said Carlos Artiles, 50, a bartender at the Florida Café Cuban Bar & Grill, where the eggs come with stuffed potatoes and fried plaintains. Artiles, a Cuban, quickly became a citizen, but he sees firsthand how Mexicans, including his wife, try unsuccessfully for years and “pay thousands of dollars to attorneys to help. It’s completely unfair.”

“No way” will Mexicans rally around presidential candidates just because they are Cuban, he said.

“Like oil and water” is how Alejandro Carrillo, a Mexican salesman, describes Mexicans and Cubans. He said he believes that Cubans have it easier in the United States and often act as though they are better than Mexicans. As he shopped in Moda Latina, looking at cowboy boots and hats, Carrillo said the differences between Cubans and Mexicans extend right down to how they dress: “I never once saw a Cuban who wore boots.”

About 30 percent of Nevada’s population and 20 percent of its electorate is Latino. Mexicans far outnumber any Latino group here, but Cubans command an outsize influence.

Cuba had a thriving casino business when Fidel Castro seized control in 1959, and many Cuban casino workers fled the island and moved to this gambling mecca. For decades, Cubans have been influential in business, Spanish-language media and politics — just as they are in South Florida, home to the greatest concentration of Cubans.

Otto Merida, a prominent Cuban here who ran the Latin Chamber of Commerce for 40 years, said, “It would be a dream to have a Cuban American in the White House,” and he likes Rubio.

But early on, Merida signed up to support former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush. “If he could catch fire,” Bush would do very well with Mexican Americans because he is married to a woman born in Mexico, he said.

Andres Ramirez, a Democratic strategist in Nevada, said that despite differences, many Cubans and Mexicans get along. Some Hispanics — no matter the nationality — will vote for a candidate “just because they’re a Latino, just like some people will vote for a woman because she is woman — but that is not the majority.”

“Surnames can matter, but people vote on policy and platforms,” Ramirez said.

Rubio, whose wife is the daughter of immigrants from Colombia, has shown more ability to win over non-Cuban Hispanics in Florida than Cruz has in Texas, when they ran their Senate races, according to exit polls. Rubio campaigns, in both English and fluent Spanish, about being the son of immigrants who came to America for a better life for their children.

But Fernand Amandi, managing partner of Bendixen & Amandi International, which frequently surveys the Hispanic community, said that in a presidential election, Rubio will face much more intense opposition because Democrats will highlight the fact that he yanked his support for comprehensive immigration reform. Cruz unequivocally — “today, tomorrow, forever” — opposes giving citizenship to millions of undocumented immigrants, a great number of whom are Mexican.

Not all Mexicans interviewed were in the country legally, and some have legal status but not citizenship, and so they are not eligible to vote. But those Mexicans who are citizens, such as Herrera, who was washing her clothes in a laundromat, said they plan to vote for Clinton. The Republicans and Democrats are holding caucuses in Nevada next month, in the first primary-season voting in the West, right after Iowa and New Hampshire.

Herrera said she was more interested in having the first female president than the first Latino president. What Clinton says is more appealing to her than what she hears from Rubio or Cruz, she said.

Many Cubans lavished praise on Rubio, who lived in Las Vegas as a child while his father worked as a hotel bartender and his mother as a maid. A few said they like Cruz but not enough to consider voting for him.

And several Cubans said they support Trump, the candidate most despised by Mexicans. Trump has referred to some Mexicans as “rapists” and promised to build a gigantic wall on the border to keep Mexicans out.

“Trump says what others won’t. He fears nothing,” said Elizabeth Abad, 46, who left Cuba a decade ago, became a U.S. citizen and works at the Florida Café. “I like his toughness.”

Sergio Perez, 47, owner of the Florida Café and the Havana Grill, where Rubio recently held a big rally, also thinks Trump is the best candidate “in these difficult times.” Perez said people are anxious and cannot afford the same life — not even the same amount of groceries — they once had. “Nobody felt good this Christmas,” he said, adding that Trump, a businessman, knows how to build things and put people to work.

“It’s a dream to have a Cuban guy as president,” he said about Rubio, whom he called “a beautiful guy, smart, charming. He could be a great vice president.”

But don’t expect Mexicans to vote for him because, Perez said, “Eighty percent of the Mexicans don’t like the Cuban people.”",1
985,Cruz Crushes Trump in Wyoming Republican Caucus,"Republican White House hopeful Ted Cruz easily defeated frontrunner Donald Trump in the race to be the party nominee for the 2016 presidential election in the Saturday caucus in Wyoming.

With all votes counted, Texas Senator Cruz won 66.3 percent of the ballots in the western state, far ahead of his nearest rival, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, who earned 19.5 percent of the vote, US media reported.

The Texas senator unanimously won Hot Springs, Goshen, Uinta and Campbell counties, as well as Sweetwater, Sheridan, Laramie, Converse and Fremont counties. Donald Trump won Teton County and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio won Albany County.

 

 One county — Crook — didn’t commit to any of the candidates.

 

 Cruz is “the only principled and unwavering conservative” in the race, Dick Shanor said before being chosen to represent Laramie County at the national GOP convention.

 

 “Ted has proven he is not subject to the influence of D.C. insiders. Nor is he a mainstream, status-quo type of guy,” Shanor said. “He is truly a virtuous man.”

 

 More than 200 people took part in the Laramie County convention at a community center in Cheyenne. They wrote their preferred candidates on blue notecards and deposited them in a cardboard box at the front of the room as their names were called.

 

 Rubio finished second for the day, narrowly losing in Converse and Teton counties. In Laramie County, Khale Lenhart tried unsuccessfully to get fellow Republicans to send him to the national convention as a Rubio supporter.

 

 “One candidate stands out for his ability to bring his message of conservatism to people who haven’t heard it before,” Lenhart said of Rubio. “He is the best opportunity for our party to build something larger that lasts.”

 

 Trump’s over-the-top persona played poorly in Wyoming except for Teton County, where he edged Rubio.

 

 “Anybody but Mr. Trump,” said John Wheeler, a Laramie County participant. “He thinks he can win the election because he’s a billionaire.”

 

 Cruz can claim he has momentum from Wyoming headed into next week’s big primaries in Florida, Ohio, Missouri and elsewhere. He hasn’t won Wyoming yet, however. More than half of the state’s available GOP delegates remain unallocated.

 

 Republicans will choose another 14 delegates at their state convention in Casper in mid-April. The other three are the state GOP chairman, national committeeman and national committeewoman.

 

 Wyoming will send a total of 29 delegates to the national convention, more than any state of similar size because of its strong Republican leanings.

 

 Cruz is the only active GOP candidate to have campaigned in Wyoming. He pledged at a rally near Cheyenne last year to reverse federal regulations affecting the coal industry.

 

 Many in Wyoming are disillusioned with President Barack Obama’s policies. Market forces have caused a downturn in the state’s fossil fuel-reliant economy. Republicans also blame federal regulation for impeding oil, gas and coal extraction.

 

 Sen. Marco Rubio won a Republican primary in Washington DC. Nineteen delegates are at stake.

The biggest prizes will be on Tuesday, when primaries are held in five delegate-rich states -- Florida, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina and Ohio.",1
4966,"William Weld: Never Mind Libertarianism, He's Running as Himself","Boston magazine has a long take on William Weld, former Massachusetts governor, currently Libertarian vice presidential candidate.

The main takeaway, after some of the usual slightly sneery scene-setting about weirdo libertarians (reported from July's FreedomFest in Las Vegas) and the lovely color detail of the patrician Weld being amazed he's staying in a New York hotel whose price is three digits beginning with ""one""?

That while Weld totally thinks of himself as libertarian and has for a long time, he's also a guy who just likes to do strange and challenging things as a lark, like writing novels, and hates being bored and likes being in the political mix.

An unnamed former adviser says ""There's nothing more he would like than to be flying around the country on somebody else's dime, flying first class, and talking to political reporters all day."" Another unnamed former staffer says of Weld ""He is old money, white, and fucking brilliant...Everybody tries to distance himself from those traits when running for office, and he always embraced them and made them his own.""

Reason has written quite a bit on some conflicts between Weld and libertarianism as most define it, despite Weld's long-time affection for that self-identification, and this profile is decent on explaining that aspect of the Weld/Libertarian story.

The profile by Simon van Zuylen-Wood sums up that conflict:

Weld's strategy isn't to try to defend libertarian ideas. Instead he articulates the ones he thinks disaffected centrists want to hear. When Johnson suggests abolishing the Internal Revenue Service, Weld raises an eyebrow and clarifies that he wouldn't go that far. When asked about gun control, Weld suggests the formation—cue a million Libertarians choking on their dinner—of a massive new FBI task force.... .... I ask him, at random, about climate change. He advocates pragmatic, mainstream, and essentially unlibertarian ideas about the urgent need for governing bodies to prevent the rise of global temperatures by 2 degrees Celsius. These aren't ideas his free-market brethren take kindly to. He smiles. He doesn't care: ""I'm running as myself.""

Weld to Reason TV in May on why Libertarians can trust him:",1
4170,"Clinton makes history, declares win in Democratic race","Corrections and clarifications: An earlier version of this story misstated who Bernie Sanders would be meeting with Thursday at the White House. He is scheduled to meet with President Obama.

BROOKLYN, N.Y. — Hillary Clinton marked her place in American history Tuesday night, declaring victory in the Democratic presidential race.

“Thanks to you, we’ve reached a milestone,” she told cheering supporters in Brooklyn, saying for the “first time in our nation’s history” a woman would lead a major-party ticket.

Clinton hit the magic number of 2,383 delegates needed to clinch the nomination on Monday night, as news organizations called the race for her based on support from superdelegates — party leaders and elected officials who have a vote at the convention and pledged to back her over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders.

Clinton waited until six states held a final round of contests Tuesday to declare victory, which will solidify her lead in pledged delegates earned through primaries and caucuses as well as her advantage in the overall popular vote.

Clinton picked up an easy win in New Jersey and also claimed victories in New Mexico and South Dakota. Sanders, meanwhile, won the North Dakota caucuses and the Montana primary.  The AP, CNN and NBC all called California for Clinton early Wednesday.

Clinton celebrated with supporters at Brooklyn Navy Yard and highlighted the historic nature of her win.

“Tonight’s victory is not about one person,” said Clinton, who was framed by American flags draping the walls and in a row behind her. “It belongs to generations of women and men who struggled and sacrificed and made this moment possible.”

A video that played prior to her speech spliced images of pivotal moments in the fight for women’s equality in the U.S. — from the suffragettes and the women’s liberation movement — with shots of her climbing stairs to address supporters.

The White House released a statement late Tuesday night saying that President Obama called both Clinton and Sanders, congratulating them ""for running inspiring campaigns"" and Clinton for hitting the magic number of delegates needed to secure the Democratic nod. The statement also said Obama and Sanders would meet at the White House on Thursday.

An endorsement of Clinton by the president is expected as early as this week.

Sanders has vowed to fight all the way to the nominating convention in Philadelphia, yet he is already coming under pressure from party officials to concede — the way Clinton did in her campaign against then-senator Barack Obama in June 2008 — with Clinton’s lead over Sanders more than double the advantage Obama had at the same time.

In her speech Tuesday night, Clinton made a direct appeal to the working-class voters who’ve been supporting Sanders and Trump. “So many of you feel like you’re out there on your own, that no one has your back — well I do.”

“Let there be no mistake: Sen. Sanders, his campaign and the vigorous debate about how to raise incomes, reduce inequality, increase upward mobility have been very good for the Democratic Party and for America,” she said. “It never feels good to put your heart into a cause and a candidate you believe in and to come up short,” she said. “I know that feeling well,” Clinton said to laughter.

Speaking in Santa Monica, Calif., late Tuesday night, Sanders thanked supporters for being ""part of the political revolution.""

""Our vision will be the future of America,"" he said, adding later that he would ""continue the fight"" to the final primary a week later in Washington, D.C. He acknowledged the odds against him were ""steep,"" but again vowed to press on to the July convention.

Clinton's win in the Democratic race marks a historic moment in American politics.

From India’s Indira Gandhi to Britain’s Margaret Thatcher and Germany’s Angela Merkel, many other nations have elevated women to their highest office. Yet the United States has been slow to do the same, with Clinton’s presumptive nomination coming exactly 100 years after the first woman, Jeannette Rankin, was elected to Congress.

“The U.S. has fallen far behind other countries in women’s political engagement in particular,” said Terry O’Neill, the head of the National Organization for Women, the nation’s largest organization of feminist activists. “We have huge barriers to women achieving these positions in the United States,” with only 20% female representation in the U.S. Congress, she said.

Polls suggest a matchup with Trump could be close, with Clinton ahead by just 2 points in the RealClearPolitics polling average, though Democrats are hoping the former secretary of State can increase her margin as the party unites behind a single candidate. That could depend on the tone that Sanders takes and whether his passionate, but disappointed, supporters begin to view the election as a referendum on Trump.

Clinton took Trump on with the same message she’s been delivering in stump speeches. “When he says, ‘Let’s make America great again,' that’s code for let’s take American backwards.""

The former first lady wrapped up her speech by paying tribute to her mother, who “taught me to never back down from a bully,"" which she said ended up being “pretty good advice.”

""I wish she could see her daughter become the Democratic Party's nominee,"" said Clinton.

House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., made an appeal to Sanders after announcing her support for Clinton on Tuesday morning.

“Bernie knows better than anyone what’s on the line in the election and that we at some point have to unify as we go forward,” Pelosi said on ABC’s Good Morning America.

In Sacramento, one Sanders supporter's view of Trump suggested Clinton's best hope of unifying the party may be the New York billionaire.

Aileen McDuff, 25, said she voted for the Vermont senator but will support Clinton if necessary. She's frightened, she said, of what a Trump presidency would be like.

""Everything he says is frightening,"" she said.",1
858,Cruz confronts pro-Trump protesters in Indiana: ‘He’s taking advantage of you’,"MARION, Ind. — What started as a handful of Donald Trump supporters heckling Ted Cruz from across the street outside a campaign stop here Monday afternoon turned into a contentious debate between the Republican presidential hopeful and at least one of them on the eve of the Indiana primary.

The Trump backers yelled jeers like ""Lyin' Ted!"" and ""Hey Cruz, do the math!"" — a reference to Cruz's delegate deficit in the GOP race.

Some Cruz supporters tried to drown out the men out with pro-Cruz chants and counter-insults. Then, when it looked like Cruz was about to leave and things would simmer down, the senator strolled over to engage the men, who were smoking and holding up Trump signs.

In a back-and-forth with one of the men, who afterward repeatedly refused to provide his name to reporters and said he was from Ohio, Cruz said of Trump: ""This man is lying to you and he's taking advantage of you.""

He added: ""If I were Donald Trump I wouldn't have come over and talked to you. ... I would have told the folks over there go over and punch those guys in the face.""

The man accused Cruz of lying on that point. Cruz said it was beyond dispute.

""You'll find out tomorrow. Indiana don't want you,"" the man told him at one point. He also repeatedly interrupted Cruz and tried to mock him.

""Sir, America is a better country — "" said Cruz.

""Without you,"" the man quipped.

""A question everyone here should ask — "" the senator later said.

""Are you Canadian?"" another man said. ""Are you Canadian?"" the man Cruz was speaking to repeated.

The question Cruz was actually trying to raise: ""Do you want your kids repeating the words of Donald Trump?""

The man also took aim at Cruz over his remark that he would ""carpet bomb"" Islamic State militants.

""Those are your words. Carpet bomb. I added the women and children because that's what you're going to be doing when you carpet bomb somewhere.""

Cruz shot back: ""It's interesting that you added women and children because your candidate, Donald Trump, came out and said he would order our military to kill the women and children, the wives and children, of terrorists, which is a war crime.""

Polls show Trump is leading Cruz in Indiana. A loss would be a devastating blow to Cruz's already struggling campaign. Trump is also campaigning in the state Monday.",1
413,U.S. officials optimistic they will close giant trade deal,"“We obviously spoke about my passion and his passion, which [is] veterans and veterans issues,” he said.",1
5206,Hillary Clinton Attacks Donald Trump for Threatening to Sue Accusers,"PITTSBURGH—Hillary Clinton on Saturday drew a contrast between how she and Republican rival would conduct their first 100 days in office, zeroing in on his contention that he would sue the women who have accused him of making unwanted sexual advances. Speaking to reporters on her campaign plane Saturday night, Mrs. Clinton and her running […]",1
2632,"Cleveland police are out of control, say the feds. Now they're making a deal to change.","The consent decree between Cleveland and the Justice Department emphasizes community policing, an approach that involves law enforcement closely working with the local community to guide best practices. In particular, the city vowed to establish a commission that will act as a link between the Cleveland police department and community groups. ""We will have community policing as part of our DNA,"" Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson said.

The agreement also promises new guidelines, improved training, and more oversight for use of force. As part of these changes, the Cleveland police department will reform and strengthen existing watchdog agencies. The mayor will also appoint an inspector general that will watch over the police department, and a civilian will be in charge of the police force's internal affairs unit.

Among the reforms, police officers will be required to stop pistol whipping people in the head, and document each time they unholster their guns.

An independent monitor will oversee all of these changes. The city will only be relieved of federal oversight once a federal judge agrees that the police department has met a specific set of standards for reform detailed in the agreement.

A brutal Justice Department report in December found Cleveland police officers used excessive deadly force, including shootings and head strikes with impact weapons; unnecessary, excessive, and retaliatory force, including Tasers, chemical sprays, and their fists; and excessive force against people with mental illness or in crisis, including one situation in which officers were called exclusively to check up on someone's well-being.

In one case, a police officer shot at an unarmed man wearing only boxer shorts as he was fleeing from armed assailants:

An incident from 2013 in which a sergeant shot at a victim as he ran from a house where he was being held against his will is just one illustration of this problem. ""Anthony"" was being held against his will inside a house by armed assailants. When officers arrived on scene, they had information that two armed assailants were holding several people inside the home. After officers surrounded the house, Anthony escaped from his captors and ran from the house, wearing only boxer shorts. An officer ordered Anthony to stop, but Anthony continued to run toward the officers. One sergeant fired two shots at him, missing. According to the sergeant, when Anthony escaped from the house, the sergeant believed Anthony had a weapon because he elevated his arm and pointed his hand toward the sergeant. No other officers at the scene reported seeing Anthony point anything at the sergeant. The sergeant's use of deadly force was unreasonable. It is only by fortune that he did not kill the crime victim in this incident. The sergeant had no reasonable belief that Anthony posed an immediate danger. The man fleeing the home was wearing only boxer shorts, making it extremely unlikely that he was one of the hostage takers. In a situation where people are being held against their will in a home, a reasonable police officer ought to expect that someone fleeing the home may be a victim. Police also ought to expect that a scared, fleeing victim may run towards the police and, in his confusion and fear, not immediately respond to officer commands. A reasonable officer in these circumstances should not have shot at Anthony.

This is just one of many examples of police officers using ""poor and dangerous tactics"" that often put them ""in situations where avoidable force becomes inevitable and places officers and civilians at unnecessary risk,"" according to the report.

The Justice Department attributed many of these problems to inadequate training and supervision. ""Supervisors tolerate this behavior and, in some cases, endorse it,"" the report said. ""Officers report that they receive little supervision, guidance, and support from the Division, essentially leaving them to determine for themselves how to perform their difficult and dangerous jobs.""

Former US Attorney General Eric Holder, who headed the Justice Department at the time of the investigation, argued that fixing these issues is crucial for both the general public and police. ""Accountability and legitimacy are essential for communities to trust their police departments, and for there to be genuine collaboration between police and the citizens they serve,"" he said.

For Cleveland, settling with the Justice Department to reform its police force averts a costly court battle. But it also could help alleviate tensions with a community that has long seen its police department as overly aggressive and even abusive.",1
1707,"Donald Trump stands by Jeb Bush, George W. Bush 9/11 comments","Washington (CNN) Donald Trump on Monday stood by his comments that former President George W. Bush did not keep the country safe since he was president during the 9/11 terrorist attacks.

Trump insisted he isn't ""blaming anybody,"" but repeatedly reminded Fox News viewers that the ""worst attack in the history of our country"" occurred on Bush's watch and suggested that the attacks could have been prevented.

""The fact is we had the worst attack in the history of our country during his reign. Jeb (Bush) said we were safe during his reign. That wasn't true,"" Trump said. ""And I'm not blaming anybody and I'm not blaming George Bush, although if you look at his three primary agencies, they hated each other, they weren't talking ... And a good leader would've made sure that they would get along and talk and lots of other things happen.""

Trump walks on stage with his family after he was declared the election winner on November 9. ""Ours was not a campaign, but rather, an incredible and great movement,"" he told his supporters in New York.

Trump walks on stage with his family after he was declared the election winner on November 9. ""Ours was not a campaign, but rather, an incredible and great movement,"" he told his supporters in New York.

Trump apologizes in a video, posted to his Twitter account in October, for vulgar and sexually aggressive remarks he made a decade ago regarding women. ""I said it, I was wrong and I apologize,"" Trump said, referring to lewd comments he made during a previously unaired taping of ""Access Hollywood."" Multiple Republican leaders rescinded their endorsements of Trump after the footage was released.

Trump faces Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the first presidential debate, which took place in Hempstead, New York, in September.

Trump delivers a speech at the Republican National Convention in July, accepting the party's nomination for President. ""I have had a truly great life in business,"" he said. ""But now, my sole and exclusive mission is to go to work for our country -- to go to work for you. It's time to deliver a victory for the American people.""

Trump delivers a speech at the Republican National Convention in July, accepting the party's nomination for President. ""I have had a truly great life in business,"" he said. ""But now, my sole and exclusive mission is to go to work for our country -- to go to work for you. It's time to deliver a victory for the American people.""

Trump speaks during a campaign event in Evansville, Indiana, on April 28. After Trump won the Indiana primary, his last two competitors dropped out of the GOP race.

Trump speaks during a campaign event in Evansville, Indiana, on April 28. After Trump won the Indiana primary, his last two competitors dropped out of the GOP race.

Trump -- flanked by U.S. Sens. Marco Rubio, left, and Ted Cruz -- speaks during a CNN debate in Miami on March 10. Trump dominated the GOP primaries and emerged as the presumptive nominee in May.

Trump -- flanked by U.S. Sens. Marco Rubio, left, and Ted Cruz -- speaks during a CNN debate in Miami on March 10. Trump dominated the GOP primaries and emerged as the presumptive nominee in May.

In June 2015, during a speech from Trump Tower, Trump announced that he was running for President. He said he would give up ""The Apprentice"" to run.

Trump speaks in Sarasota, Florida, after accepting the Statesman of the Year Award at the Sarasota GOP dinner in August 2012. It was shortly before the Republican National Convention in nearby Tampa.

Trump speaks in Sarasota, Florida, after accepting the Statesman of the Year Award at the Sarasota GOP dinner in August 2012. It was shortly before the Republican National Convention in nearby Tampa.

Trump poses with Miss Universe contestants in 2011. Trump had been executive producer of the Miss Universe, Miss USA and Miss Teen USA pageants since 1996.

Trump poses with Miss Universe contestants in 2011. Trump had been executive producer of the Miss Universe, Miss USA and Miss Teen USA pageants since 1996.

Trump appears on the set of ""The Celebrity Apprentice"" with two of his children -- Donald Jr. and Ivanka -- in 2009.

Trump appears on the set of ""The Celebrity Apprentice"" with two of his children -- Donald Jr. and Ivanka -- in 2009.

For ""The Apprentice,"" Trump was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in January 2007.

For ""The Apprentice,"" Trump was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in January 2007.

Trump wrestles with ""Stone Cold"" Steve Austin at WrestleMania in 2007. Trump has close ties with the WWE and its CEO, Vince McMahon.

Trump wrestles with ""Stone Cold"" Steve Austin at WrestleMania in 2007. Trump has close ties with the WWE and its CEO, Vince McMahon.

Trump attends the U.S. Open tennis tournament with his third wife, Melania Knauss-Trump, and their son, Barron, in 2006. Trump and Knauss married in 2005.

Trump attends the U.S. Open tennis tournament with his third wife, Melania Knauss-Trump, and their son, Barron, in 2006. Trump and Knauss married in 2005.

Trump attends a news conference in 2005 that announced the establishment of Trump University. From 2005 until it closed in 2010, Trump University had about 10,000 people sign up for a program that promised success in real estate. Three separate lawsuits -- two class-action suits filed in California and one filed by New York's attorney general -- argued that the program was mired in fraud and deception. Trump's camp rejected the suits' claims as ""baseless."" And Trump has charged that the New York case against him is politically motivated.

A 12-inch talking Trump doll is on display at a toy store in New York in September 2004.

A 12-inch talking Trump doll is on display at a toy store in New York in September 2004.

An advertisement for the television show ""The Apprentice"" hangs at Trump Tower in 2004. The show launched in January of that year. In January 2008, the show returned as ""Celebrity Apprentice.""

An advertisement for the television show ""The Apprentice"" hangs at Trump Tower in 2004. The show launched in January of that year. In January 2008, the show returned as ""Celebrity Apprentice.""

Trump dips his second wife, Marla Maples, after the couple married in a private ceremony in New York in December 1993. The couple divorced in 1999 and had one daughter together, Tiffany.

Trump dips his second wife, Marla Maples, after the couple married in a private ceremony in New York in December 1993. The couple divorced in 1999 and had one daughter together, Tiffany.

Trump and singer Michael Jackson pose for a photo before traveling to visit Ryan White, a young child with AIDS, in 1990.

Trump and singer Michael Jackson pose for a photo before traveling to visit Ryan White, a young child with AIDS, in 1990.

Trump signs his second book, ""Trump: Surviving at the Top,"" in 1990. Trump has published at least 16 other books, including ""The Art of the Deal"" and ""The America We Deserve.""

Trump attends the opening of his new Atlantic City casino, the Taj Mahal, in 1989.

Trump attends the opening of his new Atlantic City casino, the Taj Mahal, in 1989.

Trump uses his personal helicopter to get around New York in 1987.

Trump uses his personal helicopter to get around New York in 1987.

Trump was married to Ivana Zelnicek Trump from 1977 to 1990, when they divorced. They had three children together: Donald Jr., Ivanka and Eric.

Trump was married to Ivana Zelnicek Trump from 1977 to 1990, when they divorced. They had three children together: Donald Jr., Ivanka and Eric.

Trump attends an event to mark the start of construction of the New York Convention Center in 1979.

Trump attends an event to mark the start of construction of the New York Convention Center in 1979.

Trump stands with Alfred Eisenpreis, New York's economic development administrator, in 1976 while they look at a sketch of a new 1,400-room renovation project of the Commodore Hotel. After graduating college in 1968, Trump worked with his father on developments in Queens and Brooklyn before purchasing or building multiple properties in New York and Atlantic City, New Jersey. Those properties included Trump Tower in New York and Trump Plaza and multiple casinos in Atlantic City.

Trump stands with Alfred Eisenpreis, New York's economic development administrator, in 1976 while they look at a sketch of a new 1,400-room renovation project of the Commodore Hotel. After graduating college in 1968, Trump worked with his father on developments in Queens and Brooklyn before purchasing or building multiple properties in New York and Atlantic City, New Jersey. Those properties included Trump Tower in New York and Trump Plaza and multiple casinos in Atlantic City.

Trump, center, wears a baseball uniform at the New York Military Academy in 1964. After he graduated from the boarding school, he went to college. He started at Fordham University before transferring and later graduating from the Wharton School, the University of Pennsylvania's business school.

Trump, center, wears a baseball uniform at the New York Military Academy in 1964. After he graduated from the boarding school, he went to college. He started at Fordham University before transferring and later graduating from the Wharton School, the University of Pennsylvania's business school.

Trump, center, stands at attention during his senior year at the New York Military Academy in 1964.

Trump, center, stands at attention during his senior year at the New York Military Academy in 1964.

Trump, left, in a family photo. He was the second-youngest of five children.

Trump, left, in a family photo. He was the second-youngest of five children.

Trump at age 4. He was born in 1946 to Fred and Mary Trump in New York City. His father was a real estate developer.

Trump at age 4. He was born in 1946 to Fred and Mary Trump in New York City. His father was a real estate developer.

President-elect Donald Trump has been in the spotlight for years. From developing real estate and producing and starring in TV shows, he became a celebrity long before winning the White House.

President-elect Donald Trump has been in the spotlight for years. From developing real estate and producing and starring in TV shows, he became a celebrity long before winning the White House.

Trump was referencing how in the run-up to the 9/11 attacks top law enforcement and intelligence agencies including the CIA and the FBI weren't coordinating as closely as they do now.

Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, one of Trump's rivals for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, said during the last Republican debate that his brother, the former president, ""kept us safe."" Trump on Friday reopened that feud and challenged that assertion.

""How pathetic for @realdonaldtrump to criticize the president for 9/11. We were attacked & my brother kept us safe,"" he tweeted.

Trump even suggested Monday that the Bush administration ""knew in advance"" the U.S. would be attacked.

""CIA Director George Tenet knew in advance that there was going to be an attack,"" Trump said.""He knew in advance that there was going to be an attack.""

While Tenet did go to the White House two months before 9/11 with intelligence reports suggesting al-Qaeda was plotting a terrorist attack on the U.S., Tenet did not know when or how those attacks would unfold and he did not know how reliable the intercepted chatter was.

Former Trump political aide Roger Stone, who is also a well-known conspiracy theorist, pushed a similar line hours before Trump called into Fox News, tweeting that Tenet ""admitted he had 60 day advance warning of attack on America-and did nothing.""

Stone also tweeted two days before that "".@realDonaldTrump is right - Bush Admin knew of attack on America 60 days in advance- did nothing.""

Trump also said Monday that tougher immigration policies like the ones he would implement if he became president would have thwarted the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Those hijackers entered the U.S. legally, but Trump said he would have implemented tougher visa standards to prevent their entry into the country in the first place. It's unclear what those standards would have been.

Trump also said he would have had a ""massive whistleblower system"" to gain advance knowledge of the attacks. He did not explain how such a system would work.

The latest sparring between Trump and Jeb Bush is just the latest in a series of feuds that have marked the two contenders' relationship through the primary.

Trump has repeatedly knocked Bush over his last name -- suggesting there should be no more Bushes and Clintons in the White House -- and claimed that the former Florida governor is too ""low-energy"" to take on the job of commander-in-chief.

After first resisting to engage the brash billionaire, Bush has in recent months taken Trump on directly and forcefully, this weekend explaining on CNN's ""State of the Union"" that he has ""grave doubts"" about Trump's preparedness to handle the responsibilities of president of the United States. Bush also linked Trump's candidacy to the antics of Trump's reality show, ""The Apprentice.""

But Trump's criticism of the two Bushes is doing more than just dragging the former Florida governor and one-time establishment favorite for the nomination into a mud fight. It's also provoking Jeb Bush into repeated impassioned defenses of his brother's tenure as president, which remains contentious.

Jeb Bush struggled early in the campaign to call his brother's decision to invade Iraq a ""mistake"" -- a judgment that today has broad consensus -- as he almost reflexively defended his brother.

And Jeb Bush did it again this weekend, in the face of Trump's latest attack over 9/11:

""My brother responded to a crisis, and he did it as you would hope a president would do. He united the country, he organized our country and he kept us safe. And there's no denying that. The great majority of Americans believe that,"" Bush said.",1
5084,"Obama passes baton to Clinton, stirs up '3rd term' charges","President Obama invoked his “Yes we can” 2008 campaign slogan Wednesday night at the Democratic National Convention, leaving little doubt that his declaration that Hillary Clinton was “fit” and “ready” to be commander-in-chief was a baton-passing of his eight years in office — a legacy that Republican nominee Donald Trump immediately attacked as “Owning the 3rd Term.”

Capping another night of Trump bashing — briefly interrupted by the official nomination of Tim Kaine to be Clinton’s vice presidential running mate — Obama declared, “There has never been a man or a woman – not me, not Bill, nobody – more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America,” at the same time accusing Trump of peddling ""fear"" and a pessimistic vision of the country.

‎Republicans immediately fired back, with party Chairman Reince Priebus issuing a statement saying, “Tonight reinforced that the Hillary Clinton, Tim Kaine ticket is nothing more than two career DC insiders who want nothing more than to continue the failed Democrat status quo.”

He pointed to what he called the president’s “failed legacy in the Middle East” and said, “Our country cannot afford four more years like the last eight, which have left us less prosperous, less safe, and less free.”

Without question, the sitting president depends on his former secretary of state to help preserve his legacy, and fend off recurring Republican attempts to repeal ObamaCare, upend environmental regulations and more. But Republicans point to the other side of the picture – a debt nearing $20 trillion, tensions growing in America’s cities and an Islamic State threat that even top security officials suggest is growing in its reach and unpredictability.

“Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair,” Trump tweeted Wednesday night.

Obama, though, tried to frame the election as a choice between pessimism and optimism, as he set the stage for Clinton to accept the nomination Thursday night.

“America is already great. America is already strong,” Obama said. “And I promise you, our strength, our greatness, does not depend on Donald Trump.”

Clinton surprised the crowd by showing up onstage with Obama at the end of his speech, the two of them hugging and waving to delegates who were holding up ""thank you"" signs.

Obama’s address was delivered shortly after delegates finalized the party’s 2016 ticket. In an overwhelming voice vote, they nominated Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine for vice president.

Kaine himself, after starting off talking family and faith, shifted gears in the second half and shelved his nice-guy persona to deliver a broadside against Trump, as he accepted the VP nomination from his party.

“Hillary has a passion for kids and families. … Donald Trump has a passion too: It's himself,” Kaine said. The senator was merciless after that. He went on to mock Trump, imitating his Queens accent when he says, “Believe me.”

“We're gonna destroy ISIS so fast -- believe me! There's nothing suspicious in my tax returns -- believe me!” Kaine bellowed, as the crowd roared with laughter. “Here's the thing. Most people, when they run for president, they don't just say ‘believe me.’ They respect you enough to tell you how they will get things done. … You cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth.”

While he was speaking, the Trump campaign was firing out press releases ripping Kaine as a “job killer” and part of the Washington establishment.

Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who had considered an independent presidential run before ruling it out, made a late appearance Wednesday – with an endorsement that could help Clinton reach out to vital independents whom Trump also is courting, and a bagful of zingers aimed squarely at his fellow billionaire.

“Trump says he wants to run the nation like he’s run his business. God help us!” Bloomberg said, calling him a “dangerous demagogue” and claiming it’s “imperative” to elect Clinton.

The focus of the third convention night was heavy on gun control, global warming and even national security, an issue largely absent from the first two nights.

Together, the speakers Wednesday set the stage for Clinton to deliver her nomination acceptance speech and close out the convention Thursday night, after becoming Tuesday the first woman in U.S. history nominated for president by a major party.",1
507,Housing In 2015: Four Reasons For Optimism (And One For Worry),"Housing In 2015: Four Reasons For Optimism (And One For Worry)

Six years ago, homebuilders and Realtors were facing brutal business conditions: millions of Americans were losing their jobs and homes.

As 2015 begins, hiring is strong and economic indicators are pointing up. Could this be the year when the housing market finally breaks out of its tepid recovery and takes off?

Economists see several reasons why 2015 might be a banner year for homebuying — and not just in San Francisco and Miami.

They also see One Big Factor that potentially could block a buying binge.

Before considering that possible downer, let's first look at the upside:

When companies are hiring, would-be homebuyers feel more confident about taking on mortgage debt.

During the recession, companies kept slashing positions, sending the unemployment rate soaring to 10 percent and frightening potential homebuyers. But job growth has been strong lately, with employers adding 321,000 jobs in November. The unemployment rate has tumbled to 5.8 percent.

As that good news sinks in, optimism is rising. The Conference Board's latest Consumer Confidence Index shows confidence is running 19.5 percent higher than a year ago.

Home prices just took a breather, which helps.

From January to October, home prices rose 4.5 percent nationally, according to the latest S&P/Case Shiller Home Price Index. That gain was subdued compared with October 2013, when home prices jumped 11 percent higher than the previous year.

But slower price appreciation in 2014 may have set the stage for a buying surge in 2015. That's because buyers need the right combination of steady income, decent savings, low interest rates and reasonable home prices to jump into the market.

The Labor Department's latest jobs report showed an uptick in wages, and the surging stock market has been boosting savings. Mortgages have been holding below 4 percent for 30-year fixed rates.

And now the decelerating growth in home prices may be creating an affordability opportunity that will attract buyers in early 2015.

When millions of Americans were losing their homes in the recession, many started moving into apartments. That shift caused rents to soar.

""With rents now rising at a seven-year high, historically low [interest] rates and moderating [home] price growth are likely to entice more buyers to enter the market in upcoming months,"" Lawrence Yun, the National Association of Realtors' chief economist, said in a release.

The Census Bureau says just 36 percent of Americans under age 35 own a home. In 2007, that figure was 42 percent.

Some young people enjoy renting, but a recent survey by Fannie Mae showed 9 in 10 would prefer to own. They have been held back by tight lending standards that have made it tough to get around their heavy student debts and light savings.

But in December, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac announced programs that would allow first-time buyers to get homes with down payments of just 3 percent, instead of 5 percent.

That lower amount would allow creditworthy but cash-strapped young buyers to qualify for mortgages. ""If access to credit improves, we could see substantially larger numbers of young buyers in the market,"" Jonathan Smoke, chief economist for Realtor.com, said in his 2015 outlook.

But there's one reason for pessimism.

For years, many economists have been saying mortgage interest rates would rise. In 2015, they finally may be right.

That's because the Federal Reserve, which has held down both short- and long-term interest rates since 2008, has been signaling a coming change. The Fed is expected to allow rates to drift up, probably starting this summer.

Industry economists generally expect mortgage rates to reach 5 percent by year's end. That would still be quite low by historical standards, but after having such cheap mortgages for so long, even a modest rate increase could scare off buyers, according to Lindsey Piegza, chief economist for Sterne Agee.

""A rising monthly payment — thanks to rising interest rates — could cause an unwelcome sticker shock for many potential homebuyers,"" she said.",1
2746,"White House, NYT leave Bushes out of lead photos from Selma march","The decision by The New York Times to run a front-page image on Sunday of President Obama -- and family -- leading a march to mark the 50th anniversary of the Selma civil rights clashes, while leaving out of the image former President George W. Bush and his wife Laura, apparently was mirrored in the ""official White House photo"" of the event.

The official White House blog's Sunday entry on the Alabama march led with a similar image, focusing on Obama and his family, as well as civil rights figures, but leaving out the Bushes.

Both images show Obama walking alongside Georgia Democratic Rep. John Lewis, and even Al Sharpton, as they led thousands across the Edmund Pettus Bridge.

The White House blog does acknowledge in the caption that the Bushes were there, and the photo at the bottom of the page includes them off to the side.

Part of the problem may have been the staging of the event itself.

Basil Smikle Jr., a Democratic strategist and former advance team member for the Clinton White House, noted that the Bushes were not standing directly next to the Obamas. He told Fox News he would have liked to see both presidents together, at least in the New York Times photo.

""Both presidents should have been close together,"" he said.

Regardless, the Bushes were standing but a few feet away from the first family and were included in other photos.

A spokeswoman for the Times told FoxNews.com that the newspaper did not crop the Bush family out of the original image for the front-page display.

Still, the decision not to run a photo that did include them drew criticism on Monday.

""This is a stunning example of media bias,"" said Deneen Borelli, a Fox News contributor and outreach director for the conservative FreedomWorks.

The Associated Press also ran a variety of photos after they crossed the bridge, some of which show the Bushes and some of which do not. However, it appears the AP did not run photos showing the Bushes before they marched across the bridge.

The Times' article on the event did mention the Bushes' attendance, after the jump. The article notes that in 2006, he signed the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act.",1
3136,Emotional Service Held At Charleston Church Days After Shootings,"The Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, S.C., today is holding its first Sunday service following a horrific shooting that killed nine members of a Bible study group there.

Dylann Roof, 21 — who has apparently expressed strong racist and white supremacist views — is charged in the Wednesday night killings, in which nine members of a Bible study group at the historic black church were shot dead. Emanuel AME's pastor, the Rev. Clementa Pickney, was among those killed.

As parishioners and visitors fanned themselves against the heat of the first day of summer, the service opened at 9:30 a.m. EDT to filled pews. Hundreds more gathered outside the church.

The service opened with the hymns ""Praise God, From Whom All Blessings Flow"" and ""Blessed Assurance.""

The Rev. Norvel Goff said: ""we still believe prayer changes things. ... prayer not only changes things, it changes us.""

""Many hearts are broken and tears being shed,"" he said. ""Through it all we are reminded that we serve a God who still cares.""

Delivering the sermon later, he acknowledged ""it has been tough. It has been rough. Some of us have been downright angry.""

But, he said, ""We have shown the world how we as a group of people can come together and pray and work out things that need to be worked out, to make a better state and place to live.""

He thanked Gov. Nikki Haley for making sure ""the perpetrator that committed that heinous act was pursued and captured and brought back to South Carolina.""

He also thanked Charleston Mayor Joseph Ripley and law enforcement.

""I have no problem with doing it,"" he said to loud applause.

""We have difficulties ahead, but the only way evil can triumph is for good folks to sit down and do nothing,"" he said.

Earlier, the Rev. John H. Gillison prayed that ""in life there are ups and downs. There are dark days, but there are also bright days.""

He called on God to ""guide and strengthen those families who were victimized,"" and referring to Wednesday's tragedy said ""the devil tried to take charge.""

""But the devil cannot take control of your people and cannot take control of your church,"" Gillison said.

NPR's Debbie Elliott, reporting from the church, says: ""It's a very emotional day for the city of Charleston. People are gathering, bringing flowers, weeping, praying, and preparing for this very difficult morning.""

Debbie adds: ""This is all happening at the same time that police officers and their dogs are doing searches of the parking lot and preparing the church to be a safe place for people to come and remember this morning.""

The Rev. Randolph Miller, pastor of Nichols Chapel AME Church in Charleston, tells CNN: ""We must continue to preach [forgiveness] and drive it home. It won't happen overnight, but we must not stop preaching forgiveness.""

""Hopefully one day it will sink in and bring a change,"" he said.",1
3100,5 amazing ways Pope Francis made Republicans squirm yesterday,"Despite all the talk that Pope Francis’ address to Congress wouldn’t be political or partisan, it turns out it was both. And, as I predicted here in Salon, it definitely leaned to one side of the aisle. In fact, if you were a conservative Republican, Thursday morning in the Congress was not your finest moment, as Pope Francis laid bare all the ways that the Republican agenda counters Catholic social teaching, from its harsh treatment of immigrants to its fossil fuel-burning disdain for the natural world.

And Francis’ call for politicians to work for the common good was an implicit rebuke to the do-nothing, obstructionist GOP agenda that’s in service to their corporatist, Chamber of Commerce overlords. “Your own responsibility as members of Congress is to enable this country, by your legislative activity, to grow as a nation. …You are called to defend and preserve the dignity of your fellow citizens in the tireless and demanding pursuit of the common good, for this is the chief aim of all politics,” he said.

Here are the five key moments in Francis’ speech that made conservatives squirm more than any others:

The shout-out to Dorothy Day. Francis commended four Americans in particular, whom he held up as examples of pursuing the common good: Abraham Lincoln, for his pursuit of liberty; Martin Luther King Jr., for his commitment to nonviolence and pluralism; Trappist monk Thomas Merton, for his commitment to dialogue and peace; and Dorothy Day, for her “social activism, her passion for justice and for the cause of the oppressed.”

None of them are exactly conservative, but Day in particular is noted as a radical social activist. She founded the Catholic Worker Movement, which took root during the Great Depression, and urged Catholics to form small, autonomous communities to lead simple lives devoted to the gospel and serving the poor. In addition to being a socialist, Day was outspoken in her support of pacifism and labor rights. “I think it was extraordinary that he cited her as one of the most important people in recent American history. This would be one of the very, very few times that somebody as radical as Dorothy Day was mentioned,” Sen. Bernie Sander told the Washington Post.

The abortion switcheroo. In defiance of the specific guidance not to try to score political points by clapping at partisan applause lines in Francis’ speech, congressional conservatives leapt to their feet the moment Francis delivered the Vatican’s standard coded language about abortion, mentioning “our responsibility to protect and defend human life at every stage of its development.” Imagine their shock when he immediately followed that with, “This conviction had led me, from the beginning of my ministry, to advocate at different levels for the global abolition of the death penalty.” Psych.

Catholic social teaching has long put opposition to the death penalty on the same plane as opposition to abortion, most famously with Chicago Archbishop Joseph Bernardin’s “seamless garment” doctrine, which held sway in the mid-1980s as progressive bishops reminded Catholics that opposition to the death penalty and nuclear war was just as important as abortion

Calling arms deals “money drenched in blood.” Speaking of death, what about all those arms deals the Republicans are so fond of? Francis wanted to know who is selling the bad guys all these weapons and why: “Why are deadly weapons being sold to those who plan to inflict untold suffering on individuals and society?” The answer, according to the pontiff, is “money: money that is drenched in blood, often innocent blood. In the face of this shameful and culpable silence, it is our duty to confront the problem and to stop the arms trade.” I’m sure the GOP and all the defense contractors who give them money will get right on that. Reminding the GOP we’re all foreigners. As in his speech at the White House on Tuesday, Francis felt the need to once again remind those who are making intolerance toward immigrants their political stock-in-trade that they, like him, are likely the descendants of immigrant families. “[M]illions of people came to this land to pursue their dream of building a future in freedom,” he said, adding, “We, the people of this continent, are not fearful of foreigners, because most of us were once foreigners. I say this to you as the son of immigrants, knowing that so many of you are also descended from immigrants.” Catholic social teaching reminds Catholics of their duty to “welcome the stranger.” In one of the most moving passages of his speech, Francis said, “Let us seek for others the same possibilities which we seek for ourselves. Let us help others to grow, as we would like to be helped ourselves. In a word, if we want security, let us give security; if we want life, let us give life; if we want opportunities, let us provide opportunities.” Confronting the climate naysayers. Francis made it clear that combating climate change, development and technology can coexist. He explicitly rebuked many conservative critics of his climate change encyclical “Laudato si,” who claim that he is anti-commerce and wants to stifle development or reduce the world to subsistence-level farming to stop climate change. “The right use of natural resources, the proper application of technology and the harnessing of the spirit of enterprise are essential elements of an economy which seeks to be modern, inclusive and sustainable,” he said, adding, “In this regard, I am confident that America’s outstanding academic and research institutions can make a vital contribution in the years ahead.” On the plus for conservatives side, Francis did talk about the need for “the voice of faith to continue to be heard,” but in the case of this particular voice, conservatives probably wish he would just be quiet. Patricia Miller is the author of “Good Catholics: The Battle Over Abortion in the Catholic Church.” Her work on politics, sex and religion has appeared in the Atlantic, the Nation, Huffington Post, and Ms. Magazine.",1
4462,Charlie Hebdo: The French magazine's long history of polarization (+video),"Three masked gunmen killed 12 people, including two police officers, and wounded 10 when they opened fire Wednesday in Charlie Hebdo’s Paris offices – a dramatic escalation from previous threats and attacks on the satirical magazine.

While Charlie Hebdo’s provocative, no-holds-barred satire has provoked violent backlashes before, nothing in its history compares to Wednesday's deadly attack.

French authorities are hunting three masked gunmen believed to have killed 12 people, including two police officers, and wounded 10 when they opened fire in the magazine's offices in central Paris.

How Charlie Hebdo responds to Wednesday’s attack remains to be seen. But if the past is any indication, the magazine will stick to its mission of skewering a wide range of targets: from French politicians and police to religious leaders and historical figures. Charlie Hebdo prides itself on upholding France’s venerable tradition of unfettered mockery in the name of free speech and expression. It also considers itself in opposition to religious backwardness of all faiths.

“We’re a newspaper against religions as soon as they enter into the political and public realm,” Editor-in-Chief Gérard Biard told The New York Times in 2012, adding that religious leaders, and Islamic leaders in particular, have manipulated their followers for political purposes.

Charlie Hebdo was founded in 1970 by journalists from Hara-Kiri, a satirical publication that was banned that year for mocking the death of former President Charles de Gaulle. The magazine takes its name from the Charlie Brown cartoons originally re-printed in its pages. It has a reputation of for “garish front-page cartoons and incendiary headlines,” The BBC reports. ""Drawing on France's strong tradition of bandes dessinees [comic strips], cartoons and caricatures are Charlie Hebdo's defining feature.""

That includes violent or sexually explicit drawings of the pope, nuns, or the police that are guaranteed to offend the public. ""Anything to make a point,"" The BBC writes.

Charlie Hebdo’s brand of satire has made it a lightening rod in French society. The magazine angered many Muslims in 2006 when it reprinted cartoons of Muhammad that had originally appeared in Jyllands-Posten, a Danish newspaper. As The Christian Science Monitor reported at the time:

The reprinted cartoons prompted a lawsuit by two French Muslim groups, which accused Charlie Hebdo of slander. The magazine was later acquitted.

The magazine’s offices were firebombed in November 2011 after it published a cartoon of Muhammad with the title “Charia Hebdo” and a cover that promised “100 lashes if you don’t die laughing,” The Guardian reports.

And in 2012, the French government condemned Charlie Hebdo for again publishing several crude caricatures of Muhammad, some of which depicted him naked. The government condemned the decision to publish them as “irresponsible at a time of violence and unrest across the Islamic world” and urged the magazine to reconsider. When the magazine refused, the French government closed embassies, consulates, cultural centers, and schools in about 20 countries and increased security at the magazine’s offices.

With a weekly circulation of about 30,000, Charlie Hebdo has never been a top seller. It stopped publication from 1981 to 1992 for lack of resources and has recently issued appeals on its website for financial support. It may now find that its current plight taps a wider vein of sympathy.",1
1847,Martin O’Malley is running for president — and on Elizabeth Warren's platform,"For months, if not years now, various activists and journalists have been dreaming of an Elizabeth Warren presidential campaign.

Ideological media bias is greatly overstated by partisans, but bias in favor of interesting stories and against dull outcomes is massive and quite real. Barack Obama's 2007-2008 upset of Hillary Clinton was one of the best political stories of my lifetime, while Clinton's utter domination of the 2014-2015 invisible primary is one of the least fascinating. What's more, as Vox's Ezra Klein has argued, a Clinton-Warren race would give Democrats an interesting clash of ideas around the role of finance in the 21st century economy.

Unfortunately for the click-counters and cable news ratings, the Clinton-Warren race isn't going to happen. But if it's the ideas you're interested in, it's worth paying attention to former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley who is officially launching his campaign today and actually running on the issues people want to hear about from Warren.

In a March 20 op-ed for the Des Moines Register, O'Malley outlined an aggressive plan for financial reform that would go well beyond the provisions of the existing Dodd-Frank legislation.

These ideas would, if implemented, radically alter the role of finance in American society. Large financial institutions would have to act in an extremely risk-averse (and not-so-lucrative) manner and likely become substantially smaller besides. The Obama administration — and mostly likely Clinton — would argue that this is unnecessary for financial stability and risky for the economy as a whole.

But to populists, that's precisely the point. These ideas would move beyond a narrow focus on the stability of the financial system to a broader attack on finance's role as one of the commanding heights of the American economy.

In my experience, it is a lot easier to get people to click on articles about bank regulation if you can put Elizabeth Warren in the headline. O'Malley is not the same kind of draw.

If there's anything worth talking about regarding the 2016 Democratic nomination, O'Malley's critique of the Clinton-Obama-Clinton record on financial regulation is the thing to talk about. In an era of more polarized politics and more unified parties, this is the biggest cleavage in Democratic Party politics. The establishment view is that banks should be regulated for stability, and bankers should be taxed for redistributive purposes. But many activists and intellectuals want a further-reaching attack on the ""financialization"" of the economy and the political system — an attack that could be pursued in part through new legislation, but largely through more vigorous use of the existing regulatory and prosecutorial channels.

It would be more convenient for many of us if Warren were serving as standard-bearer for this alternative view. But the fact is that she isn't running, and O'Malley is. Covering the actual controversy makes more sense than pining for Warren.",1
1054,What Hillary Clinton Needs to Tell Voters Who Don’t Want to Have a Beer With Her,"We’re not electing a drinking buddy, we’re electing a president. Likeability is a smoke screen. And yes, it’s sexist besides.

With her latest primary wins, Hillary Clinton is all but guaranteed the Democratic nomination. But exit polls in some of the states where she has been victorious indicate that she is far from guaranteed the presidency. More pointedly, polls make it clear that if Hillary wants to win she may have to find the courage to admit something most women are afraid to.

While a majority of recent Democratic voters deemed Clinton trustworthy, Democrats who ranked honesty as the most important quality in their decision chose Bernie Sanders. Additionally more than half of Americans hold an unfavorable opinion of her. Clinton’s favorability numbers are still better than Donald Trump’s. But the question is not really whether a majority of American voters will choose Donald Trump. They won’t. The question is whether enough voters opposing his candidacy will turn out—on Election Day and as volunteers beforehand— for Hillary Clinton to win.

The even larger question, however, is why so many voters have such strong negative reactions to Hillary Clinton in the first place. After all, many of the same voters who disdain her for being “dishonest” will cheer for her husband. You know the one who actually did lie to all of us. Remember “I did not have sexual relations with that woman”?

Of course for many the distinction between how the two Clintons are viewed is clear. He’s a man and she’s a woman. We’ve all heard it said before, “A woman is called ‘difficult’ for behavior that gets a man hailed as ‘assertive.’” Bill Clinton is not seen as a liar, but simply as a mischievously rakish leader who was economical with the truth. Hillary, on the other hand, is a lying harpy.

I’m sure that sexism has played a role in how Hillary Clinton is perceived and critiqued by some. Because no woman in the public eye as much as she is or as long as she has been is immune to sexist critiques. (I get them regularly.) But the reality is that the real difference between Bill and Hillary Clinton is a difference all of us have faced in life, whether in junior high, or the office. Bill is simply more likable.

In the same way George W. Bush was seen as more fun and friendly than his more intellectually accomplished and responsible brother Jeb, Bill is preferred by most people with a pulse over his more responsible wife. Every election we hear about the importance of the so-called “beer test,” as in “who do voters want to have a beer with?” Hillary Clinton screams a lot of things, but person you want to chill with in your free time is not one of them. (Which is why President Obama’s backhanded compliment of Clinton as “likable enough” landed like the diss that it was.)

But I believe the real problem for Hillary Clinton is not that her husband is more likable than she is, but that it is obvious that she cares so much—like a lot of women do. I remember a conversation I had with a female friend just before an important meeting I was supposed to have with a prominent media person. I was nervous because for a variety of reasons I suspected the person I was meeting with might not be a personal fan of mine. When I finished laying out my concerns my friend—who is significantly more successful said: “This is the difference between men and women. Why do you care if he likes you or not? You got the meeting because his boss’s boss thinks you’re qualified, and if they tell him to work with you, he will.”

This may sound like a fairly unimportant anecdote in the context of a presidential campaign but for some of the women I’ve shared it with over the years it is revelatory. The reason: because women are taught early on to spend much of our time, energy and social capital pleasing others. Boys are taught to be smart. Girls are taught to be smart—but not at the expense of being popular, and certainly not at the expense of being pretty. Because after all, accomplishments ultimately mean very little in the big scheme of things if when it’s all said and done you’re a woman who is perceived as unattractive, unlovable and unlikable.

Hillary Clinton, the candidate voters don’t trust, was deemed the most trustworthy presidential candidate on terror following the recent Brussels attack. But of course that’s not quite the same as being loved or liked, but it does seem to indicate that plenty of Americans know that the job of president is far too serious to be decided the same way we decide who we want to sit with in the cafeteria in high school.

Instead of trying desperately to generate laughs on “Saturday Night Live” or “Broad City” or some other outlets her team of advisors have convinced her are essential to making her likable enough to win, she should finally do something most of us would never have the courage to do but wish that we did, which is to say this: “I know I’m not what you’d call likable and that you may not like me or think of me as a fun beer date. But I’m really qualified, and for a job this serious I think that’s what should matter. After all, do you care whether your heart surgeon is likable?”",1
2717,Rush Limbaugh is cooked: The stunning fall of the right’s angriest bloviator,"Which bulletin was worse, though? The news in April that he was being dropped by WIBC in Indianapolis, a booming talk powerhouse that played home to Limbaugh’s radio show for more than two decades, or the news this week that the talker’s new address on the Indianapolis dial is going to be WNDE, a ratings doormat AM sports station that has so few listeners it trails the commercial-free classical music outlet in town?

The humbling, red-state tumble is just the latest setback for the conservative talker who has seen his once-golden career suffer a steady series of losses recently.

Divorced from successful, longtime affiliates in places like New York, Los Angeles, Boston, and Indianapolis, Limbaugh’s professional trajectory is heading downward. That’s confirmed by the second and third-tier stations he now calls home in those important media markets, and the fact that when his show became available, general managers up and down the dial passed on it. Apparently turned off by the show’s hefty price tag, sagging ratings, and disappearing advertisers, Limbaugh continues to be a very hard sell.

It’s a precipitous fall from the glory days when the host posted huge ratings numbers, had affiliates clamoring to join his network, and dictated Republican politics. All of that seems increasingly distant now. With his comically inflated, $50 million-a-year syndication deal set to expire next year, Limbaugh’s future seems uncertain. “Who would even want someone whose audience is aging and is considered toxic to many advertisers,” askedRadioInsight last month.

For Limbaugh, the troubles were marked by key events from 2012 and 2013. The first came in the form of Limbaugh’s Sandra Fluke implosion, where he castigated and insulted for days the graduate student who testified before Congress about health care and access to contraception, calling her a “slut” and suggesting she post videos of herself having sex on the Internet. The astonishing monologues sparked an unprecedented advertiser exodus.

The following year, as the host struggled to hang on to fleeing sponsors, radio industry giant Cumulus Media decided to negotiate its Limbaugh contract in public, making it clear through the press that the company was willing to cut ties with the pricey host in major cities where Cumulus owned talk radio stations. In the end, Limbaugh stayed with Cumulus stations, but the company sent a clear signal to the industry: Limbaugh was no longer an untouchable and general managers weren’t clamoring to hire him. Since then, the talker’s fortunes have only faded.

Another looming problem? Conservative talk radio is a “format fewer advertisers are interested in buying because of its aging audience,” noted radio consultant and self-identified Republican Darryl Parks. Limbaugh himself recently conceded a generational disconnect: “Now that I’ve outgrown the 25-54 demographic, I’m no longer confident that the way I see the world is the way everybody else does.”

That disconnect may be fueling Limbaugh’s waning political influence. Once a mighty player whose ring wasconstantly kissed by Republicans, this campaign season seems to be unfolding with Limbaugh on the sidelines, his clout and his ability to drive the conversation seemingly surpassed by other conservative mediaplayers.

Here’s a perfect example. In April, Bloomberg’s Mark Halperin conducted an awkward interview with Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz, asking the Hispanic candidate about Cuban food and if he’d answer at least one question in Spanish. Limbaugh immediately castigated Halperin’s Q&A on his show, but nobody seemed to pay much attention to his complaints.

Fast-forward one week and syndicated conservative columnist Ruben Navarrette lodged similar complaints about the interview. (i.e. “This was bad journalism, bad form, and bad manners.”) Except this time the complaint went viral and Helperin was quickly forced to apologize. At BuzzFeed, a writer marveled at how Halperin’s controversial interview had gone unnoticed for nine days. But it hadn’t gone unnoticed. Limbaugh highlighted the interview right away. It’s just that nobody cared about the talker’s critique at the time. Limbaugh’s unfolding major-market woes will do little to boost his faltering influence. Last year he was bounced off a high-profile station in Los Angeles, shipped down the dial, and deposited on a has-been outlet (KEIB) that today has trouble securing a 1.0 rating, according to Nielsen ratings. Note that his forced farewell from WIBC in Indianapolis was likely painful. The station hosted the talker for 22 years before announcing in April it was time for him to go. Especially embarrassing for Limbaugh was the fact that WIBC is sticking with its conservative talk radio lineup, it just no longer wanted Limbaugh to be a part of it. Then, after WIBC announced it was dropping Rush, no stations in the market stepped forward to pick him up, which meant Limbaugh then had to be bailed out by iHeartMedia. Formerly known as Clear Channel, iHeartMedia owns the syndication company that produces and sells Limbaugh’s radio show, Premiere Radio Networks, and iHeartMedia owns hundreds of radio stations. So with no Indianapolis takers in sight, iHeartMedia was forced to shoe-horn Limbaugh onto its own, lowly rated all-sports channel in the market. (The station will soon be simulcast via a new iHeartMedia FM translator signal in the Indianapolis market.) “There’s no way iHeartMedia would’ve placed Limbaugh on an owned Sports station if the company had any other affiliation options in the market,” noted RadioInsight when the news broke on Tuesday. “But when everyone one else says no and you need to save face, options become limited.” That same desperate scenario is playing out in Boston, where Premier hasn’t been able to find a new home for Limbaugh. This, after WRKO announced it was dropping the show. One station owner recently told the Boston Globe that Premiere had offered the Limbaugh show four times, and four times the station turned it down. Fact: Years ago station owners lined up for the chance to pick up Limbaugh’s powerhouse program. Now, rumors are still swirling in Chicago that talk radio powerhouse WLS is poised to drop Limbaugh. The move was first reported in March and quickly denied by WLS’s owner, Cumulus Media. But Limbaugh’s ratings are clearly down in the Windy Cindy. According to a March report in the Chicago Tribune, Limbaugh’s WLS show ranks 24th in the market, drawing 121,000 listeners in a metropolitan area of roughly 10 million people. “The Chicago rumors come as no surprise to me,” wrote consultant Parks, “as three different Cumulus executives have told me on different occasions they wish they could get rid of Limbaugh’s show and they can’t sell it.” Ratings and revenue. That’s what the radio business has always revolved around. These days, Limbaugh’s having trouble delivering either.",1
4164,America’s looming freak show: How GOP control in 2015 will terrorize a nation – with no political repercussion,"Bill Scher made the argument from the left as well as anyone could, while this piece by the Wall Street Journal’s Gerald Seib, coming from the center-right, was more predictable and vexing. (Paul Waldman took a shot at it back in August, here.) The Washington Post’s Phillip Bump followed and endorsed Seib’s argument. But those takes rely at least in part on the notion that if Republicans gain the Senate, they’ll either have an incentive to help “govern” – or they’ll shame themselves in the eyes of the American public if they don’t. Unfortunately, neither premise is true.

In fact, I’m concerned that worsening political dysfunction perpetuates itself by convincing more Americans that politics is futile. The Obama coalition in particular – younger, less white, less well off than even prior coalitions of Democrats – has gotten so little that’s tangible from its history-making turnout in 2012 (and yes I’ve read that Krugman piece and I mostly agree.) The prospect of its coalescing to become a permanent force in American politics has been at least postponed, if not thwarted entirely, by the deliberate GOP sabotage of the political process.

For me, the backdrop to this depressing midterm election is not merely ISIS and Ebola, but continued unrest in Ferguson, Mo., where it seems unlikely Officer Darren Wilson will face consequences for shooting Michael Brown. From New York to Los Angeles, the issue of police violence just gets worse. There’s increasing activism on the issue, which is great to see – the crowds that turned out for “Ferguson October” over the weekend, and into Monday, were inspiring.

Yet little of the activism is tied to voting, at least partly because the electoral system has done so little to solve the problem, even in cities with liberal mayors. New York alone has paid a half billion out to the victims of police abuse just since 2009. I’m excited by the new young leadership on police issues even as I’m worried about this election – and maybe that combination makes me uniquely unable to deal with the notion that Democrats losing the Senate next month could have a silver lining.

Bill Scher reprised his Politico argument on MSNBC’s “Up with Steve” on Saturday, continuing to press the case that Republicans will suffer politically “if they look like a completely dysfunctional party incapable of governing.” (Scher, unlike Seib, holds out no false hope that the GOP will get its act together and compromise with Obama if it wins back the Senate.)

But Republicans already look like a completely dysfunctional party incapable of governing, and they’re on the verge of another great midterm win. A year after the government shutdown, it’s shocking even to me how little it ultimately cost the party politically. Everyone knew that October 2013 polls weren’t as important as October 2014, and that the GOP would have a year to recover – but even I didn’t believe that they would, so completely.

The shutdown cost the economy $24 billion in growth. It showed the nation the incompetence of House GOP leadership. It exposed the civil war in the Senate. The country saw that the party was craven, dysfunctional, agenda-free and not merely incapable of governing, but uninterested in it. After the shutdown, the share of voters identifying themselves as Republican dropped to 25 percent in Gallup polling, the lowest level in 25 years, and polls showed Democrats might have a shot at taking back the House.

But a year later, Republicans are in no danger of losing the House and have a better than even chance to take back the Senate. Even at the time, it was clear that a feckless, frenetic media — which immediately went on to treat Obamacare web site glitches as just as catastrophic as the GOP’s shutdown debacle — would let the party off the hook. Yet so have voters. The Republican base is more than content to have its leaders do nothing but block and sabotage Obama. And the Democratic base still disproportionately sits out the midterms, which lets the obstructionists dominate the agenda. Seib holds out hope that a GOP Senate might be able to deliver on immigration reform. Continued Beltway optimism about that prospect is delusional. Given that the Senate already passed a (slightly bipartisan) bill, GOP control won’t change anything. Sadly, even the president fell for the fiction that the House would eventually take up the issue for far too long, postponing executive action on deferring deportations so that he couldn’t do it before the midterms – and now there’s worry about depressed Latino 2014 turnout as a result. Let’s hope nobody in the White House falls for that again. Scher takes special comfort from the fact that 2016 looms, giving the GOP “the opportunity to work out its dysfunctional family issues under the white-hot spotlight of a presidential campaign.” There’s no doubt 2016 will be much better for Democrats. The base turns out for presidential elections, and the Senate map that year will be as tough on Republicans as it is in 2014 on Democrats, forcing the GOP to defend more seats and offering their rivals more pickups. All of that is a given. But even a 2016 rout is unlikely to force Republicans to focus on a policy agenda and commit to governing again. All they have to do is thwart the plans of President Hillary Clinton, or whomever, and reap the rewards two years later. Until the Democrats’ structural disadvantage in voter turnout is corrected, American politics is an endless feedback loop of futility: little or no policy change leads to a discouraged electorate, which ensures little or no policy change, which guarantees more voter apathy. Democrats may yet keep the Senate, and if they do it will come down to greater grassroots and national emphasis on turning out unmarried women voters (more on that later this week). But if they don’t, there will be no silver lining. Sure, it will be entertaining to watch de facto House Speaker Ted Cruz make life even more miserable for Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell. It’s a given that the 2016 Republican primary race will be as big a freak show as 2012 (and maybe even with Mitt Romney again too!) But this optimist no longer believes the GOP will pay any lasting price for more cartoonish dysfunction. But the rest of us will, for a long time.",1
3949,Russia plays down idea of coalition with West to strike ISIS in Syria,"The Kremlin on Friday played down the possibility of a grand coalition with the West to strike the Islamic State in Syria, despite personal visits by French President François Hollande to both Washington and Moscow following a spate of horrific terrorist attacks tied to the militant group.

“At the moment, unfortunately, our partners are not ready to work as one coalition,” Dmitry Peskov, President Vladimir Putin’s personal spokesman, told reporters during a conference call on Friday.

Peskov’s comments came less than 24 hours after Putin sounded hopeful notes at a meeting with Hollande in the Kremlin, where he said Russia “was ready to cooperate with the coalition which is led by the United States.”

[Putin says Russia ready to coordinate with West]

But Russia has sought cooperation on its terms, providing diplomatic and now military shelter to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and attacking rebel groups that include the Islamic State but also more moderate opponents of Assad backed by Western countries. President Obama and other Western leaders have sought to bring Putin into a U.S.-led coalition instead, a force that Putin has called illegal because it is launching airstrikes in Syria without Assad’s permission.

French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius raised the prospect Friday that Assad’s troops could be used against the Islamic State, but only in the context of a political transition in Syria that would remove Assad from power, French news media reported. The Islamic State, a heavily armed al-Qaeda offshoot also known as ISIS and ISIL, has declared a caliphate in tracts of Iraq and Syria under its control and has claimed responsibility for terrorist attacks against Russia and the West.

The opposing goals of Russia and Assad’s opponents burst into conflict Tuesday when Turkey shot down a Russian warplane that was allegedly in its airspace. Russian and Turkish political analysts have said the plane was more likely targeted because Russia had been bombing Turkish-trained Turkmen rebels in Syria’s north.

One pilot of the Su-24 attack aircraft was killed after parachuting from the stricken plane. Another was rescued, but a Russian marine was killed in the operation.

Putin called the shootdown a “stab in the back” and has refused to take phone calls from Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan since.

“There have been requests from Erdogan of a telephone conversation in the past two days,” Russian presidential aide Yuri Ushakov told reporters Friday, the Interfax news agency reported.

When asked why Putin had not taken those calls, he said: “We see Turkey’s non-readiness to bring elementary apologies over the aircraft incident.”

Erdogan has also formally asked for a meeting with Putin when the two join other world leaders in Paris on Monday for the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. Peskov said Putin has been informed of the request but has not said whether he would meet with Erdogan.

Russia is introducing widespread sanctions against the Turkish government because of the shootdown. The Russian government took aim at deep tourism ties between the two countries on Friday, as Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov announced that Russia would cancel a free-visa regime with Turkey, a move that would likely be reciprocated by the Turkish government.

Putin’s two-month-old intervention in the Syrian civil war was seen as a way for Russia to break out of international isolation after the West imposed sanctions over Moscow’s 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and its backing of pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.

Peskov said Putin and Hollande on Thursday did not discuss the possibility of repealing the European Union’s financial and individual sanctions against Russia.",1
4657,Trump cuts off fundraising events for Republican Party,"Donald Trump's campaign has ended fundraising events meant to support the Republican Party's get-out-the-vote efforts in next month's elections.

Aides to the Republican nominee told Fox News on Tuesday that Trump Victory, the joint fundraising committee for the GOP and the campaign, held its most recent fundraiser on Oct. 19 and no more such events were scheduled.

The move, which was first reported by The Washington Post, cuts off a key money source for Republicans hoping to keep hold of both houses of Congress.

""We’ve kind of wound down,"" Trump national finance chairman Steven Mnuchin told the Post. ""But the online fundraising continues to be strong.""

By contrast, the Post reported that Democrat Hillary Clinton's campaign has scheduled 41 fundraising events between now and Nov. 4. The former secretary of state was scheduled to make her last personal fundraising appearance Tuesday in Miami.

Mnuchin told the paper that the real estate mogul was focusing on making his final pitch to the voters at a campaign events rather than raising money in the final two weeks of the race.

""We have minimized his fundraising schedule over the last month to emphasize his focus on political [events],"" Mnuchin said of the candidate. ""Unlike Hillary, who has been fundraising and not out and about, he has constantly been out and about.""

According to the Post, the Republican National Committee had collected $40 million through Trump Victory as of Sept. 30.

RNC spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said the organization ""[continues] to fundraise for the entire GOP ticket.""

Meanwhile, Politico reported Tuesday that the Senate Leadership Fund, a Super PAC with ties to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was putting $25 million into seven Senate races deemed crucial in determining the balance of power on Capitol hill.

Click for more from The Washington Post.",1
2811,Afghan intelligence officials confirm death of Taliban leader Mullah Omar,"DEVELOPING: Afghan's main intelligence agency has confirmed that Mullah Mohammed Omar, the mysterious one-eyed leader of the Taliban who has had a $10 million price on his head since 9/11, is dead, a development that could signal a power struggle within the group.

Abdul Hassib Seddiqi, the spokesman for Afghanistan's National Directorate of Security, said Wednesday that Mullah Omar died in a hospital in the Pakistani city of Karachi in April 2013.

""We confirm officially that he is dead,"" he told The Associated Press.

The White House said the reports of Omar’s death “are credible,” and a senior U.S. official told Fox News that Omar has been dead since April 2013, likely due to a liver or kidney issue.

The Office of President Ashraf Ghani also released a statement confirming Omar's death.

""The government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, based on credible information, confirms that Mullah Mohammad Omar, leader of the Taliban died in April 2013 in Pakistan,"" the statement said. ""The government of Afghanistan believes that grounds for the Afghan peace talks are more paved now than before, and thus calls on all armed opposition groups to seize the opportunity and join the peace process.""

Afghan government sources told the BBC early Wednesday morning that Omar, who went into hiding after U.S. forces drove the Taliban from Kabul for harboring Al Qaeda leader Usama bin Laden while his forces plotted and executed the attacks on the World Trade Center, may have been been dead for as long as three years. Rumors of his death have surfaced previously, but this is the first time they have been addressed by top government sources.

There was no immediate comment from Washington, where a long-standing reward of $10 million had been offered by the State Department for information leading to Omar's capture.

Earlier, Taliban spokesman Qari Yousef Ahmadi rebuffed Wednesday's reports of Omar's death, according to Sky News.

""According to my information Mullah Omar is still alive and leading the movement,"" Ahmadi said.

The cause of Omar's death was not known. A report in the Express Tribune newspaper of Karachi, Pakistan, quoted a member of the Taliban's central leadership council who said Omar had died of tuberculosis in early 2013 and had been buried somewhere in Afghanistan. The paper, citing Taliban sources, reported that a new leader of the Islamist group would be elected before July 31.

Nasir Shansab, a former Afghan industrialist who has advised many groups in the region, said Wednesday's report of Omar's demise ""certainly"" seemed more credible than past rumors. Shansab said, however, that Omar's fate was largely irrelevant.

""Whether Mullah Omar lives or died years ago is in my view fairly marginal,"" he said. ""Whatever the Taliban does is really Pakistan. Pakistan makes the decisions and Pakistan is in total control of what the Taliban do.""

The reclusive Omar, of whom only a few photos are known to exist, has not been seen publicly since his fall from power in 2001, leading to several reports of his demise.

Earlier this month, a message purporting to be from Omar was released backing peace talks with the Kabul government. The statement said the talks were necessary to ""bring an end to the [foreign] occupation and to establish an independent Islamic system in [Afghanistan]."" However, that message was in the form of a text statement published on a Taliban website rather than an audio or video recording, fueling rumors that Omar was dead or otherwise incapacitated.

In recent years, the Taliban had become increasingly divided among rival factions, with some insurgents opting to pledge their allegiance to ISIS. However, Omar still enjoyed the loyalty of many local figures.

The Taliban's succession process could become complicated.

Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar, a top Omar deputy, was reportedly next in line to head the Taliban. He was freed from a Pakistani prison in September 2013, though it’s unclear if he’s been able to rejoin the terror group’s leadership, according to the Express Tribune.

Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Mansoor was reportedly named a top deputy to Baradar in 2010, and Mansoor has since become the Afghan Taliban’s acting chief.

Mansoor is now reportedly vying for the Afghan Taliban top post, a rise opposed by Mullah Omar’s eldest son, Mullah Mohammad Yaqoub, who is also trying to become the group's leader, according to Pakistan’s The News.

Mansoor has had his Taliban reputation “widely damaged for spreading news of Mullah Omar’s death,” according to the Express Tribune.

In the wake of the departure of NATO combat forces at the end of last year, the Taliban have stepped up attacks on Afghan troops, which are now in charge of security in the country.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3461,Supreme Court throws out conviction for violent Facebook postings,"The Supreme Court on Monday made it harder for prosecutors to convict those who make violent statements on Facebook and other social media, saying it is not enough that an ordinary person would find the rants threatening.

In its first examination of the murky rules regarding conduct on the Internet, the court moved cautiously while throwing out the conviction of a Pennsylvania man whose postings, delivered in rap-lyric style, suggested killing his estranged wife, federal law enforcement officials and even a kindergarten class.

Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr., noting that Anthony Douglas Elonis had said he intended his postings to be fictitious and even therapeutic, said a defendant’s state of mind had to be considered.

But the opinion offered little in the way of specifics about what must be proved for a conviction, and Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr. criticized the opinion as more confusing than enlightening.

“This failure to decide throws everyone from appellate judges to everyday Facebook users into a state of uncertainty,” Thomas wrote in dissent.

The narrow opinion said it was not necessary to address whether the First Amendment’s guarantee of free speech protected Elonis’s Facebook statements. The opinion also declined to take a position on whether it would be enough for a conviction to show that a defendant had been reckless in making inflammatory statements, as Alito proposed.

For the justices, it was sufficient for now, Roberts wrote, to correct a misinterpretation by most lower courts that the poster’s intent is immaterial and what matters only is how the message is received.

Roberts defended the majority’s go-slow approach. “Such prudence is nothing new,” he wrote.

Steven R. Shapiro, legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union, said the law “for centuries required the government to prove criminal intent before putting someone in jail. That principle is especially important when a prosecution is based on a defendant’s words.”

He added, “The Internet does not change this long-standing rule.”

Groups battling domestic violence and advocating for victims said they worried the ruling would make it harder to convict those who make threats and said the ease and accessibility of social media have made the problem worse.

“The Internet is the crime scene of the 21st century. The laws governing social media require swift interpretation to keep pace with the ever-advancing criminal activity in this space,” said Mai Fernandez, executive director of the National Center for Victims of Crime. She said the justices had left victims in jeopardy.

“Threats play a central role in domestic abuse and is a core tactic that many abusers employ,” said Kim Gandy, president of the National Network to End Domestic Violence, adding that threats cause devastating harm “regardless of whether the abuser intended to threaten or only intended to vent or to make a joke.”

Writing about his estranged wife, Tara, Elonis had posted: “There’s one way to love you but a thousand ways to kill you. I’m not going to rest until your body is a mess, soaked in blood and dying from all the little cuts.”

At oral argument six months ago, justices seemed to agree there was a need for more than the “reasonable person” standard — which says that a reasonable person would consider a particular statement to be a threat — but there was no consensus on exactly what that standard should be. The limited ruling issued Monday and the length of time required to produce it indicated that no such agreement on a different standard had emerged.

Roberts said there is “no dispute” that the state-of-mind requirement is satisfied “if the defendant transmits a communication for the purpose of issuing a threat, or with knowledge that the communication will be viewed as a threat.”

But Alito, who agreed the case should be sent back to lower courts, said the decision left too many unanswered questions.

“The court refuses to explain what type of intent was necessary,” Alito complained. “Did the jury need to find that Elonis had the purpose of conveying a true threat? Was it enough if he knew that his words conveyed such a threat? Would recklessness suffice? . . . Attorneys and judges are left to guess.”

[Supreme Court case tests the limits of free speech on Facebook and other social media]

Paraphrasing the famous holding from Marbury v. Madison that it is the court’s prerogative to say what the law is, Alito said the court was announcing, “It is emphatically the prerogative of this court to say only what the law is not.”

The justices were considering a federal law that makes it a crime to communicate “any threat to injure the person of another.”

Prosecutors said there was no doubt Elonis was doing that on his Facebook feed during a two-month period in 2010. His wife had left with their two children, and Elonis, then 27 and working at an Allentown amusement park, grew increasingly despondent and angry.

He was fired and responded with a post about being a nuclear bomb about to explode. He pondered making a name for himself by shooting up an elementary school.

That brought a visit from an FBI agent, and the prolific Elonis later posted a fantasy about slitting the agent’s throat and turning her into a “ghost.”

Elonis was convicted after a judge told jurors that the government needed to prove only that Elonis made the statements and that a reasonable person would foresee that the words would be interpreted as “a serious expression of an intention to inflict bodily injury or take the life of an individual.”

Elonis served three years of a 44-month sentence before being released from prison.

The Philadelphia-based U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit upheld the conviction, saying Elonis’s subjective intent in writing his postings did not matter.

The Morning Call reported in April that Elonis had been arrested by police in Freemansburg, Pa., on charges of hitting his girlfriend’s mother with a pot.

The cases is Elonis v. U.S.",1
3830,Obama oval office speech aims to reassure nation over terror threats,"Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama will try to reassure a nervous nation on Sunday that he has a plan to defeat the fast-evolving threat of terrorism, as fears multiply of ISIS attacks on the homeland and public trust in his handling of the threat has dipped to record lows.

Obama's rare 8 p.m. ET Oval Office address reflects growing anxiety that the global showdown with the extremist group has now spread to U.S. soil following a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California , that authorities are treating as terrorism.

His appearance comes at a time of public disquiet over terrorism and a political debate over the threat, now consuming the 2016 campaign , raging at levels not seen since the aftermath of the September 11 attacks in 2001 . Obama has also struggled to convince critics he has a viable strategy for destroying ISIS in the Middle East and has been accused of downplaying the threat from the group for political reasons.

Obama will use Sunday night's address to pledge to use of every available tool to keep American people safe and destroy ISIS, senior administration official says.

The gravity of the occasion is underscored by Obama's decision to use the symbolic power of the Oval Office for only the third time in his presidency, following addresses on the Gulf of Mexico oil spill and the end of the Iraq war in 2010.

In a new CNN/ORC poll released on Sunday, 60% of Americans disapproved of Obama's handling of terrorism -- up nine points since May. Two thirds of those polled, meanwhile, said they disapproved of the president's handling of ISIS.

The poll was conducted before the attacks in San Bernardino and also showed a shift in public opinion on how to tackle the group -- with a majority -- 53% -- for the first time saying the U.S. should send ground troops to fight ISIS. And 68% said the American response to the group's rise had not been sufficiently aggressive.

Those figures reflect Obama's struggle so far to convince critics he has a viable strategy for destroying ISIS in its self-declared caliphate in Iraq and Syria and after he has been accused of downplaying the threat from the group for political reasons.

The figures tracked with a a Washington Post/ABC News poll last month, after an ISIS rampage in Paris but also before the California attack, that found that a record low of 40% of Americans approved of Obama's handling of terrorism and only 35%

""He will reiterate his firm conviction that ISIL will be destroyed and that the United States will draw upon our values -- our unwavering commitment to justice, equality and freedom -- to prevail over terrorist groups that use violence to advance a destructive ideology,"" said White House spokesman Josh Earnest.

Sunday's address also seems to be an implicit acknowledgment that Obama has failed to convince Americans that he is prepared to take on the ISIS threat, amid widespread criticism of his strategy and rhetoric on the issue that keeps being overtaken by events.

Republicans have redoubled attacks following the California killings to fire up a hawkish party base ahead of early nominating contests and to suggest that Obama's policy isn't working and that the president does not understand the threat.

""Why on earth did the Obama administration not know this ahead of time and stop them before they carried out this terror attack?"" Cruz said of the California shooting.

""Moving forward, this is not going to be the last attempt to attack the homeland,"" Rubio said.

""People are dead. A lot of people are dead right now,"" Trump said on CBS ""Face the Nation"" on Sunday.. ""So everybody wants to be politically correct, and that's part of the problem that we have with our country.""

The real estate mogul also said he would ""live tweet"" the President's address.

Other candidates have warned the United States is in a war of civilizations with radical Islam and that a new ""world war"" has reached U.S. soil.

Such political fury complicates Obama's effort to ease public fears of terrorism and to build support to confront two critical problems -- the expanding battle against ISIS and its evolving tactics and his own political vulnerabilities on the issue.

His speech comes at an alarming moment.

Terrorism experts are warning that the San Bernardino attack could be the harbinger of a much more acute threat to U.S. soil.

'More of what we can expect'

""Unfortunately I think it is more of what we can expect in the future -- whether it is copy cats or whether you have, again, either ISIS-aligned or inspired or ISIS-directed individuals,"" said Dean Alexander, director of the Homeland Security Research Program at Western Illinois University. ""It might instigate ISIS to take a more proactive approach to send individuals here to the U.S. or to try to recruit.""

Such a ""self radicalization"" scenario by Muslims on U.S. soil has long been feared by anti-terrorism experts who say such attacks are nearly impossible for the administration to detect and stop.

But critics say he has consistently underplayed the threat from ISIS because its rise conflicts with his assurances that he has severely degraded the threat from global terror -- a key legacy issue as he nears the end of his second term.

""Instead of being contained, they're conducting or inspiring spectacular terrorist operations on multiple continents -- including now in the United States. ISIS affiliates are spreading across the Middle East and south Asia.""

Under increasing pressure to toughen his rhetoric, Obama is also likely to use his address to counter claims the United States is somehow at war with Islam itself.

""They can't beat us on the battlefield, so they try to terrorize us into being afraid, and changing our patterns of behavior, and panicking, and abandoning our allies and partners, and retreating from the world,"" Obama said at a press conference in Malaysia last month.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie rejected the idea that Muslims would be offended by the use of specific terminology to describe the threat.

""Now when you say radical Islamic jihadist, they understand, the rest of the Muslim community understands,"" Christie said on ""Face the Nation.""

But Clinton said on ABC News ""This Week"" that throwing around such terms actually helped the extremists.

""It helps to create this clash of civilizations that is actually a recruiting tool for ISIS and other radical jihadists who use this as a way of saying, 'We are in a war against the West -- you must join us,'"" she said.

""We must never accept the premise that they put forward because it is a lie,"" Obama said in February.

""Nor should we grant these terrorists the religious legitimacy that they seek. They are not religious leaders. They are terrorists.""",1
14,How Planned Parenthood hoax avoids the truth,"Errol Louis is the host of ""Inside City Hall,"" a nightly political show on NY1, a New York all-news channel. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) Years ago, when I hosted a daily talk-radio show, one of the cardinal rules laid down by my program director was to avoid booking guests or taking phone calls from listeners who wanted to debate abortion, gay marriage or the death penalty. All three issues -- and especially abortion -- were considered a conversational dead-end, on which nearly all intelligent adults have already made up their minds.

Any sort of abortion ""debate"" would inevitably turn into a shoutfest yielding circular arguments, bad feelings and bored listeners.

I thought about that rule of thumb as I read about the elaborate media hoax ginned up by the Center for Medical Progress, a right-wing group trying to discredit and defund Planned Parenthood.

Taking a page from the falsehoods and selectively-edited videos that brought about the defunding and bankruptcy of the left-wing advocacy group ACORN, the Center for Medical Progress strategy is to create a narrative, claim that its videos constitute damning evidence, and repeat that story enough times to give politicians the ""proof"" they need to attack Planned Parenthood.

That plan appears to have fizzled already, with the failure of a Senate vote this week to defund Planned Parenthood. But that won't stop the anti-abortion advocates, who will always see themselves as just one more rally, prayer vigil or media hoax away from ultimate victory.

Despite the extensive preparation and deceit that went into the plan, the hoax won't shift the country's decades-long stalemate over abortion by so much as a millimeter. As it says in the book of Ecclesiastes: ""What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun.""

By law, women getting abortions can voluntarily donate the tissue from that procedure to medical research, and by law the abortion provider can request nominal reimbursement $30 to $100 in most cases -- for saving, packing and shipping the tissue to a research firm.

The details of the process are enough to trouble anyone: non-medical people don't talk about the price of requesting, removing and shipping organs and pieces of flesh from place to place. Most of us would freak out if we listened to professionals in the local hospita l, funeral home or medical examiner's office discuss details of how a dying person's request to have their body parts donated for transplants or scientific research actually gets carried out.

It turns out that cadavers, livers, kidneys, eyes and other organs don't walk themselves over to the local hospital or medical school for free.

So let's acknowledge up front that some startling, even grisly conversations will inevitably follow when women getting an abortion agree to donate the stem cells and other tissue to scientific research. But that doesn't equate to selling body parts.

Transcripts of the videos created by the Center for Medical Progress show instances of the hoaxers posing as medical middlemen, trying to lure Planned Parenthood staffers into talking about how money gets paid to abortion providers who take nominal reimbursements for moving body tissue from clinics to research facilities.

And in case after case, what emerges is medical professionals highly aware and cognizant of their duty to be careful and ethical about their words and actions.

""Really their bottom line is, they want to break even. Every penny they save is just pennies they give to another patient. To provide a service the patient wouldn't get,"" says Dr. Deborah Nucatola, senior director of medical services for Planned Parenthood Federation.

Later in the same conversation she says: ""we're not looking to make money from this. Our goal is to keep access available. And if we do something that makes a target, that just removes access for everybody.""

And later: ""Our goal, like I said, is to give patients the option without impacting our bottom line. The messaging is this should not be seen as a new revenue stream, because that's not what it is.""

On and on it goes, in each of these supposedly ""bombshell"" videos, forming what could be called an inkblot conversation, similar to the Rorschach tests in which the viewer looks at an inkblot and describes what picture they see.

To those already convinced that abortions should be safe, legal and rare, it looks like Planned Parenthood is responsibly doing exactly what a medical provider should. People who already want to ban all abortions everywhere will see the conversations as some nefarious trade in baby parts.

In other words, the videos are less an investigative expose than a mirror in which a divided nation can look at its view on abortion.",1
984,Strong organization helps Cruz dominate Colorado delegate hunt,"Colorado Springs, Colorado (CNN) Ted Cruz on Saturday clinched the support of every pledged delegate in Colorado, capturing all of the final 13 delegates who will go to the national convention in July and demonstrating his organizational strength in the all-important delegate race.

Even though voters didn't head to the polls Saturday, Cruz's strength here could help deny Donald Trump the 1,237 delegates that he needs to clinch the nomination.

Cruz's victory Saturday, combined with delegates he had already earned, hands him 30 of the 37 delegates across the state who are legally bound to support him on the first ballot at the convention, along with four other delegates who gave him verbal commitments of support.

""Today was another resounding victory for conservatives, Republicans, and Americans who care about the future of our country,"" the Cruz campaign said a statement. ""Utah, North Dakota, Wisconsin, and tonight's incredible results in Colorado have proven this: Republicans are uniting behind our campaign because they want a leader with real solutions who will bring back jobs, freedom, and security.""

Earlier in the afternoon, Cruz had urged state Republicans here at the Broadmoor Arena to help him defeat Trump.

""If we continue to stand united, we are going to win this Republican nomination. We are going to win the general election. We are going to win the state of Colorado and we are going to turn this country around,"" Cruz said to huge cheers from the arena floor.

In yet another sign of his airtight ground game, Cruz spoke before a huge screen displaying his slate of delegates for the final 13 spots, and he noted that his slate was also printed on the bright orange T-shirts that his many volunteers were wearing on the state convention floor.

Trump's campaign, by contrast, initially distributed fliers listing the campaign's national delegate candidates that were riddled with errors. The flier displaying the Trump slate is supposed to be the tip sheet that party members use to fill out their ballot. But on the first slate that the Trump campaign was giving out, more than a half dozen of their delegate candidates were listed with the wrong delegate number. At least one of the delegate numbers corresponded to a delegate supporting Cruz.

The Trump campaign reprinted the flier, but the second flier also included several errors.

Before the voting began, Trump campaign adviser Patrick Davis said in an interview that the team had been given ""incomplete"" information by the Colorado Republican Party about delegate numbers.

Later in the evening, as the votes were being counted, senior Trump adviser Alan Cobb said several supporters had told the campaign that their ballot number had changed numerous times or that their name did not appear on the party's official list of national delegate candidates even though they had filled out the proper paperwork.

Alan Cobb, the senior adviser to Trump, said the campaign was looking into the reports of balloting problems and was not ruling out a challenge to seating the Colorado delegation at the national convention in July.

A spokesman for the state party said it was looking into the reports but had no immediate comment.

It was unclear how much confusion that caused, but the Trump campaign has acknowledged that it did not expect to win any delegates in Colorado.

While there was fervent enthusiasm for Cruz, former New Hampshire Sen. John E. Sununu, who was Ohio Gov. John Kasich's surrogate at the gathering, was greeted with polite applause.

""We've got to unify behind that candidate who will win,"" Sununu told the crowd, pointing to Kasich's strength in general election polling matchups with Hillary Clinton. Kasich, however, had not won any delegates as of Saturday afternoon.

Trump campaign surrogate Stephen Miller, a policy adviser to the real estate magnate, drew a warmer response by opening his speech with a focus on the issue that helped carry Trump to the top of the Republican field: Immigration.

""Do you think the United States of America needs to secure its border?"" Miller asked the crowd, which shouted ""Yes"" in response. Before even mentioning Trump's candidacy, Miller went on to read letters from parents who he said had lost their children to ""illegal immigrant violence.""

""These Americans deserve a voice and I am going to give it to them today,"" Miller said. ""It's the powerless who are standing up behind Mr. Trump.""

Cruz dominated the intricate delegate selection process of the Colorado Republican Party, and in this pivotal swing state, a strong campaign organization has often made the difference between defeat and victory in the race to the White House.

In this first round for the GOP, Team Cruz once again proved its mettle -- far outpacing the efforts of Trump and Kasich in the scramble for delegates at each of the congressional district gatherings this week.

By late Friday, Cruz had swept all the available delegates in the state's seven congressional districts.

In the final rounds of a messy and chaotic process Friday, candidates vying to be one of Colorado's delegates lined up along the walls of the ballroom at a Doubletree hotel here waiting their turn to deliver campaign speeches. ""You have 10 seconds. Go!"" a party official barked as the first candidate stepped to the microphone Friday morning.

Cruz volunteers seemed to be everywhere, working the hallways where party members were crammed shoulder to shoulder among vendors peddling Cruz infinity scarves and Trump-style ""Make America Great Again"" hats. In one corner, a hot pink handwritten sign lured the undecided over to talk to ""Cruz Persuasion Teams.""

The ballroom floor was littered Cruz campaign slates (the tip sheets indicating which delegates are endorsed by the campaign). Scattered across the room were glossy copies of the ""Donald Trump Voter Guide,"" which is actually an anti-Trump pamphlet distributed by one of the super PACs that is trying to defeat him.

Amid all the jostling, shouting and chaos throughout the day Friday, delegates aligned with Cruz won again and again.

Trump still maintains a wide lead over Cruz in the delegate count as the two candidates attempt to win the 1,237 delegates needed to clinch the Republican nomination.

But at a time when a contested convention looks increasingly likely, there was palpable disdain for Trump's candidacy among the GOP faithful here. His string of unforced errors, nasty tweets and controversial policy statements in recent weeks have clearly taken a toll.

""The momentum against Trump at the activist level is just frothing,"" said Josh Penry, a former state senator who was Marco Rubio's state chairman in Colorado. ""There was a time when Trump could have competed in Colorado. That time has long since passed. ... Among the activists, the tide has turned against him dramatically.""

Trump canceled a planned rally in Colorado this week as he focused his efforts on New York, which holds its critical primary on April 19.

While Trump had some fervent supporters here at the state convention, it was clear from the speeches delivered by delegate candidates that his appeal has worn thin for many Republicans -- a testament to how much work the real estate magnate would have to do to unite the party if he becomes the nominee.

At Thursday night's gathering for Colorado's 7th Congressional District, 19-year-old student Angel Merlos urged the crowd to elect him as a Cruz delegate to the convention, because he said the nation's values and morals were at stake if Trump were to become the Republican nominee.

""Morality is about how you act, how you speak, and how you carry yourself,"" Merlos said in interview after his brief speech in Arvada. ""I believe Trump has no morals because he lies about many things. ... He contradicts himself on everything.""

""He thinks he knows what will help the immigration problem, but he doesn't,"" Merlos continued. ""He talks about a wall -- that may do something. I don't know exactly what it will do. But he uses immigrants to help him build his buildings, and yet he's so cruel and harsh"" when he talks about them, Merlos said.

Delegate candidate David Head ran as an ""unpledged"" delegate in the hope of serving as a voice against Trump on the floor of Republican convention in July.

""I think he would be a disaster for both the Republican Party and the country,"" said Head, who owns an insurance business in Westminster, Colorado, with his son.

""He confuses intimidation and bluster with straight talk and honesty. I think he is anti-woman. I think he is saying whatever he thinks will sell to get him a vote, and I think he's playing on the fears and prejudices of a lot of people to intimidate people into voting for him.""

Libby Szabo, a Jefferson County Commissioner who won a slot as a Cruz delegate to the national convention, said as a conservative, she was troubled by Trump's recent comments about punishing women who have illegal abortions. (Trump backed off that position after an uproar from opposite sides of the political spectrum.)

""I like that he has started a dialogue in our party that we need to have. I just don't see him as being consistent,"" Szabo said. ""One week he says one thing, the next week he says another thing.""

Trump campaign looks to step up operation

Beyond the simmering anti-Trump sentiment here, Cruz's strength in the delegate chase in Colorado (as well as states like North Dakota, Louisiana and Tennessee) has once again exposed the deficiencies of Trump's organizing operation, which is scrambling to catch up.

Trump's allies insist there is still time to streamline their delegate wrangling operation and time to persuade even those who are resistant to his brand of politics at this moment.

One Trump adviser said they entered the Colorado GOP contests with the expectation of winning ""zero delegates"" -- and were pleased at the end of the day Friday that they had won two alternate delegates pledged to Trump in Congressional District 4.

""This is just the beginning of a four-month process to convince the unpledged delegates and alternates in Colorado that Donald Trump means what he says, he's going to make America great again,"" said Davis, a Colorado-based political consultant who joined the Trump team this week after Trump's campaign manager fired their Colorado state director.

In conversations with Cruz supporters, Davis brushed off questions about Trump's poor standing in general election match-ups with Hillary Clinton, arguing that ""polls taken today, six months away from November, are garbage, and will not be predictive on election day.""

As for Cruz's clear organizational advantage, Davis said Trump's team remains undaunted.

""This is an insider's game,"" Davis said, as he waited for the final votes of the day to be tabulated. ""Nowhere in America, including Colorado, are insiders the heart and soul of the Trump campaign.""

But the question is whether Trump can get geared up in time to win that insider's game.

His campaign announced an expanded role this week for veteran GOP operative Paul Manafort, who is managing convention activities for Trump -- just as he did for the presidential campaigns of Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush and Bob Dole.

Becky Mizel, a Trump volunteer who was the former chair of the Pueblo County Republican Party in Colorado, said she wasn't discouraged by Trump's poor showing in the state.

""Cruz has a very strong organization here,"" she said when asked about the obstacles her candidate had faced. One of Cruz's most powerful allies, she noted, was the Rocky Mountain Gun Owners, which circulated ubiquitous blue fliers touting Cruz delegates at every voting location this week.

Mizel credited the head of the group, Dudley Brown (who she counts as a friend), with ""organizing the Cruz machine with the legislators who have decided to go and block Mr. Trump.""

""The average person on the street is working or raising their kids -- they aren't political junkies like the caucus attendees are -- and those are the people that are attracted to Mr. Trump,"" she said.

At the same time, Mizel said she was relieved that the Trump campaign now seems to grasp the gravity of the task before them as they prepare for the possibility of a contested convention.",1
962,Donald Trump rages against the machine,"(CNN) Donald Trump is issuing a dire warning to his supporters: You're getting ripped off.

""The system, folks, is rigged,"" Trump told supporters at a rally Monday night in Albany, New York. ""It's a rigged, disgusting, dirty system.""

Trump is coming to grips with the creeping possibility that he could narrowly lose the Republican nomination at a contested GOP convention despite landing in Cleveland with the most delegates. And his latest comments follow a series of victories by Ted Cruz's well-oiled delegate wrangling machine at state and county Republican conventions, most recently this weekend when the Texas senator swept the Colorado Republican convention -- wins that are fueling Cruz in the event neither of the two men capture the 1,237 delegates needed to avoid a brokered convention.

And with party elites continuing to rally around efforts to derail and delegitimize his candidacy, Trump is feeling the heat -- and using it to sow new outrage with his backers.

""I say this to the RNC and I say it to the Republican Party. You're going to have a big problem folks because there are people that don't like what's going on,"" Trump said at a Rochester, New York, rally on Sunday during which he referred to the party's nominating process as ""crooked"" or ""corrupt"" seven times during his speech.

He also called attention eight times during that speech to the ""millions"" of votes he has pulled during the primary -- nearly 2 million more than Cruz.

RNC chairman Reince Priebus said the rules that Trump is criticizing are ""nothing new.""

At a rally in San Diego, Cruz told Trump: You lost, fair and square.

""Donald, it ain't stealing when the voters vote against you. It is the voters reclaiming this country,"" Cruz said Monday. ""65,000 people voted in the state of Colorado. They just didn't vote for you. They voted for our campaign.""

But voters at Trump rallies are already sharing the front-runner's outrage.

""Here is the Republican Party, instead of listening to its constituents -- to the majority of America -- who are saying this is what we want, they're not backing him up. Instead they're rallying against him, which in turn, they're rallying against us,"" said the 37-year-old from Saratoga, New York.

Amy Almy, a 48-year-old hairdresser who also attended Trump's rally Monday, said she now feels ""naïve"" for not realizing that ""everything was so fixed.""

""You see what's happening to me and Bernie Sanders,"" Trump said Sunday in Rochester, New York. ""It's a corrupt deal going on.""

Six in 10 Republican voters said in a recent CNN/ORC poll that if no major candidate earns a majority of the delegates headed into the convention, those delegates should nominate the candidate who entered with the largest pool of delegates. That candidate would most almost certainly be Trump.

Trump's opponents, meanwhile, are shaking off accusations of foul play and saying Trump is failing to follow the rules.

""So what? So what? That's not how it works,"" Black said. ""If he can't get a majority of the delegates, somebody else will and that's the person that won it fair and square.""

""It's about the delegates, it's not about his ego,"" Black added of Trump, who has benefited from winner-take-all primary rules in several states to earn a larger share of delegates than he has votes.

Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner on Monday night took to Twitter -- one of Trump's favorite stomping grounds -- to troll Trump.

""How on earth are you going to defeat ISIS if you can't figure out the @cologop convention?"" Gardner tweeted, one of several in a string from his account.

Black downplayed the potential of a fractured Republican Party should Trump fail to cinch the nomination at a brokered convention, but Trump's allies are painting a disastrous picture.

""If there are shenanigans, it's not straightforward, all of those millions of people that Donald Trump has brought into the arena are not going to stay there, and the Republicans are going to lose,"" former presidential contender turned Trump supporter Ben Carson said late last month on Fox News. ""It's going to be absolute destruction.""

Jesse Benton, the chief strategist to a pro-Trump super PAC, described an equally grim outcome.

""It would be such a suicidal move for the party to nominate anybody besides Donald Trump,"" Benton said. ""If they decide to push millions of people out of the process, it's going to be devastating.""

But while Trump and his supporters are warning of an establishment effort to subvert the popular outcome, the billionaire is also beginning to look for ways to outgun his opponents within the confines of the system.

His hire came after Trump only recently came to the realization that he could very well win more delegates than his opponents and yet still leave the Cleveland convention without the crown he has been seeking.

Trump placed a call to his longtime and now informal political adviser Roger Stone on March 25 and asked if party elites could truly ""screw"" him out of the nomination at a brokered convention, according to a source with knowledge of the conversation.

Stone recommended Trump hire Manafort and by the end of the weekend, Manafort was on board.

But while those gears quietly churn with his blessing, Trump's outrage is only growing louder.

""We've got a corrupt system. It's not right,"" Trump said on Sunday. ""And we've got to do something about it.""",1
4526,Delta State shooting: Shannon Lamb kills himself,"When officers finally caught up to him late Monday, he made good on his threat, police said: He pulled out a gun and killed himself.

Lamb was the suspect in two killings: that of Ethan Schmidt, who was shot in the head in his office on the campus of Delta State University in Cleveland, Mississippi, and of Amy Prentiss, who was found shot to death at a home in Gautier, a coastal city about 300 miles away from the university.

A candlelight vigil is scheduled Tuesday evening at Delta State to remember Schmidt.

The hunt for Lamb brought together campus police and city police, as well as the Mississippi Highway Patrol, Bolivar County Sheriff's Department and agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. At some point, Lamb spoke with police and told them ""he wasn't going to jail,"" Gautier Police Chief Dante Elben said. Late Monday, officers spotted Lamb pull over his car near Greenville and run into the woods. Soon afterward, they heard a single gunshot and found Lamb's body. Lamb taught at Delta State with Schmidt. He lived with Prentiss, 41. But beyond that connection, authorities have not disclosed a motive. ""We're not going to speculate on a motive until we have facts in hand,"" Cleveland Police Chief Charles Bingham said. posted a copy of the letter that read: ""I am so very sorry. I wish I could take it back. I loved Amy and she is the only person who ever loved me."" posted a copy of the letter that read: ""I am so very sorry. I wish I could take it back. I loved Amy and she is the only person who ever loved me."" CNN affiliate WLOX posted a copy of the letter that read: ""I am so very sorry. I wish I could take it back. I loved Amy and she is the only person who ever loved me."" At a midnight news conference, Delta State University President William LaForge said that Lamb had taught at the school for a while and had been teaching online geography courses. He recently asked to take a reduced load of classes for medical reasons, said LaForge, who did not elaborate about Lamb's supposed medical issues. Lamb's death ended a surreal day for students and staffers at Delta State, about 115 miles south of Memphis, Tennessee. The school was locked down throughout the day, its buildings cleared. Only 250 of the 1,150 students remained on campus, confined to their dormitories. Classes are canceled for Tuesday but counselors are on hand to meet with anyone who needs help, said LaForge. ""It was probably the scariest thing I have been through in a while,"" said Dean Arnold, a student who had Schmidt as a professor. A photo on the Delta State University website shows Ethan Schmidt, left, and Shannon Lamb at a holiday party. Schmidt and Lamb taught together at Delta State. A photo on the school's website shows them standing side by side, smiling at a 2013 holiday party. That same year, Schmidt thanked Lamb in the acknowledgments of his book says he received his Ph.D. from Delta State in 2014, and has taught geography and social sciences education courses there. says he received his Ph.D. from Delta State in 2014, and has taught geography and social sciences education courses there. A biography of Lamb posted on the school's website says he received his Ph.D. from Delta State in 2014, and has taught geography and social sciences education courses there. Lamb, he said, was a talented musician who played guitar and harmonica. ""You know, you would have never have thought that something like this would happen. You'd want to be like him and play guitar,"" he said. Schmidt's Delta State biography says that he taught undergraduate courses in American history, and completed his Ph.D. at the University of Kansas in 2007. Schmidt had written several books and scholarly papers and had expertise in Native American history. ""It's going to be shocking because I have Mr. Schmidt three out of five days,"" Arnold said. ""It's going to be a lot different without him."" Before working at Delta State, Schmidt taught for six years at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, where he received the President's Award for Excellence in Teaching in 2011. ""We lost one of our beloved professors today,"" Michelle Roberts, vice president of university relations at Delta State, told reporters. ""We are grieving on this campus.""",1
3288,Reid Won't Seek Re-Election,"Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) will not seek re-election, he said in an interview with The New York Times published Friday. Reid has led the Senate Democrats since 2005.

In a video posted Friday morning, Reid thanked his constituents for allowing him to serve the state of Nevada. (Watch the video above.)

My life’s work has been to make Nevada and our nation better. Thank you for giving me that wonderful opportunity. https://t.co/dwy2rDWYhO

In the video, Reid said he will work to help the Democrats take control of the Senate again, noting he felt it was ""inappropriate"" to ""soak up all those resources on me, when I can be devoting those resources to the caucus."" Reid also warned Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) he'd be working hard until the end of his current term.

""My friend Sen. McConnell, don't be too elated,"" Reid said. ""I'm going to be here for 22 months, and you know what I'm going to be doing? The same thing I've done since I first came to the Senate.""

McConnell released a statement Friday on Reid's announcement, saying he looks forward to working with Reid until his time in office is over.

“Nothing has ever come easily to this son of Searchlight,"" McConnell said. ""Underestimated often, his distinctive grit and determined focus nevertheless saw him through many challenges. They continue to make him a formidable opponent today.""

Reid, who broke some ribs and bones in his face after an accident that occurred while he was exercising at home in January, said his recent injuries were not the reason he decided to retire.

Reid has served in the U.S. Senate since 1987, and acted as senate majority leader from 2007 to 2015. Before working in the Senate, Reid was a congressman representing Nevada in the 1980s, and before that served as the lieutenant governor of Nevada.

When I was a boy, I dreamed of being an athlete. I listened to those baseball games on the radio, and I envisioned myself as a man out in center field at Yankee Stadium or Fenway Park in Boston. But the joy I’ve gotten with the work that I’ve done for the people of the state of Nevada has been just as fulfilling as if I had played center field at Yankee Stadium.

The job of Minority Leader of the United States Senate is just as important as being the Majority Leader. It gives you so much opportunity to do good things for this country. And that’s what I am focused on.

But this accident has caused Landra and me to have a little down time. I have had time to ponder and to think. We’ve got to be more concerned about the country, the Senate, the state of Nevada than about ourselves. And as a result of that I’m not going to run for re-election.

I am going to be here for another 22 months, and you know what I’m going to be doing? The same thing I’ve done since I first came to the Senate.

We have to make sure that the Democrats take control of the Senate again. And I feel it is inappropriate for me to soak up all those resources on me when I could be devoting those resources to the caucus, and that’s what I intend to do.

Someone with my background, my upbringing, to have the experiences I’ve had is really a miracle. And I want you to know that I am so grateful for your invaluable support. I have done my best. I haven’t been perfect, but I’ve really tried my hardest to represent the people of the state of Nevada.",1
4798,4 Things To Watch At The First Presidential Debate,"4 Things To Watch At The First Presidential Debate

The first presidential debate tonight is shaping up to be one of the most-watched political events ever, with a potentially Super Bowl-size audience.

Here are four things to watch for as Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take the stage at Hofstra University on Long Island.

Donald Trump ""won"" the primary debates by dominating his opponents, often by name-calling and bluster. This one will be different.

Instead of facing multiple opponents, he will be doing something he's never done before — face off against just one opponent (and in this case an experienced one) on a debate stage.

Trump's goal is to present himself as a plausible president, someone voters can imagine as commander in chief. And he has work to do, since majorities of voters say he doesn't have the judgment or qualifications to be president. So Trump needs to show a basic command of policy — and in particular, his own policies. He has made so many contradictory statements about his plans for Syria, ISIS, tax reform and crime fighting that he will have a real thicket to untangle.

Trump wants to reach those voters who won't want to vote for Clinton but are worried about his temperament. Does that mean the new ""teleprompter Trump"" will show up tonight? He has proven that he can maintain a little more discipline in a set-piece speech, but there are no teleprompters in a 90-minute debate.

And although Trump benefits from low expectations, his team isn't even trying to make him out to be the underdog. On Sunday morning, Trump's campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, called him ""the Babe Ruth of debating.""

Clinton has the much tougher task tonight. She has the burden of high expectations.

The former senator and secretary of state, who has now been through two presidential campaigns, is an experienced debater who knows policy inside and out.

But her job is very hard — Clinton has to convince voters who don't want to vote for Trump but haven't warmed up to her that she is likeable, honest and trustworthy. And she has to press her case that Trump is unqualified to be president without being overly aggressive or ""harsh.""

Gender communications research shows that debaters who are on offense win, and those that are on defense lose. But being on offense for a woman is tricky. Male debaters who are aggressive are perceived positively; female politicians who are aggressive in debates are perceived negatively.

So Clinton has to stay on offense without being angry. All of that advice about ""smiling"" that drives Clinton's supporters nuts? It's unfair, but that's just the way it is, says Brett O'Donnell, a veteran Republican debate coach: ""People like to see a happy warrior. Clinton has to look like she's enjoying herself even if she's not.""

Both campaigns have been working the refs hard. Trump has said the debate system is ""rigged"" against him, and he falsely accused NBC's Lester Holt, the moderator for tonight's debate, of being a registered Democrat. Holt is an experienced journalist who happens to be a registered Republican.

The Clinton campaign, on the other hand, has complained about a double-standard. It says the media creates a ""false equivalence"" between Trump's falsehoods and Clinton's, even though numerous fact checks have shown that Trump prevaricates many more times than Clinton does.

In the recent NBC commander-in-chief forum, Clinton's top aides said moderator Matt Lauer grilled Clinton a lot more intensely than Trump. And they say that for tonight's debate the moderator and the TV networks — with the crawl at the bottom of the screen — have a responsibility to fact-check Trump in real time.

There are three phases to a debate:

First, the pregame expectations-setting and referee-massaging, which has been going on at a furious pace over the past week.

Second, the debate itself.

And third, the post-debate spin.

Debates are not forums to score policy points. They are tests of character and demeanor. And they are often judged not in their totality, but by ""moments"" — the zingers and put-downs that the candidates prepare in advance. Those moments — ""Where's the beef?"" ""You're no Jack Kennedy,"" ""There you go again"" — help determine who voters think won or lost the debate.

But there are many debates that were ""won"" in the hours after the candidates left the stage by the campaign that was more adept at getting its narrative into the media.

Follow along with the NPR Politics team's coverage of tonight's debate, which starts at 9 p.m. ET, at npr.org and on many NPR member stations.",1
2154,"New snowstorm, new target: South under siege","The latest winter storm to rattle the Eastern USA was poised Monday to deal battered Boston only a glancing blow while blasting several states in the South and East.

Despite bitterly cold temperatures, Boston was happy for a respite from snow after a weekend storm dumped 16.5 inches on the city, pushing the winter total to 8 feet — and counting.

Boston's forecast called for a few more inches Tuesday, far short of what was rolling toward less well-equipped areas of Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia and Maryland.

Washington, D.C., not known for its prowess in handling big storms, was bracing for between 4 and 8 inches of snow, most of it falling early Tuesday and tapering off during the morning commute. With up to a foot forecast farther south, in Roanoke and Richmond, Va., Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a statewide emergency.

Non-essential travel was discouraged, and thousands of students throughout the region will get another day off Tuesday, courtesy of Winter Storm Octavia.

Bitter cold temperatures were adding to the region's woes. Washington's high temperature was forecast to reach 25 degrees — about 20 degrees below average for the date.

Frigid temperatures plagued New England on Monday. Mount Washington, N.H., recorded a low of -34 degrees with a wind-chill factor of -87. A New York City hiker who activated her emergency personal locator beacon in the state's Presidential Range amid minus-30 temperatures and 100-mph winds was found dead Monday.

In Kentucky, a section of Interstate 71 near Louisville closed Monday shortly after the snow started. Parts of the state could see more than a foot of snow, the National Weather Service said.

""For Louisville, it could be one of the worst (snowstorms) in 10 years,"" said meteorologist Joe Sullivan.

In Nashville, homeless shelter volunteer coordinator Robb McCluskey said he was worried that a few inches of slush, ice and snow would keep drivers from bringing people to the shelter and keep church congregations from delivering dinner.

""That's the big issue,"" McCluskey said, ""seeing how others are going to survive it.""

Jacksboro, Tenn., reported a midday total of a half inch of ice on the ground.

The Weather Channel reported that ""snow, sleet and freezing rain will make travel difficult, and winter storm warnings have already been posted for almost 47 million people.""

That could translate to 4 inches of nasty ice and snow as far south as northern Georgia.

Atlanta forecasters cautioned about possible black ice for the morning commute after a day of cold rain and overnight temperatures dipping below freezing.

Frigid temperatures were reported all across the northeastern USA Monday morning: Erie, Pa., dropped to minus-18 degrees, tying the city's all-time record low temperature, according to the National Weather Service. Cleveland's minus-8 degree reading broke a daily record low previously set in 1904.

Daily record lows were also tied or broken in Detroit, Baltimore, Syracuse, Toledo, Trenton, N.J., and Wilmington, Del., the Weather Channel reported.

Boston fell to minus-3 degrees, its coldest reading since January 2004, while Philadelphia bottomed out at 3 degrees, its coldest since January 2005, meteorologist Matt Lanza reported.

Airlines took notice of the cold and snow, canceling more than 1,000 flights nationwide Monday and more than 300 for Tuesday. Monday's cancellations were scattered across airports from New England to the Deep South as lingering disruptions from the weekend's blizzard mixed with the latest winter storm.

Still, no region has faced more winter difficulties than eastern Massachusetts. In Boston, the 58.5 inches of snow so far this month makes February 2015 the city's snowiest month on record, the National Weather Service reported. That's 10 times what the city typically receives in February.

The city's 2014-15 winter is the third-snowiest on record, with more than 95 inches recorded so far. The city is only 12 inches away from its snowiest winter ever — based on records dating to the 1870s.

""It's certainly not a record that we want,"" Mayor Marty Walsh told the Boston Herald. ""It looks like a record we can get.""

Contributing: Doyle Rice, Ben Mutzabaugh, Michael Winter and Melanie Eversley, USA TODAY; Matthew Glowicki, The (Louisville) Courier-Journal; Stacey Barchenger, The (Nashville) Tennessean, Associated Press.",1
4315,Donald Trump: 'I will be a great unifier',"(CNN) Donald Trump believes he would ""absolutely"" be a force for bipartisanship, but in an interview this weekend neither Republicans nor Democrats escaped a barrage of attacks from the GOP presidential candidate.

Hillary Clinton launched her presidential bid on April 12 through a video message on social media. The former first lady, senator and secretary of state is considered the front-runner among possible Democratic candidates.""Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead. And stay ahead,"" she said in her announcement video. ""Because when families are strong, America is strong. So I'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time. And I hope you'll join me on this journey.""

Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid. ""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid. ""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University.

Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas has made a name for himself in the Senate, solidifying his brand as a conservative firebrand willing to take on the GOP's establishment. He announced he was seeking the Republican presidential nomination in a speech on March 23.""These are all of our stories,"" Cruz told the audience at Liberty University in Virginia. ""These are who we are as Americans. And yet for so many Americans, the promise of America seems more and more distant.""

Businessman Donald Trump announced June 16 at his Trump Tower in New York City that he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination. This ends more than two decades of flirting with the idea of running for the White House.""So, ladies and gentlemen, I am officially running for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again,"" Trump told the crowd at his announcement.

Trump flung criticism at politicians spanning the spectrum from presidential primary opponents Jeb Bush and Ben Carson to the Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and the man he hopes to succeed, President Barack Obama, in an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper that aired Sunday on ""State of the Union.""

And he lamented the House Select Committee on Benghazi's questioning of Clinton , a hearing he called ""very partisan"" that ""hurts both parties"" and ""hurts the country.""

""The level of hatred between Republicans and Democrats was unbelievable. The level of -- I've never seen anything like it,"" Trump said. ""I'm going to unify. This country is totally divided. Barack Obama has divided this country unbelievably. And it's all, it's all hatred, what can I tell you. I've never seen anything like it...I've gotten along with Democrats and I've gotten along with Republicans. And I said, that's a good thing.""

Tapper asked Trump if his presidency would result in an era of bipartisanship.

""I absolutely think so,"" he said, adding, ""I will be a great unifier for our country.""

Still, for all the talk of bipartisanship and unity, Trump did not pull punches as he vigorously took on his opponents.

Trump hit Bush, the former governor of Florida, and Carson, a retired neurosurgeon, with the same line of attack -- one he has frequently used against Bush, but has only just begun using against Carson, whose reserved and calm tone strongly contrasts with Trump's brash appeal.

""(Bush is) a low-energy person. By the way, Ben Carson is a very low-energy person. We need high-energy people,"" Trump told Tapper. ""I think Ben Carson is a very low-energy person. Actually, I think Ben Carson is lower energy than Jeb, if you want to know the truth. We need strong energy.""

Trump also knocked both Bush and Carson for the support they receive from super PACs, groups that can take in unlimited amounts of money.

The developer dinged super PACs as a ""big fat scam"" and a ""disaster"" in the ""State of the Union"" interview, a line of criticism that he brought out more arduously than ever this weekend, just days after the super PAC backing his candidacy shuttered its operation after the group's ties to the campaign drew scrutiny last week.

But Trump suggested that he may turn his sights away from Bush and toward Carson.

That's because Carson is now the man to beat in Iowa, stealing first place from Trump (who was relegated to second place) in two polls released Thursday and Friday.

""The thing with Ben is he's got a very good PAC, and he's got people running his PAC, and in my opinion, he's got people all over Iowa from his PAC, and they are running -- Ben doesn't even go to Iowa that much. And he's doing well in Iowa?"" Trump said. ""I did talk about Jeb because I thought Jeb was going to be the front-runner. Obviously, he's no longer the front-runner. I probably won't talk about him so much anymore.""

Trump tied in his ""low-energy"" attacks with what he dubbed the ""medieval times"" that the world is currently living in -- saying that as ISIS beheads people, the U.S. needs a strong leader.

But as to whether he would approve a special forces operation to rescue hostages being held by ISIS -- similar to the one that resulted in the death of an American soldier this week-- Trump demurred.

""I think I might, but I'd have to look at the situation,"" Trump said.

Pushed further to explain what the Trump doctrine would be in such situations, Trump explained that it ""is very simple.""

""It's strength. It's strength. Nobody is going to mess with us. Our military is going to be made much stronger,"" Trump said.",1
3208,GOP to Trump: You crossed the line,"(CNN) The Republican establishment is making the most of the chance it had long sought to finally say this to Donald Trump: You crossed the line.

Ever since announcing his presidential run last month, the brash, unfiltered billionaire businessman has created headaches for the party. Particularly, his comments equating some Mexican immigrants to rapists and criminals left GOP leaders struggling to appease those Trump had offended without alienating conservative voters attracted to his views on combating illegal immigration.

But on Saturday, Trump seemed to hand party bosses and the pack of 2016 Republican presidential candidates a golden chance to take him down at almost no political cost -- while making themselves look magnanimous. The spark for the latest political firestorm came when the New York real estate billionaire questioned on Saturday whether Arizona Sen. John McCain, a Vietnam War veteran who languished in a prisoner of war camp for more than five years, was a genuine ""war hero because he was captured.""

""I like people that weren't captured, OK?"" Trump said, drawing gasps and ""boos"" from a conservative crowd in Iowa.

What transpired within minutes of those inflammatory comments was telling. The GOP pile-on was swift and outspoken. McCain might be a controversial figure with plenty of enemies in Washington but he's universally regarded as a rare example of pure heroism.

The Republican National Committee, which stays neutral in the GOP primary and rarely weighs in on political debates, made the unusual move of publicly condemning Trump's remarks.

'No place in our party'

""There is no place in our party or our country for comments that disparage those who have served honorably,"" RNC spokesman Sean Spicer said on Twitter.

While the GOP was shy in responding to Trump's tirade against Mexico, it became clear on Monday that the party's hierachy was not going to be bitten by the Donald again.

""Right now what you are seeing is the party taking a dramatic shift this weekend -- taking Donald Trump head on,"" Mitt Romney's former senior political advisor and CNN contributor Kevin Madden told Wolf Blitzer. ""This is their chance to really draw some stark contrasts about the direction of the party. This is an opportunity for a lot of these candidates.""

One after another, Trump's fellow GOP presidential candidates were quick to go after the former host of the reality TV show, ""The Apprentice.""

""Enough with the slanderous attacks,"" former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush tweeted. South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham, a close friend of McCain's, said Trump had ""crossed a line today that will offend most every one that I know,"" and predicted that American voters would only have this message to Trump: ""You're fired.""

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said that Trump's shot against a man who refused to take early release from the infamous Hanoi Hilton prison because his comrades could not come too disqualifed the billionaire as a potential commander in chief.

Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry, an Air Force veteran -- who is languishing in the polls and needs every headline he can get -- upped the ante -- calling on Trump to ""immediately withdraw"" from the 2016 race altogether.

Trump, by alienating sectors of the GOP electorate, is already breaking all the normal political rules, so it's not surprising he didn't choose to return to the high ground. True to form, he decided to intensify the row rather than walk away, or simply apologize, penning an opinion piece in USA Today, that was scathing of the media, the ""establishment"" and McCain.

""The reality is that John McCain the politician has made America less safe, sent our brave soldiers into wrong-headed foreign adventures, covered up for President Obama with the VA scandal and has spent most of his time in the Senate pushing amnesty. He would rather protect the Iraqi border than Arizona's,"" Trump wrote.

One Republican candidate chose not to join the torrent of criticism of Trump. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz was effusive in praise of McCain, who once called him a ""wacko bird"" but trod carefully on Trump, possibly hoping to appeal to the billionaire's supporters should he eventually exit the race.

""I recognize that folks in the press love to see Republican-on-Republican violence, and so you want me to say something bad about Donald Trump, or bad about John McCain or bad about anyone else,"" he said. ""I'm not going to do it.""

Hillary Clinton, enjoying a rare moment out of the political spotlight, also took a chance to have a shot at the ""hate (Trump) is spewing"" towards Mexicans and stood up for her old Senate buddy McCain.

Even the Obama White House, no friend of McCain, pounced on the opportunity to fan the flames of a controversy that Democrats hope will damage the Republican political brand. Spokesman Josh Earnest praised McCain's ""remarkable"" service.

The GOP's swift and nearly unanimous criticism of Trump's remarks about McCain was particularly striking in light of how the party dealt with an earlier political row set off by his highly controversial comments -- even if it marked an easy political choice.

In his presidential announcement speech last month, Trump said that some people entering the United States from Mexico were ""rapists,"" ""criminals"" and ""drug dealers."" The comments flew in the face of the GOP's desperate need to improve its standing with the increasingly influential demographic of Hispanic voters which are vital in general election swing states like Florida, Nevada and Colorado.

The episode suggests that though candidates like Bush and Rubio know very well the perils of estrangement from the community, they are not yet at ease with the base of their own party, which remains vociferously opposed to any immigration reform that would bring millions of illegal immigrants -- eventually -- into the U.S. fold.

More immediately, there is increasing speculation on whether Trump's broadside against McCain would turn out to be the moment when the billionaire's political bubble bursts -- in a way that would offer some relief to the GOP leadership.

A new ABC/Washington Post National poll on Monday had Trump leading the Republican field on 24% but his number dropped into the single digits in samples taken on Sunday following his McCain comments, albeit in a small sample size.

Madden predicted that Trump's bombast would indeed sooner or later begin to take a toll on his poll numbers.

""It's the beginning of the end -- part of the process. This information is going to start to get to voters,"" he said. ""They are going to see a revelation in his character right now as well as his temperament that is going to lead them to look at other candidates.""

While it could be the case that Trump's remarks could narrow what many analysts already think is a virtually non-existent path towards the GOP nomination, that doesn't necessarily equate to an early exit for the reality show star.

For now, the McCain clash seems to leave Trump where he most likes to be -- in the middle of a raging storm of publicity generated by himself about himself, while taking shots at the media and the Republican political establishment. It's the kind of behavior that gave his presidential run a fast start among a certain sector of the Republican electorate in the first place.",1
932,This election is an unpopularity contest for the ages,"The 2016 presidential election is shaping up as an unpopularity contest of unprecedented proportions.

Assuming, as now appears most likely, that Hillary Clinton will win the Democratic nomination and that either Donald Trump or Ted Cruz becomes the Republican nominee, the general-election ballot is set to feature a choice between two candidates more negatively viewed than any major-party nominee in the history of polling.

Trump is, by far, the furthest underwater: The latest Wall Street Journal-NBC poll puts his net favorability rating at minus-41. A breathtaking 65 percent of registered voters see him negatively, versus 24 percent with a positive view, making him the most unpopular major party presidential candidate ever recorded. Cruz is at minus-23, with 49 percent viewing him negatively, 26 percent in a positive light.

To underscore the challenge facing the GOP, neither candidate has been viewed more positively than negatively by voters since the start of the campaign.

Clinton, by contrast, has a healthier (and more volatile) history with voters. Polls showed her favorables slightly ahead of her negatives when she formally launched her campaign last April. But her trajectory is unnerving. The new WSJ-NBC numbers have Clinton minus-24 (with 56 percent viewing her unfavorably and 32 percent favorably), almost double the gap just one month earlier.

“This is unprecedented,” said Democratic pollster Mark Mellman. “It will be the first time in the history of polling that we’ll have both major party candidates disliked by a majority of the American people going into the election.”

Pause to let that sink in, to compare this dyspeptic situation with previous elections — and consider the implications for governing.

Some historical perspective: All three candidates are more unpopular than the losing presidential candidate at any point during the past five election cycles, according to Gallup data.

If the nominees are Trump and Clinton, said Republican pollster David Winston, “You’re probably looking somewhere in the neighborhood of three out of 10 Americans having a negative view of both. You could have a very frustrated electorate by the time we get to Election Day.”

It sounds oxymoronic, but voters could elect a president that a majority of them view unfavorably. Assuming Clinton has the advantage over Trump, said Democratic pollster Peter Hart, “she is going to be elected, if she wins, in minus territory, which is something we’ve never had before.”

Voters’ assessments of candidates between April and Election Day tend to stay stable; the notable exceptions were Bill Clinton in 1992, who moved from minus-11 to plus-7 in the WSJ-NBC poll, and Barack Obama in 2008, who rose from plus-7 to plus-21. Hillary Clinton, given the roller-coaster nature of her ratings, may have the capacity to rise again.

Still, the unpopularity of the leading candidates reflects both their unique characteristics as polarizing personalities and the broader political sorting of the American electorate. As voters assemble themselves into reliably and increasingly intense red and blue blocs, their assessments of the opposing side harden.

Which raises questions about the potentially grim aftermath.

“Electing either Clinton or Trump with these type of unfavorable numbers immediately means a weakened president without the power to persuade from the day she or he [is] sworn into office,” said Republican pollster Bill McInturff.

History teaches that a new president’s approval rating rises between Election Day and the inauguration. Americans become more charitably disposed to their new leader once the campaign has concluded, if only briefly.

Given these bargain basement favorability numbers, will the 45th president enjoy that luxury? Does presidential popularity even matter in an era of congressional gridlock?

Some political scientists think not, citing a shift in the locus of presidential authority away from legislating. “Presidential power is no longer the power to persuade,” said Johns Hopkins University political scientist Benjamin Ginsberg. “Popularity at one time was a major factor in a president’s ability to govern, but we are in the era of the institutional president, where presidents rely on their administrative powers and the powers of the office, and less on public opinion.”

If Clinton is elected, said Middlebury College political scientist Matthew Dickinson, “the fact that she may be one of the most unfavorably viewed presidents is not going to make a huge difference, because she’s likely going to be running into a House controlled by Republicans and the Senate’s going to be close either way. That’s what really eats into your ability to govern, rather than your favorability ratings.”

Perhaps. But the unfolding unpopularity contest cannot be a healthy sign for our democracy, nor a good omen for the presidency to come.

Read more from Ruth Marcus’s archive, follow her on Twitter or subscribe to her updates on Facebook.",1
465,"As gas prices drops, states under increased pressure to hike taxes to replenish transportation funds","Governors and legislatures across the country are considering increasing their state tax on gasoline, amid a combination of falling pump prices and depleted transportation-construction funds.

At least eight states have proposed increasing their gas tax, as Washington also looks for ways to find money for highway and transit projects.

Recently falling gas prices have made the situation more urgent. But state and federal coffers that pay for such projects have been moving deeper into the red for years as Americans drive less, vehicles are more fuel efficient and construction costs have increased.

Still, motorists appear resistant to a tax hike, despite gas prices at a roughly six-year low and state taxes on gasoline in some cases having not been increased in the past 20 years.

The situation also presents a dilemma for elected officials.

They are responsible for keeping roads and bridges safe and fulfilling pressing needs to build more transportation infrastructure but must make the politically unpopular request for higher taxes to help meet those demands.

In New Jersey, for example, a poll released this week by Farleigh Dickenson University’s Public Mind found respondents opposed increasing gas taxes by a more than two-to-one margin, 68-to-24 percent.

The pollsters said residents see the need for road repairs but want policymakers to look beyond “overtaxed wallets” to find the revenue.

“It’s a calculation not without risk,” New Jersey Assemblyman John Wisniewski said on Wednesday. “But we are flirting with disaster by not investing in infrastructure.”

Wisniewski, a Democrat, has a plan to increase the state gas tax by 25 cents a gallon with amendments to ensure the money goes toward its intended purpose, instead of becoming slush fund revenue.

He told FoxNews.com that his argument before constituents would in part focus on the state’s urgent need for more rail tunnels underneath the Hudson River, to get commuters to work in New York, and the bridges across the state that are in desperate need of repair, including a county-owned one closed last week by the state because it was “structurally deficient.”

Gov. Chris Christie -- a potential 2016 White House candidate and one of several Republican governors in at least eight states considering a tax increase -- mentioned neither the gas tax nor transportation-funding issues last week in his State of the State address.

In addition to New Jersey, Georgia, Iowa, Louisiana, Michigan, South Dakota, Tennessee and Utah are considering increasing their state gas tax to bail out under-funded transportation budgets.

Louisiana transportation officials say they have a $12 billion backlog in road repairs, which has prompted lawmakers to consider several options to increase revenue, which includes replacing the gas tax with a sales tax on all fuels.

Republican governors in Iowa and Michigan have taken different approaches -- letting voters decide.

In Iowa, Gov. Terry Branstad says improving roads is a 2015 priority and is asking state lawmakers to help him craft a bipartisan solution. He has expressed openness to a plan in which each county holds a referendum to increase the sales tax on gas and diesel fuel by 1 percent.

“Without action, Iowa's roads and bridges face an uncertain future,” he said recently.

The existing 22-cents-a- gallon tax has remained unchanged since 1989.

In Michigan, Gov. Rick Snyder has agreed to spend an additional $1.3 billion a year for roads and other transportation program, if residents in a May 5 referendum vote to increase the sales tax from 6 to 7 percent, according to USA Today.

In Washington, D.C., the average price of gas was $2.50 a gallon when the new, Republican-controlled Congress convened earlier this month, which sparked talks about increasing the federal tax on gas and diesel fuel for the first time in more than 20 years.

But GOP leaders are tamping down expectations, leaving no clear solution to the funding problem.

""I don't know of any support for a gas tax increase in Congress,"" Texas GOP Sen. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Senate GOP leader, recently said.

The federal tax on gas is 18.4 cents a gallon and 24.4 cents a gallon on diesel fuel. They were last increased in 1993.

Fuel taxes bring in about $34 billion a year to the federal Highway Trust Fund, but the government spends about $50 billion a year. The trust fund has been the main source of federal transportation aid to states for more than 60 years.

Congress has kept transportation programs teetering on the edge of insolvency since 2008 by repeatedly transferring just enough funds from the general treasury -- and making corresponding spending cuts elsewhere in the federal budget -- to meet obligations for a few more months or, in one case, as long as two years.

But finding acceptable spending cuts to offset the transfers gets more difficult each time.

Even President Obama has rejected the notion of a gas-tax increase, while calling on Congress to pursue other bipartisan measures to fund infrastructure.

Obama mentioned infrastructure five times in his State of the Union address on Tuesday and renewed his call to instead fund projects with revenue from eliminating tax “loopholes” for U.S. companies with overseas holdings.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1172,"Christie, Fiorina suspend 2016 campaigns","New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie suspended his Republican presidential bid Wednesday afternoon, joining former HP executive Carly Fiorina in exiting the 2016 race after a disappointing finish in the New Hampshire primary.

Sources say Christie met with staff in person Wednesday in Morristown, N.J., and also held a conference call to announce his decision to his campaign team.

The announcement was widely expected, after the two-term governor returned home after his loss Tuesday night to weigh his options.

Christie had finished sixth in the primary contest, while Fiorina finished seventh.

In a statement on Facebook, Christie said, ""I ran for president to say that the government needs to once again work for the people, not the people work for the government. And while running for president I tried to reinforce what I have always believed - that speaking your mind matters, that experience matters, that competence matters and that it will always matter in leading our nation…. And so today, I leave the race without an ounce of regret.""

The decision to drop out immediately kicks off the race in the rest of the still-crowded GOP field to scoop up their support. And it marks the end of the 2016 road for two candidates who showed political promise earlier in the race – only to watch their support fade as the elections themselves neared.

Christie was banking on a solid performance in the New Hampshire contest, seen as more friendly territory for the Northeast governor who did poorly in Iowa. But even as he touted his executive experience, the other current and former governors in the race outflanked him Tuesday night.

While the tough-talking Christie received widespread attention for his aggressive criticism of Florida Sen. Marco Rubio at Saturday’s debate, that spat seemed to hurt Rubio more than it helped Christie. Rubio finished fifth, but Christie ended up well behind the freshman senator, pulling just 7 percent in the state.

His exit from the race completes a drastic turnaround in the governor’s political fortunes. In 2012, he delivered the keynote address at the Republican National Convention, after having gained national political fame for taking on the state’s public employee unions and his no-nonsense approach to governing. His periodic confrontations with hecklers captured on film also made him somewhat a YouTube star.

But he was politically damaged by the scandal in his administration over subordinates blocking traffic on the George Washington Bridge, in a seeming act of political retribution against a local mayor. Christie has denied knowledge of the decision, but has struggled ever since to get out from under the cloud of controversy.

His persona as the “telling it like it is” candidate also seemed to take a backseat last year to Donald Trump, who if anything was more brash, more unscripted, more confrontational than Christie. In the crowded field, he struggled to break through.

For a time in late 2015, Christie looked like he could be in contention for second place in New Hampshire. He was devoting time and resources to the state, and gaining attention for his impassioned and personal remarks on drug addiction – in a state where heroin addiction and treatment is a major election issue.

But in the end, voters gravitated more toward Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who finished second Tuesday. Trump easily won the Republican contest, while Texas Sen. Ted Cruz finished third.

Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Rubio finished fourth and fifth, respectively, followed by Christie.

Meanwhile, Fiorina, who was the only female GOP candidate in the 2016 running, called it quits Wednesday after failing to crack the top five in the New Hampshire primary Tuesday night.

“While I suspend my candidacy today, I will continue to travel this country and fight for those Americans who refuse to settle for the way things are and a status quo that no longer works for them,” Fiorina said in a written statement.

She added, “I will continue to serve in order to restore citizen government to this great nation so that together we may fulfill our potential.”

Fiorina entered the tumultuous Republican primary in April. She promoted herself as an outsider with business experience and argued that as the lone woman in the GOP field she was best positioned to oppose likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. After a standout performance in the first undercard debate, Fiorina rose to the mainstage and soared in the polls in the fall. But her momentum quickly stalled and by the end of the year she had dropped back down.

Fiorina's first major foray in to politics was in 2010, when she ran for Senate in California and lost to incumbent Sen. Barbara Boxer by 10 points.

Throughout her presidential bid, Fiorina emphasized her meteoric rise in the business world. A Stanford University graduate, she started her career as a secretary, earned an MBA and worked her way up at AT&T to become a senior executive at the telecom giant.

But she was also dogged by questions about her record at Hewlett-Packard, where she was hired as CEO in 1999. She was fired six years later, after leading a major merger with Compaq and laying off 30,000 workers.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2868,Old rivals Obama and McCain tussle over Iran,"Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama had some blunt words for Sen. John McCain for questioning the honesty of Secretary of State John Kerry -- telling his former campaign rival to, in essence, back off.

""When I hear some, like Sen. McCain recently, suggest that our secretary of state, John Kerry, who served in the United States Senate, a Vietnam veteran, who's provided exemplary service to this nation, is somehow less trustworthy in the interpretation of what's in a political agreement than the Supreme Leader of Iran -- that's an indication of the degree to which partisanship has crossed all boundaries,"" Obama said Saturday evening at a press conference in Panama City, Panama.

The President's critique of the Arizona Republican, who is also a Vietnam War veteran, came after McCain suggested Kerry is purposely misinterpreting the framework of the nuclear deal in order to gain domestic support as negotiators work towards a final agreement.

""John Kerry is delusional,"" McCain said Thursday on the radio program ""The Hugh Hewitt Show."" ""I think you're going to find out that they had never agreed to the things that John Kerry claimed that they had.""

The sniping between the two stems out of the two competing interpretations of what's actually in the framework nuclear agreement struck in Switzerland between the United States, its allies and Iran.

The Supreme Leader, the Ayatollah Khamanei, has suggested that Iran will not agree to inspections of their military facilities and demanding that sanctions will need to be lifted on Day 1, the day the deal is signed. U.S. officials have indicated the deal agreed to says otherwise, that it includes intense inspections and calls for sanctions to be lifted gradually.

McCain's remarks seemed to touch a nerve with Obama, who went after the senator without being specifically asked about his comments suggesting that seemed McCain was almost backwards in giving the Supreme Leader of the Iran the benefit of the doubt over a U.S. secretary of state.

""When you start getting to the point where you are actively communicating that the United States government and our secretary of state is somehow spinning presentations in a negotiation with a foreign power, particularly one that you say is your enemy, that's a problem,"" the President said. ""It needs to stop.""

McCain wasted no time responding directly to the President on Saturday evening.

""These widely divergent explanations of the nuclear deal must be fully explained and reconciled if we are to give serious consideration to this agreement,"" he said in a statement.

McCain followed up more pointedly in a tweet, writing, ""So Pres Obama goes to #Panama, meets with Castro and attacks me - I'm sure Raúl is pleased.""

Kerry, appearing on ABC's ""This Week"" on Sunday morning, defended his sales job of the deal, saying he stands by ""every fact"" of the agreement that he has laid out.

This tees up what had already promised to be a testy week ahead between Obama and Congress.

On Monday, lawmakers will return from a two-week spring recess for its first session since the announcement of the framework agreement. On Tuesday, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will start moving on a bill which would attempt to give Congress a vote to kill the deal.

The White House has repeatedly called for the legislation, spearheaded by Republican Sen. Bob Corker, to be changed so that it would not be binding. It has warned that it could undercut the administration's hand at the negotiating table with Iran -- a sentiment the president echoed from Panama on Saturday before returning to Washington.

""What I'm concerned about is making sure that we don't prejudge it, or those who are opposed to any deal whatsoever try to use a procedural argument essentially to screw up the possibility of a deal,"" Obama said. ""I don't understand why it is that everybody is working so hard to anticipate failure. ""

This is not the first battle between the 2008 rivals for the presidency. McCain has harshly criticized the Obama administration over its handling of several foreign policy issues, such as the American role in Iraq.",1
198,Congress in slow lane on auto safety,"Notable names include Ray Washburne (Commerce), a Dallas-based investor, is reported to be under consideration to lead the department.",1
1134,"Pressure Is On Trump, Sanders In Crucial Contests Tuesday","Pressure Is On Trump, Sanders In Crucial Contests Tuesday

Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton currently lead the delegate counts for the presidential nomination. But because of the difference in how both parties award their delegates, Clinton's is the more commanding lead.

Tuesday's Democratic contest in Michigan, the biggest prize of the day, is key for Bernie Sanders to show he can turn things around. His campaign has argued that Clinton has ballooned her lead because of black voters in the South.

Now, many of those Southern contests are over (though there is another Tuesday in Mississippi).

But the question remains: Can the Vermont independent senator appeal to Northern black voters? They make up roughly a quarter of Michigan's Democratic electorate. He believes his economic message can resonate with them and working-class whites hurt by trade. Polls, though, have shown the former secretary of state with double-digit leads going into Tuesday.

Sanders is facing a difficult problem: This past weekend, he won three of four contests, but, because his wins were in smaller caucuses, and Clinton won by a huge margin in the primary in Louisiana, Sanders only wound up winning three more pledged delegates than Clinton. (Pledged delegates are derived from the margins candidates win in voting in various state primaries and caucuses.)

Maintaining that kind of pace will not help Sanders catch Clinton, who is 195 delegates ahead. Sanders needs 53 percent of all remaining delegates to win a majority of pledged delegates. And with each passing contest, that hill becomes even steeper. With superdelegates, those unpledged party leaders and elected officials, factored in, Sanders needs a whopping 60 percent of all remaining delegates. That's a very difficult aircraft carrier to turn around, given the Democrats' proportional system of allocating delegates.

Yes, superdelegates can change their votes, and it's true they have never not gone with who won the pledged majority, but even in 2008, when Barack Obama defeated Clinton, and won more superdelegates, not all that many superdelegates peeled off from Clinton. What's more, Clinton has a far bigger lead with them now than she ever did in 2008. Clinton already has nearly two-thirds of all superdelegates publicly in her corner. (And, by the way, they were created in the 1980s for precisely this purpose — to give party leaders a lever to prevent the nomination of what they view as an unelectable candidate after Democrats were soundly defeated in 1984.)

All that said, the pledged-delegate margin remains the most important number to watch. Clinton would prefer to win the nomination outright based on voting — and not because party leaders put her over the top. There's lots of talk of the GOP civil war, but if there was an outcome in which one candidate won the delegates from actual voters and the other won the nomination because of party insiders, you can bet there would be an equally ugly Democratic convention in Philadelphia this summer.

But unless Sanders starts winning soon and big, that's all theoretical and moot. The Democratic race, at this point, doesn't look close to heading toward anything like that.

For Republicans, though, Trump is ahead, his lead is less dominant because it's a four-person race — and the candidates keep splitting the vote.

On Tuesday, Michigan has the most delegates in play with 59, far less than on the Democratic side, in part because Republicans have far fewer delegates overall, but also because of the state's history of voting Democratic.

Trump has been leading the polls there by double digits, and he needs another big win. The other contests of the day, though — in Mississippi, Idaho and Hawaii — hold far more delegates combined (91) than Michigan. There hasn't been any good polling in Mississippi, but Trump hopes to pull off a win there like he did in neighboring Louisiana over the weekend. If Louisiana is an indicator, though, Cruz could give Trump a run for his money.

If Cruz pulled that off, it would be yet another example that he could use to say he's the principal alternative to Trump — and not Marco Rubio. This past weekend, Cruz, who trails Trump by 84 delegates, made a strong case for that. He won the biggest share of the delegates out of a handful of contests with wins in Kansas and Maine — and he nearly picked off Trump in Louisiana and Kentucky.

Rubio finished third everywhere on Saturday, except in Maine, where he finished fourth. He made up for it some in Puerto Rico on Sunday, winning there by such a big margin that he took all of the territory's 23 delegates.

The GOP political establishment couldn't think of a worse possible choice than having to pick between Trump and Cruz, who might be the least liked person in Congress among his colleagues.

And then there's John Kasich. The Ohio governor is hoping to surprise the field in Michigan. He should do well there. He's a Midwesterner. But he's polling double digits behind Trump, and some polls have had Cruz either in second or a close third. If Kasich is far behind in Michigan or even finishes third behind Cruz, it's hard for him to make a case that he has a real chance at the nomination.

He'll likely stay in for the winner-take-all March 15 contest in his home state of Ohio, but what's his sell for staying in after that — aside from maybe trying to keep Trump below a majority heading into the convention by picking off votes and delegates where he can in more moderate places?

Because of the crowded field, unlike the two-person race on the Democratic side, Trump currently still needs 53 percent of all remaining delegates to win the nomination. But he has only won the majority of delegates in five of 20 states so far.

That's not to say anyone else on the GOP side has a better chance of winning a majority — Cruz needs 59 percent of all remaining delegates, Rubio 68 percent and Kasich 75 percent.

The candidates hope to start racking up more lopsided wins, as the contest rules change on March 15. That's when states can pick however they want to award delegates. Some states, like Florida, Ohio, Arizona and New Jersey, are winner take all; others are more hybrid. All of that is to say there could be some funky results, spikes and dips ahead that could sway the race in a potentially unknown direction.

But clearly, at this point, Trump is in the driver's seat. He has solid support with his hardened base that will get him a lot of delegates before June when the contests are eventually over. The question that still remains for him is: Will he grow his support?

Through 20 contests, he has averaged 35 percent of the vote. He's cracked 40 percent in five states so far and 50 percent in just one (New Hampshire). That's why he's been publicly calling for candidates, like Rubio, to get out of the race.

The theory of the establishment coalescing behind a single candidate to beat Trump might not hold true, but what might be true is Trump needs the field to shrink to get a majority before the convention.

How many states vote? Four: Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan and Mississippi. (All four vote on the GOP side, but just Michigan and Mississippi vote on the Democratic side.)

When do polls close? 8 p.m. ET (Mississippi), 9 p.m. ET (Michigan — most polls close at 8 p.m. ET, but some counties are in Central), 11 p.m. ET (Idaho), 1 a.m. ET (Hawaii).

How many delegates are at stake? 316 combined (338 if 22 Democratic superdelegates are included):

Remind me what happened on Super Tuesday? Trump won big, picking up victories in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Massachusetts, Tennessee, Vermont and Virginia. Cruz won his home state of Texas and also Oklahoma and Alaska. Marco Rubio eked out his first victory — in the Minnesota caucuses. That was enough to guarantee that both senators would be in the race until at least March 15, when more states become winner-take-all, including Rubio's must-win home state of Florida.

For the Democrats, Clinton won Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Massachusetts, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Sanders won Colorado, Minnesota, Oklahoma and his home state of Vermont.

Did anything happen after Super Tuesday? Yes. On the Democratic side, Sanders won the caucuses in Maine, Kansas and Nebraska. Clinton won by a huge margin in the Louisiana primary.

On the GOP side, Cruz won the most delegates out of this past weekend with wins in Kansas and Maine on Saturday. Trump pulled off narrow victories in Louisiana and Kentucky. Rubio won the Republican primary in Puerto Rico on Sunday by more than 50 percent of the vote, giving him all 23 delegates (which, by the way, is as many delegates as in New Hampshire).

What is the current delegate count? On the GOP side, Trump has 384 delegates. In second place is Cruz with 300. Rubio has 151 and Kasich 37. Remember, the Republicans need 1,237 delegates to get the nomination.

On the Democratic side, Clinton leads with pledged delegates 672 to 477 for Sanders. With superdelegates factored in (458 for Clinton), her total balloons to 1,130 to Sanders' 499 (with just 22 superdelegates).",1
1164,Does Bernie Sanders really want to win? Three Democratic debate takeaways,"To understand what ails Hillary Clinton, let’s rewind past Iowa and New Hampshire – two years back, in fact, to a speech in New Orleans before the National Auto Dealers Association and these words:

“The last time I actually drove a car myself was 1996. I remember it very well. Unfortunately, so does the Secret Service, which is why I haven't driven since then.”

That one passage underscores three of Clinton’s present-day woes: she’s lived in a cocoon for well over two decades; she’s not all that entertaining; there may be no limit to what she and her husband will do for a quick buck (that one appearance earned Hillary a $325,000 honorarium).

Speaking of Clinton’s motoring skills, there’s a fourth problem: rather than turn into the skid caused by alarming droves of young and women voters jilting her for Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, she’s overcorrected – trying too hard to pawn herself off as a feverish progressive; leaning too hard on “Lean In” adherents to stay true to the sisterhood.

It’s one way to parse Thursday’s Democratic debate in Milwaukee: would Clinton continue her February fishtailing, or find a smarter way to pull out of the skid?

Here are three observations.

1. Did Hillary Alter Her Message? Yes – and it began with her opening statement.

Clinton noted voters’ anger toward the economy (isn’t it more like frustration?), singling out “young people” as those most furious, and sounded Bernie-lite in calling for “unaccountable money” to be taken out of the system and claiming that America’s economy is rigged “for those at the top” (but certainly not those industrious souls giving six-figure speeches).

Credit Clinton with waking up to 2016 reality. Which didn’t come easy – not until New Hampshire’s gobsmacking.

In 1992, Bill Clinton had the luxury of running in a pre-digital time when the Democratic hard left, beaten down after three presidential meltdowns, offered little in the way of resistance. In 2008, having voted for the Iraq war, Hillary was too late to wake up to liberal Sturm und Drang.

In 2016, Clinton understands the kooky old guy to the right of her on the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee stage (physically, not philosophically) is on to something – and she wants in on his act.

And so it’s official: Hillary Feels the Bern . . . until Bernie’s out of the race.

2.  Is Bernie Serious About Winning This? We can quibble over the small stuff – like the batch of spending ideas doubling the national debt. Or how he’d win a single vote in Congress.

Not unlike Donald Trump, Sanders is an implausibly electable candidate who’s cornered the market on “you’re being ripped off” simplicity: “The American people are tired of establishment politics, tired of establishment economics. . .”

The problem: preaching the (Democratic) socialist gospel isn’t a blueprint for victory beyond the most lilywhite of Democratic electorates. Sanders needs to call out Clinton in more glaring terms. Otherwise, he’s gum on her shoe – a protest vote that won’t win many states and, as we’ve already seen post-New Hampshire, will get rolled in the contest that counts most: the delegate count.

Take the issue of illegal immigration as an example of how Sanders falls short. In trying to clarify his 2007 Senate vote against a Senate reform plan, he opted to get all prickly about children’s lives rather than prick holes in Clinton’s record – beginning with not being consistent on immigration.

It wasn’t the only opening he missed.

Sanders could have asked how Clinton could credibly bemoan the state of Black America, having watched her husband sign welfare reform and federal sentencing laws, or why she now espouses gay rights having opposed same-sex marriage in 2008.

Sanders’ trump card – and Hillary’s Achilles heel – is authenticity; he believes what he says; she says what she believes will win the moment.

If Sanders wants to prevail beyond a random few states, he has to drive home that argument. Waiting until the debate’s closing minutes to remind Democrats that she ran against Obama, not him, doesn’t cut it.

3.   On, Wisconsin . . . To Nevada and South Carolina. The drinking game only a fool would have accepted: imbibing whenever Clinton tossed a line to those voters she most immediately needs (well, that and Bernie saying “billionaires” or “Wall Street”).

For a Nevada that’s almost 28 percent Latino (50 percent above the national average) and votes on the Democratic side a week from Saturday: “[H]ard-working immigrant families, living in fear, who should be brought out of the shadows so they and their children can have a better future”.

For a South Carolina that’s almost 28 percent black (compared to 1% in New Hampshire) and holds its Democratic primary the following Saturday: “African-Americans who face discrimination in the job market, education, housing and the criminal justice system”.

Toss in a shout-out here or there to women (equal pay for equal work) and Hillary was the grizzliest of pander bears. Her jacket may have been acid-yellow; her intentions were transparently black and brown.

Milwaukee lays claim to several innovations – the first steel automobile frame and outboard gasoline engine (the latter courtesy of a local named Ole Evinrude), not to mention the ice-cream sundae.

The city’s also home to “sewer socialism” and the idea that the natural counter to the Industrial Revolution was to spruce up society with new sanitation systems, municipally-owned utilities, and better schools and parks.

Hillary Clinton’s challenge moving forward: convincing her party that Bernie’s socialism is a losing proposition for her party, even with the “Democratic” modifier.

And if that doesn’t work in Nevada and South Carolina?

This race will wind up in the sewer.

Bill Whalen is a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution, where he analyzes California and national politics. He also blogs daily on the 2016 election at www.adayattheracesblog.com. Follow him on Twitter @hooverwhalen.",1
1937,Rubio nabs key former Romney aide,"Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is adding a veteran New Hampshire political operative to his team as he continues mulling a possible 2016 presidential bid, the latest sign that he is seriously preparing to launch a campaign later this year.

Jim Merrill, who worked for former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney and ran his 2008 and 2012 New Hampshire primary campaigns, joined Rubio’s fledgling campaign on Monday, aides to the senator said.

Merrill will be joining Rubio’s Reclaim America PAC to focus on Rubio’s New Hampshire and broader Northeast political operations.

""Marco has always been well received in New Hampshire, and should he run for president, he would be very competitive there,"" Terry Sullivan, who runs Reclaim America, said in a statement. ""Jim certainly knows how to win in New Hampshire and in the Northeast, and will be a great addition to our team at Reclaim America.”

News of Merrill’s hire was first reported by The New York Times.",1
4516,ISIS claim responsibility for shooting at Texas Muhammad cartoon contest,"The Islamic State terror group (ISIS) Tuesday issued a claim of responsibility for Sunday's attack on a Texas cartoon contest featuring images of the Muslim prophet Muhammad.

The claim was made in an audio message on the group's Al Bayan radio station, based in the Syria city of Raqqa, which ISIS has proclaimed to be the capital of its self-proclaimed caliphate. It is the first time ISIS has taken credit for an attack on U.S. soil, though it was not immediately clear whether the group's claim was an opportunistic co-opting of a so-called ""lone wolf"" attack as its own.

The message described the shooting suspects as ""two soldiers of the caliphate"" and added ""We tell America that what is coming is more bitter and harder and you will see from the soldiers of the Caliphate what harms you.""

The message also said the contest, which was being put on by a group known for controversial rhetoric about Islam, ""was portraying negative images of the Prophet Muhammad.""

House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul, R-Texas, told Fox News Tuesday that the attack was terrorism and at the very least inspired by ISIS.

McCaul also said in the days leading up to the attack, a joint FBI and Homeland Security bulletin was circulated and security for the event had been ramped up as a result, in Garland understanding that it was a target.

An investigation following the attack revealed a striking connection between at least one of the gunmen and a Twitter account based overseas, suggesting that ISIS operatives had knowledge of the attack beforehand and that the same fighters encouraged the shooters, a counterterrorism source told Fox News.

One British-based jihadi in Syria who does not tweet on a regular basis sent out a message within an hour of the attack, praising both men.

Another established ISIS Twitter account suggested he had been in contact with one of the gunmen just prior to the attack, using messages such as he tried to reach him but just missed him. The source said the social media appeared to show encouragement and mentoring.

The contest had been expected to draw outrage from the Muslim community. According to mainstream Islamic tradition, any physical depiction of Muhammad — even a respectful one — is considered blasphemous, and drawings similar to those featured at the Texas event have sparked violence around the world.

Authorities say the suspects, identified as Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi, drove up to the building where the contest was being held in the Dallas suburb of Garland and opened fire. An unarmed school district security guard was wounded before a Garland police officer returned fire and killed both men.

Soofi had a long standing hatred of police and had studied overseas in Islamabad, Pakistan, according to a Facebook account that has since been disabled.

He once owned a pizza and hot wings restaurant in Phoenix called Cleopatra, but sold it years ago as it was struggling, the New York Times reports.

Public records showed that Soofi and Simpson were living in the same apartment complex in Phoenix, but it was not clear if they lived together, according to the newspaper.

Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said in a statement Monday that law enforcement authorities are investigating the men's motives and all circumstances surrounding the attack.

Court documents show that Simpson had first been noticed by the FBI in 2006 due to his ties to a a former U.S. Navy sailor who had been arrested in Phoenix and was ultimately convicted of terrorism-related charges. In 2010, Simpson was arrested one day before he was scheduled to fly to South Africa to undertake what he claimed were religious studies at a madrassa. Recordings played at Simpson's trial indicated that he was using his studies as an excuse to travel to Somalia to link up with militant fighters there.

Despite the more than 1,500 hours of recorded conversations, including Simpson's discussions about fighting nonbelievers for Allah, whom he referred to as ""kuffars"" the government prosecuted him on only one minor charge — lying to a federal agent. He faced three years of probation and $600 in fines and court fees.

There have been numerous attacks in Western countries believed related in some way to the group, which holds roughly a third of Iraq and Syria.

In October, Canada was hit by two terror attacks by so-called ""lone wolves"" believed to have been inspired by the Islamic State group. In Ottawa, a gunman shot and killed a soldier at Canada's National War Memorial and then stormed Parliament before being gunned down. Two days earlier, a man ran over two soldiers in a parking lot in Quebec, killing one and injuring the other before being shot to death by police.

Fox News Catherine Herridge and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
83,#BlackLivesMatter: Why movement is its own worst enemy,"Editor's note: The following column appeared in The Hill newspaper and on TheHill.com.

#BlackLivesMatter is fast becoming its own worst enemy.

It lacks an agenda, it is antagonizing the black community’s top white political allies, including Democrats running for the party’s 2016 presidential nomination, and it is not finding common ground with any of the Republican majority in Congress.

The catalyst for the movement was outrage over the deaths of young black men like Freddie Gray, Michael Brown and Eric Garner at the hands of police officers who arguably used excessive, even deadly force. But where is the list of solutions to the injustices it so often decries?

The movement’s failure to get its collective act together carries real danger for the political clout of the African-American community in the 2016 elections and beyond.

With the movement potentially discouraging black American trust in Democrats, #BlackLivesMatter is increasing the odds of a sharp drop in black voter turnout in 2016. Already Democrats privately worry that without President Obama on the ballot, the black vote will decrease the turnout needed to keep the White House and win back the Senate.

That is more likely to happen if black voters get caught up in the anger that the BlackLives movement has directed at the political structure. The potential absence of black voters who have become discouraged — about a quarter of the nation’s Democrats — would be more devastating than any Republican plan to require voter identification, reduce the number of polling places in black neighborhoods or cut back on early voting.

When BlackLives activists denounce the Democratic National Committee for issuing a resolution in support of police reform, they are hurting themselves with party officials. When they say that all political parties try to “control or contain” black liberation, they are also damaging faith in the political system, especially among young people.

When they interrupt Democrats running for the presidential nomination, such as Bernie Sanders and Martin O’Malley, they are alienating longtime political allies and their supporters. When they videotape Hillary Clinton after she generously agrees to meet with them privately — in an apparent attempt to embarrass her — they are distancing themselves from the likely Democratic nominee. And imagine how local and state officials will react now to any request for a meeting with the group.

Meanwhile, they are not finding common cause with Latinos, even as immigrants are being attacked by the Republican candidates for the presidential election. Have you seen BlackLives interrupting Donald Trump’s events? Where is the outreach to Republicans?

Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) is one the most outspoken leaders in either political party on the racial inequities of prison reform. “I see an America where criminal justice is applied equally and any law that disproportionately incarcerates people of color is repealed,” he said in his announcement speech. If change is the goal, where is the alliance with the senator?

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, a former federal prosecutor, has declared on the campaign trail that “the war on drugs has been a failure.” He told an audience last month “everyone makes mistakes” and that society needs to “reach out” and “embrace those people and say, ‘If you’re not a violent offender, if you’re not dealing drugs to our children, we need to get you treatment rather than prison.’ ”

Earlier this year, the Brennan Center for Law and Justice published a collection of essays highlighting the bipartisan consensus among national politicians that there is a need for sentencing reform, called Solutions: American Leaders speak out on Criminal Justice. Clinton, O’Malley, Paul, Christie and fellow presidential candidates Jim Webb, Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee, Scott Walker and Marco Rubio each penned essays for the Brennan Center on the need for reform.

And it’s not just those running for the Oval Office — leading congressional Republicans like Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and Tea Party favorite Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) have all endorsed proposals to relax the federal sentencing laws. Grassley has said he wants to move on a bill this year to do just that.

A bipartisan bill, the Safe, Accountable, Fair, and Effective (SAFE) Justice Act authored by Republican Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin and Democratic Rep. Bobby Scott of Virginia, has about three-dozen bipartisan co-sponsors in the House already. If #BlackLivesMatter protesters were chanting “Pass the SAFE Justice Act now!” they could find themselves in position to make significant change. Somehow they are blind to the opportunity.

It has been said that politicians see the light once they feel the heat. If only the energy and passion of #BlackLivesMatter protesters could be harnessed in something constructive rather than destructive.

Lobby Congress, hold voter registration drives, quiz candidates on their plan for sentencing reform, but don’t heckle the candidates and incite violence by calling for cop-killing. The movement could be critical to securing and mobilizing black support for criminal justice reform that actually would improve black lives.

I am reminded of something my father, who trained boxers, once told me.

He said even the best fighters know fear is like fire. It can cook your food and light your home. It can also burn your house down and kill you. The key to controlling fear or fire is turning it to a constructive purpose.

Now if only #BlackLivesMatter will harness its own fire into the urgent cause of criminal justice reform.

Juan Williams is a co-host of FNC's ""The Five,"" where he is one of seven rotating Fox personalities.

",1
1849,Clinton is banking on the Obama coalition to win,"Hillary Rodham Clinton is running as the most liberal Democratic presidential front-runner in decades, with positions on issues from gay marriage to immigration that would, in past elections, have put her at her party’s precarious left edge.

The moves are part of a strategic conclusion by Clinton’s emerging campaign: that it can harness the same kind of young and diverse coalition as Barack Obama did in 2008 and 2012, bolstered by even stronger appeal among women.

Her approach — outlined in interviews with aides and advisers — is a bet that social and demographic shifts mean that no left-leaning position Clinton takes now would be likely to hurt her in making her case to moderate and independent voters in the general election next year.

The strategy relies on calculations about the 2016 landscape, including that up to 31 percent of the electorate will be Americans of color — a projection that may be overly optimistic for her campaign. It factors in that a majority of independent voters already support same-sex marriage and the pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants that Clinton endorsed this month.

The game plan also hinges on a conclusion by Clinton strategists that the broad appeal of issues such as paid family leave, a higher minimum wage and more affordable college will help outweigh any concerns about costs. And while the early liberal tilt focuses on domestic issues more likely to drive voters this cycle, Clinton will also have to win over liberal voters still skeptical of her hawkish reputation on foreign policy.

The campaign’s overall calculus relies on a mix of polling — including both internal and public surveys — internal focus groups and what advisers described as gut feelings about the national mood. It also reflects what Clinton backers say are her firmly held personal convictions and her pragmatism.

“Her approach to this really is not trying to take a ruler out and measure where she wants to be on some ideological scale,” Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta said. “It’s to dive deeply into the problems facing the American people and American families. She’s a proud wonk, and she looks at policy from that perspective.”

[How Hillary Clinton is running against parts of her husband’s legacy]

Clinton’s full embrace of same-sex marriage in the first days of her campaign was followed by clear statements in favor of scrapping get-tough immigration and incarceration policies — many of which took root during her husband’s administration. She has also weighed in with liberal takes on climate change, abortion rights and disparities in income and opportunity between rich and poor.

All are issues that have been divisive in the past for both Democrats and Republicans. But none are now judged to be radioactive for Democrats, which gives Clinton more elbow room.

By taking such positions, aides and advisers hope Clinton will not only inoculate herself against a serious challenge from the left in the primaries, but that she also will be able to push on through the general election. Her campaign believes American public opinion has moved left not only since Bill Clinton won election in 1992 on a centrist platform, but also since Barack Obama won on a more liberal one.

Republicans — as part of a broader critique of her trustworthiness — accuse Clinton of flip-flopping on some positions and hiding on others, such as free trade, to cater to the liberal base.

“Clinton’s already moved her position leftward on numerous hot button issues to the base, including immigration, gay marriage, Wall Street and criminal justice reforms,” conservative America Rising PAC director Colin Reed wrote in a position paper Friday.

“Clinton’s moves reinforce all her worst attributes as a candidate and hurt her image among voters of all stripes,” Reed said. “Progressive voters know that she’s not truly one of them,” while swing voters “see a desperate politician staking out far-left positions that are outside of the mainstream of most Americans.”

Many political strategists also say Clinton will be hard-pressed to re-create Obama’s winning coalition and that the 30 percent to 31 percent non-white turnout that some of her outside backers are projecting may be out of reach. Exit polls show non-white turnout was 28 percent in 2012 and 26 percent in 2008. Clinton will have to expand Hispanic support, increase turnout among independent women and still hold on to a large share of black voters who were drawn to the first African American major-party nominee.

The bold stance on immigration is widely seen as one way to jump-start the expansion of Hispanic support Clinton will need, although advisers say she had already made up her mind about citizenship and there was no reason to put off an announcement. When outlining her position in Nevada, where 1 in 4 residents is Hispanic, she made a point of saying that no Republican would go as far — and alleged that the GOP wanted immigrants to have “second-class status.”

“People often talk about the electorate moving left,” said Clinton senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan. “I think it’s more that the electorate is just getting more practical. For Hillary Clinton, that matches her evidence-based approach. The arguments that persuade her are evidence-based and progressive.”

He cited the growing consensus that mass incarceration is expensive and unworkable, and that the country is never going to deport all of the more than 11 million people who are here illegally.

[Clinton campaign’s dilemma: What to do with Bill?]

Advisers do not dispute that Clinton has a finger to the wind of the national mood, but they insist the timing and substance of her positions are not driven by polling. The still-cautious candidate has declined to make clear her position on two key proposals that many liberals oppose: the Keystone XL pipeline and Obama’s free-trade deal.

Sullivan also noted that some of Clinton’s early proposals “cut against the grain” of political liberalism, such as her emphasis on improving the playing field for American small businesses.

Clinton will debut policy proposals to ease lending bottlenecks for small businesses on campaign trips to Iowa and New Hampshire this week. The impetus came largely from conversations Clinton had in the run-up to the campaign and a six-month policy review led by Sullivan that looked at how Clinton might address a variety of national concerns.

“The thing she is most interested in is not what position is most popular, it’s what do people worry about,” Sullivan said.

Clinton’s 2008 campaign was so focused on polling data and the consequences of saying the wrong thing that it sometimes appeared paralyzed. Some of that campaign’s infamous staff battles focused on the advice from senior adviser Mark Penn, a pollster, to avoid more liberal positions in the primary that year for fear they would hurt her in a general election contest.

This time is different, backers say. “The strategic advantage the Democrats have is that the distance between our base and the middle is shorter than for Republicans,” said Neera Tanden, president of the liberal Center for American Progress and a longtime Clinton confidant.

In other words, Clinton’s strategists say, she does not face the same whiplash as Republican candidates who seek to dial back hard-right positions on issues such as abortion or immigration adopted during a competitive primary.

Senior campaign officials acknowledged that trade is a divisive and fraught issue for Democrats and for her. Clinton’s past support for the Pacific free-trade pact makes her current silence awkward at best, but her advisers are gambling that the issue won’t leave an enduring rift within the party.

Clinton campaign leaders and outside loyalists also bridle at the perception that she is less of a progressive politician than, say, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.). They point to Clinton’s early career as a crusading lawyer in Arkansas and lifelong professional commitments to improving women’s lives.

[The making of Hillary 5.0: Re-imagining the Clinton brand]

Warren has said she isn’t running but has declined so far to endorse Clinton. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) is running a strongly populist challenge to Clinton, and former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley — who has suggested Clinton is too hesitant and poll-driven — is expected to enter the race this month.

“If Clinton and other candidates are not seen as standing with Warren on the [Trans-Pacific Partnership] trade deal and a number of other economic issues critical to working families, it could create an even greater sense of urgency” to get Warren into the race, said Gary Ritterstein, an adviser to the support group Ready for Warren.

The clearest shift in national attitudes, and Clinton’s own, has come on same-sex marriage. She moved from saying she considered marriage to be between a man and a woman when she was first lady to backing civil unions as an alternative to marriage in 2008 to full support of gay and lesbian marriage now.

Public opinion polling suggests she is on safe ground, despite ongoing legal fights in several states. The firmest opposition to gay marriage is centered in red states and among Republican voters unlikely to consider voting for Clinton.

Pew Research polling shows that in August 2008 — when Clinton endorsed Obama as the Democratic nominee — 52 percent of Americans opposed legal same-sex marriage and 39 percent supported it. The same poll now shows 54 percent support for such marriages while 39 percent are opposed.

Shifts on criminal justice issues are less dramatic, but there are bipartisan efforts now to repeal some of the harshest and least flexible laws on the books for two decades. Outrage and revulsion over police killings of black men over the past year made the issue more urgent for many young, African American and socially liberal voters.

Last month, Clinton gave an address calling for dramatic changes in policing and prosecution to lessen the rate of incarceration. The remarks echo calls among both Democrats and some Republicans, such as Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.).

“Two or three years ago,” said Clinton policy adviser Ann O’Leary, “that speech might have been seen as a very left-leaning speech.”",1
3644,"Mike Brown anniversary: Arrests, state of emergency","Ferguson, Missouri (CNN) A day of civil disobedience that saw several arrests ended Monday with rowdy protesters throwing rocks and bottles at police.

The St. Louis County police said frozen water bottles were thrown at officers, prompting them to order the crowd to disperse or face arrest.

""Safety, our top priority, is now compromised. This is no longer a peaceful protest. Participants are now unlawfully assembled,"" the department tweeted

(1/2) Safety, our top priority, is now compromised. This is no longer a peaceful protest. Participants are now unlawfully assembled.

Earlier, a top St. Louis County official declared a state of emergency, saying violence had marred demonstrations marking the one-year anniversary of Michael Brown's death

""The recent acts of violence will not be tolerated in a community that has worked so tirelessly over the last year to rebuild and become stronger,"" St. Louis County Executive Steve Stenger said in a statement.

The executive order put St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar in charge of police operations in Ferguson and the surrounding areas, Stenger said.

During the day Monday, roughly 200 demonstrators marched from Christ Church Cathedral to the Thomas F. Eagleton United States Courthouse in St. Louis. The protesters carried signs, chanted and prayed and demanded the Justice Department take action.

At the Old Courthouse in downtown St. Louis, protesters hung a banner from two balloons. It read, ""Racism still lives here #fightback.""

One of those protesters, Johnetta Elzie, who has been a mainstay of the demonstrations and goes by Netta, tweeted minutes before her arrest, ""If I'm arrested today please know I'm not suicidal. I have plenty to live for. I did not resist, I'm just black.""

Later Monday, another group of protesters blocked part of Interstate 70 in Earth City, Missouri. Some of them held yellow signs that said, ""Ferguson is everywhere.""

Protesters held hands and formed a line across the highway. About 20 minutes later, troopers cleared the roadway, walking with protesters toward the shoulder and apparently arresting some of them in a nearby parking lot.

Monday's acts of civil disobedience came after a night of violence that left Ferguson on edge.

Peaceful marches in the St. Louis suburb planned by day on Sunday were shattered that same night when gunfire broke out, sending protesters and police scattering to safety.

The alleged gunman, 18-year-old Tyrone Harris of St. Louis, is hospitalized in critical condition and in police custody. The St. Louis County Police Department said officers shot the teenager after he unleashed a ""remarkable amount of gunfire"" at police -- a characterization the man's aunt contends is not true.

Prosecutors have charged Harris with four counts of first-degree assault on law enforcement, five counts of armed criminal action and one count of discharging a firearm at a motor vehicle, St. Louis County Police Department spokesman Sgt. Brian Schellman said.

Belmar said earlier that Harris used a stolen handgun to fire at officers.

Harris is being held on a $250,000 bond, Schellman said.

Harris' aunt, Karen Harris, said her nephew attended the protests because he was friends with Brown. Recounting what other family members who were with Tyrone Harris described, the aunt said Tyrone Harris wasn't carrying a gun and never fired at police.

He was ""running for his life"" just like everyone else, she said, when the gunshots were fired.

The anniversary observations of Brown's shooting death by a white Ferguson police officer started off peacefully Sunday.

Vigils honored him throughout the day. Attendees observed four and a half minutes of silence to signify the four and a half hours Brown's body lay on the street after the unarmed black teen was shot last year.

But the new gunfire shifted the focus Sunday night.

When officers first saw the suspect, he was running away after exchanging gunfire with an unknown person, police said.

Some gunfire rang out as reporters were talking to Ferguson's acting police chief, Andre Anderson. A startled Anderson continued speaking with a steady burst of gunfire in the background. Crowds scattered.

Detectives in an unmarked SUV turned on its emergency lights and pursued the suspect, only to be shot at, according to Belmar. The bullets hit the vehicle's hood and windshield several times, Belmar said.

As the detectives got out of the car, the suspect allegedly turned around and fired again.

Then he ran toward a fenced area, where he continued firing -- until officers struck him multiple times, Belmar said.

The four plainclothes officers involved in the shooting have between six to 12 years of experience, he said. They have been placed on administrative leave.

""We cannot continue, we cannot talk about the good things that we have been talking about, if we are prevented from moving forward with this kind of violence,"" Belmar said, adding that those resorting to violence are not protesters.

""Protesters are people who are out there to effect change,"" he said. There were ""several people shooting, several rounds shot.""

By Sunday night, police presence had turned heavy, and rumors about the shooting flew.

Police and protesters faced off in a tense standoff on West Florissant Avenue, not far from Canfield Drive, where Brown was shot.

Several objects were thrown at police and some businesses damaged, the St. Louis County Police Department said. A journalist was attacked and robbed in a parking lot. Three St. Louis County police officers were injured: One was struck in the face by a brick, while two others were pepper-sprayed.

Police, with helmets and shields, pushed crowds back and called in tactical units.

""We're ready for what? We're ready for war,"" some in the crowd chanted.

In a separate incident early Monday, a man wearing a red hooded sweatshirt shot two teens, 17 and 19, in the chest, the St. Louis County Police Department said.

Both were hospitalized with injuries not considered life-threatening, authorities said.

The teens were walking on a sidewalk near where Brown was killed a year ago.

Amid the chaos, some appealed for calm.

""Please pray for peace in Ferguson tonight and forever,"" Danny Takhar tweeted. ""And the police department really needs to look at what they did last year and today.""

Others posted a video of what they described as a shooting victim in Ferguson lying on the streets bleeding.

""Please get him some help! He's bleeding out,"" a voice said off camera.

""This kind of behavior from those who want to cause disruption and destroy the progress from this past year will not be tolerated,"" the city's mayor and City Council said. ""We are asking for our citizens and businesses to be diligent and to be watchful for those who want to cause harm to our community.""

The details of what happened on August 9, 2014, and the days of protest that followed have become a polarizing topic in Ferguson and America as a whole.

Brown's killing by Officer Darren Wilson sparked outrage and protests nationwide against what some described as racial bias by the police.

A grand jury didn't indict Wilson, and the U.S. Justice Department also declined to bring criminal charges, but the feds did issue a report that found the Ferguson Police Department and the city's municipal court had engaged in a ""pattern and practice"" of discrimination against African-Americans, targeting them disproportionately for traffic stops, use of force and jail sentences.

Brown's killing sparked weeks of protests that at times intensified into street fires and looting of businesses. Police fired tear gas in response, sparking more tensions.

But protesters -- many of whom are skeptical of the local and federal inquiries into the case -- point to examples of police misconduct exposed in the wake of Brown's death. The case also led to new policing strategies, including the introduction of police body cameras.",1
3827,"Obama Touts 2015 Successes, Sets 2016 Goals","WASHINGTON—President Barack Obama pledged to press an aggressive policy agenda during his final year in office, while also acknowledging the recent rise in terrorism threats to the U.S. will present a new challenge for his administration.

Mr. Obama, in a news conference Friday, made the case that he has shown over the past year he is far from a lame duck, pointing to the restoration of U.S. ties with Cuba, the Supreme Court decision upholding the Affordable Care Act, and the Iran nuclear deal. He vowed to make similar...",1
3741,Prisoner in van heard “banging against walls.”,"A prisoner sharing a police transport van with Freddie Gray told investigators that he could hear Gray “banging against the walls” of the vehicle and believed that he “was intentionally trying to injure himself,” according to a police document obtained by The Washington Post.

The prisoner was separated from Gray by a metal partition and could not see him. His statement is contained in an application for a search warrant, which is sealed by the court. The Post was given the document under the condition that the prisoner not be named because the person who provided it feared for the inmate’s safety. But the prisoner, Donta Allen, 22, later spoke to the media, including The Post, and allowed himself to be identified.

In a phone interview, Allen said he had been in the van with Gray and told police he heard “light banging.” He said the police report incorrectly characterized his statements to authorities and that he “never ever said to police that [Gray] was hurting himself.”

Allen, who is on probation for an armed robbery conviction, declined to comment further.

The document, written by a Baltimore police investigator, offers the first glimpse of what might have happened inside the van. It is not clear whether any additional evidence backs up the prisoner’s version, which is just one piece of a much larger probe.

Prosecutors on May 1 announced they had charged six officers in connection with Gray’s death. One officer faces a second-degree murder charge, three others are charged with manslaughter. The remaining two face charges including second-degree assault and misconduct in office.

[Gray’s life is a study in the sad effects of lead paint on poor blacks]

Gray was found unconscious in the wagon when it arrived at a police station on April 12. The 25-year-old had suffered a spinal injury and died a week later, touching off waves of protests across Baltimore, capped by a riot Monday in which hundreds of angry residents torched buildings, looted stores and pelted police officers with rocks.

Police have said they do not know whether Gray was injured during the arrest or during his 30-minute ride in the van. Local police and the U.S. Justice Department both have launched investigations of Gray’s death.

Jason Downs, one of the attorneys for the Gray family, said the family had not been told of the prisoner’s comments to investigators.

“We disagree with any implication that Freddie Gray severed his own spinal cord,” Downs said. “We question the accuracy of the police reports we’ve seen thus far, including the police report that says Mr. Gray was arrested without force or incident.”

Capt. Eric Kowalczyk, chief spokesman for the Baltimore Police Department, declined to comment on the affidavit, citing the ongoing investigation. The person who provided the document did so on condition of anonymity.

The affidavit is part of a search warrant seeking the seizure of the uniform worn by one of the officers involved in Gray’s arrest or transport. It does not say how many officers were in the van, whether any reported that they heard banging or whether they would have been able to help Gray if he was seeking to injure himself. Police have mentioned only two prisoners in the van.

Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony W. Batts has admitted flaws in the way officers handled Gray after they chased him through a West Baltimore housing project and arrested him. They said they later found a switchblade clipped to the inside of his pants. Batts has said officers repeatedly ignored Gray’s pleas for medical help and failed to secure him with a safety belt or harness in the back of the transport van.

Video shot by several bystanders has fueled the rage in West Baltimore. It shows two officers on top of Gray, putting their knees in his back, then dragging his seemingly limp body to the van as he cries out.

Batts has said Gray stood on one leg and climbed into the van on his own.

The van driver stopped three times while transporting Gray to a booking center, the first to put him in leg irons. Batts said the officer driving the van described Gray as “irate.” The search warrant application says Gray “continued to be combative in the police wagon.”

The driver made a second stop, five minutes later, and asked an officer to help check on Gray. At that stop, police have said the van driver found Gray on the floor of the van and put him back on the seat, still without restraints. Police said Gray asked for medical help at that point.

The third stop was to put the other prisoner into the van. The van was then driven six blocks to the Western District station. Gray was taken from there to a hospital, where he died April 19.

Batts has said officers violated policy by failing to properly restrain Gray. But the president of the Baltimore police union noted that the policy mandating seat belts took effect April 3 and was e-mailed to officers as part of a package of five policy changes on April 9, three days before Gray was arrested.

Gene Ryan, the police union president, said many officers aren’t reading the new policies — updated to meet new national standards — because they think they’re the same rules they already know, with cosmetic changes. The updates are supposed to be read out during pre-shift meetings.

The previous policy was written in 1997, when the department used smaller, boxier wagons that officers called “ice cream trucks.” They originally had a metal bar that prisoners had to hold during the ride. Seat belts were added later, but the policy made their use discretionary.

Ryan said that until all facts become clear, he “urged everyone not to rush to judgment. The facts as presented will speak for themselves. I just wish everyone would take a step back and a deep breath, and let the investigation unfold.”

The search warrant application says that detectives at the time did not know where the officer’s uniform was located and that they wanted his department-issued long-sleeve shirts, pants and black boots or shoes. The document says investigators think that Gray’s DNA might be found on the officer’s clothes.",1
3217,Carly Fiorina announces presidential bid,"Watch Erin Burnett's live interview with Carly Fiorina on ""Erin Burnett Outfront"" on Tuesday at 7 p.m. EDT on CNN.

(CNN) Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina announced her candidacy for president on Monday, becoming the first declared female candidate to seek the Republican Party's nomination.

""Yes, I am running,"" Fiorina said on ABC's ""Good Morning America."" ""I think I'm the best person for the job because I understand how the economy actually works. I understand the world; who's in it.""

The ex-Silicon Valley executive and long-shot White House contender has never held public office. In 2010, she unsuccessfully ran for Senate in California, losing to Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer.

She is now one of only a few women ever to seek the Republican Party's nomination for president -- among them, former Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann, who was a candidate in 2012, and former North Carolina Sen. Elizabeth Dole, who made a brief run in the 2000 cycle.

Fiorina has been laying the groundwork for a possible presidential campaign over the past few months, traveling to early states like Iowa and New Hampshire and meeting with activists and donors.

Casting herself as an outside-the-beltway candidate with years of private sector experience, she has been particularly critical of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her work in government.

On Monday, Fiorina said Clinton ""clearly is not trustworthy.""

""She has not been transparent about a whole set of things that matter,"" Fiorina said on ABC, ticking off Benghazi, Clinton's use of personal emails at the State Department as well as foreign donations that the Clinton Foundation has received.

""If you're tired of the sound bites, the vitriol, the pettiness, the egos, the corruption; if you believe that it's time to declare the end of identity politics; if you believe that it's time to declare the end of lowered expectations; if you believe that it's time for citizens to stand up to the political class and say enough, then join us,"" Fiorina says.

Fiorina also announced the news of her campaign on various social media outlets including Twitter. She is set to participate in an online town hall with supporters Monday afternoon, then travel to Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina later in the week. Her new book, ""Rising to the Challenge,"" is scheduled to be released on Tuesday.

Standing out in what is expected to be a crowded Republican field that includes far better-known candidates like former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, will be a significant challenge for Fiorina.

But political strategists say Fiorina, an articulate communicator and energetic retail politician, could very well have a moment in the race, particularly as she makes an appeal to voters who are drawn to a non-establishment candidate.

Fiorina could also be a galvanizing force in an election where on the other side of the political aisle, Clinton -- the widely presumed Democratic frontrunner -- has indicated that she plans to make gender issues one of the central themes of her campaign.

Marty Wilson, an executive vice president at the California Chamber of Commerce who managed Fiorina's 2010 Senate campaign, said one potential obstacle for Fiorina will be building up a national donor base when she hasn't had to raise money for a political campaign since 2010.

""She's a very talented candidate and connects well with voters,"" Wilson said. ""The problem is after 2010, she was no longer a candidate. So mail lists and email lists tend to atrophy when they're not in use.""

Fiorina has recruited veteran political strategists to help run her campaign.

In February, Fiorina supporters announced the establishment of Carly For America, a super PAC to support her eventually potential presidential campaign. Fiorina has enlisted Steve DeMaura, the former executive director of the New Hampshire Republican Party, to be the super PAC's executive director.

Fiorina is best known for her time at HP, a company she led from 1999 to 2005. Her controversial tenure at the firm gave Boxer plenty of political ammunition in the 2010 race, and the issue could once again emerge a vulnerability for Fiorina in her campaign for president.

As CEO, Fiorina spearheaded a divisive merger with Compaq as she sought to rebrand the firm and boost its relevance in the tech world. Some HP employees were unhappy with Fiorina's leadership style and what they said was a lack of engagement with colleagues, and members of the Hewlett and Packard families have been openly critical of her role at the company

But Fiorina continues to defend her time at HP. As CEO of a major corporation, she says, she gained critical executive skills that would serve her well in the White House.

""HP requires executive decision-making, and the presidency is all about executive decision-making,"" Fiorina told CNN in February.",1
2897,Parents Of American Woman Held By ISIS Say They Have Been Notified Of Her Death,"The parents of an American woman held by the Islamic State group said in a statement on Tuesday that they have been notified of her death.

The White House said Kayla Jean Mueller's family received a message from her captors over the weekend, which was authenticated by the U.S. intelligence community, the Associated Press reports.

 

 On Friday, the Islamic State group released a statement claiming Mueller had been killed in a Jordanian airstrike in Raqqa, Syria. The Jordanian government said later that it was ""highly skeptical"" about the extremists' statement.

Mueller, who is from Prescott, Arizona, was captured by militants in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo in August 2013. U.S. officials acknowledged last year that a 26-year-old American woman was being held by the group, but did not identify her out of fears for her safety.

Mueller's family honored her dedication to humanitarian work in their statement on Tuesday, according to The Arizona Republic. ""We are so proud of the person Kayla was and the work that she did while she was here with us. She lived with purpose, and we will work every day to honor her legacy,"" the statement read.

""Our hearts are breaking for our only daughter, but we will continue on in peace, dignity, and love for her,"" the family said.

The family also released a letter that Mueller wrote while in captivity in 2014, BuzzFeed notes. ""I know you would want me to remain strong. That is exactly what I'm doing,"" Mueller wrote. ""[I] have learned that even in prison, one can be free. I am grateful. I have come to see there is good in every situation, sometimes we just have to look for it.""

""In how she lived her life, she epitomized all that is good in our world,"" he said. ""No matter how long it takes, the United States will find and bring to justice the terrorists who are responsible for Kayla’s captivity and death.""

Mueller had been working in Turkey assisting Syrian refugees, according to a 2013 article in The Daily Courier, her hometown newspaper. She told the paper that she was drawn to help with the situation in Syria.

""For as long as I live, I will not let this suffering be normal,"" she said. ""It's important to stop and realize what we have, why we have it and how privileged we are. And from that place, start caring and get a lot done.""

A 2007 article about Mueller from the same newspaper said she was a student at Northern Arizona University and was active in the Save Darfur Coalition. A statement from the office of Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said Mueller graduated in 2009 and had worked to help people in need in India, Israel, the Palestinian territories and in Arizona.

Mueller is the fourth American to die while being held by Islamic State militants. Three other Americans - journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and aid worker Peter Kassig - were beheaded by the group.

Journalist Austin Tice, of Houston, Texas, disappeared in August 2012 while covering Syria's civil war. It's not clear what entity is holding him, but it is not believed to be the Islamic State group or the Syrian government, his family has said.

""We are heartbroken to share that we've received confirmation that Kayla Jean Mueller, has lost her life. ""Kayla was a compassionate and devoted humanitarian. She dedicated the whole of her young life to helping those in need of freedom, justice, and peace. In a letter to her father on his birthday in 2011, Kayla wrote: 'I find God in the suffering eyes reflected in mine. If this is how you are revealed to me, this is how I will forever seek you.' 'I will always seek God. Some people find God in church. Some people find God in nature. Some people find God in love; I find God in suffering. I've known for some time what my life's work is, using my hands as tools to relieve suffering.' ""Kayla was drawn to help those displaced by the Syrian civil war. She first traveled to Turkey in December, 2012 to provide humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees. She told us of the great joy she took in helping Syrian children and their families. ""We are so proud of the person Kayla was and the work that she did while she was here with us. She lived with purpose, and we will work every day to honor her legacy. ""Our hearts are breaking for our only daughter, but we will continue on in peace, dignity, and love for her. ""We remain heartbroken, also, for the families of the other captives who did not make it home safely and who remain in our thoughts and prayers. We pray for a peaceful resolution of the conflict in Syria.""",1
2221,Obama's long-view foreign policy: why he thinks the US can bend the arc of history,"In President Obama's interview with Matt Yglesias on foreign policy, he did something interesting when pressed on how he squares support for human rights with a foreign policy that has included a number of alliances with dictators. Obama said that the US could only do so much, and that sometimes he has to ""recognize the world as it is"" and make practical tradeoffs. And, he said, ""The trajectory of this planet overall is one toward less violence, more tolerance, less strife, less poverty.""

On the surface, it seemed like a dodge, an argument that the US doesn't have to worry too much about promoting democracy and human rights, which will arise naturally. But Obama returned to this point at the very end of the interview, and said something that's crucial to understanding his worldview and the role he sees American foreign policy playing in the world:

Obama's point here is that the arc of history bends naturally toward democracy and human rights, and that the best thing the US can do is not to solve every crisis individually — which can sometimes make things worse — but rather to help bend that arc in the right direction globally.

The world is, in the long view, getting much better for human beings: people are healthier, freer, and safer than they've ever been, and those trends are holding. The best thing the United States can do for the world, Obama thinks, is strengthen the forces that drive this progress.

In this long view of foreign policy, the best weapon in the war for human rights and democracy isn't the US military or economic sanctions; it's the forces of human progress themselves.

That the world is getting much better is, at this point, an undeniable fact. People live longer and healthier lives than they ever have. Deaths from war are at an all-time low. After the Cold War ended, democracy spread rapidly, and is now the dominant form of government worldwide.

But Obama also has a theory of why humanity has gotten better. Modern creations like the global economy, a US-led global network of alliances, and international institutions like the UN, in this thinking, all work together to, in the aggregate, reduce suffering and promote freedom.

Obama lays this out in one paragraph, right at the beginning of the interview. It's the golden ticket to understanding everything he says later on:

I think it is realistic for us to want to use diplomacy for setting up a rules-based system wherever we can, understanding that it's not always going to work. If we have arms treaties in place, it doesn't mean that you don't have a stray like North Korea that may try to do its own thing. But you've reduced the number of problems that you have and the security and defense challenges that you face if you can create those norms. And one of the great things about American foreign policy in the post-World War II era was that we did a pretty good job with that. It wasn't perfect, but the UN, the IMF, and a whole host of treaties and rules and norms that were established really helped to stabilize the world in ways that it wouldn't otherwise be.

There are two things to understand how boring-sounding international institutions can help accelerate the forces of history like this. First, institutions provide material things — medicine, financial assistance, economic growth — that make people's lives longer and richer. Second, they deter and co-opt bad actors, and encourage what you might call good international behavior.

The American-led alliance system, for example, deters aggression in Europe and East Asia; Russia's bad behavior in eastern Europe likely would have been a lot worse if NATO didn't exist to deter it, for example, or if the EU didn't exist to organize sanctions. More broadly, the ever-expanding webs of international trade ties and political organizations such as the EU make war costly and cooperation with the global community more desirable. By making wars more costly, institutions help protect the spread of democracy, which in turn further reduces the likelihood of war because democracies tend not to fight each other.

The United States is far from the only player in these international institutions by their very nature, but as the single most powerful and most important member, the US has been crucial to bringing other countries on board, and helping to enforce and maintain that liberal international system.

Of course, you can't credit international institutions alone for the spread of prosperity and democracy: these are huge, complicated historical phenomena with lots of causes. But Obama is quite right to say that the design of the post-World War II international order, and its expansion after the end of the Cold War, have helped protect and encourage the long-term historical trends.

That's fine for the long view, but Obama also has to manage foreign policy now, day-to-day. And, on that view, it can look like he's significantly less active on global human rights. Obama hasn't seriously challenged Chinese authoritarianism or Saudi theocracy. Iran and Russia pose major threats to stability in Europe and the Middle East. And North Korea is still North Korea.

In the Vox interview, Obama's direct response to this line of criticism is pretty weak: the Internet will fix it. ""I am a firm believer that particularly in this modern internet age, the capacity of the old-style authoritarian government to sustain itself and to thrive just is going to continue to weaken,"" he said.

Still, his longer-view, implicit argument is a great deal stronger: the best way to deal with authoritarianism in the long run is to build up the global institutions that have accelerated positive trends worldwide — and to prevent other countries from weakening those institutions and trends.

China is a good example of this. As a rising power that has been at times hostile to Western power, it was widely expected to challenge the US-dominated global order — potentially catastrophically — and in some cases it has. But, since 2008, the country has generally worked within and even endorsed that international system. This was mostly out of self-interest, but the Obama administration has worked to make sure that China's self-interest and that of the international system lined up. The result has been China buying into those positive trends of the status quo, rather than overturning them.

For example, China helped the United States and global economic institutions rescue the global economy after 2008 by refraining from turning to trade protectionism. According to Tufts Fletcher School Professor Dan Drezner, that's evidence that ""China is not proposing a serious challenge to what the liberal international order looks like."" China benefits from a fairly open international trading regime and would suffer if security competition with the United States ramped up.

Roping China into these systems demonstrates Obama's strategy in action. Throughout the interview, he mentions the need to get China on board with helping maintain global institutions: ""you've got to step up and help us underwrite these global rules that in fact help to facilitate your rise,"" he says, addressing China's leaders.

Obama has attempted to integrate other bad actors into the global system to make them less likely to cause trouble. The opening to Cuba is the clearest example, but so too are his overtures to Iran on nukes and the original (if ill-fated) Russia reset. ""We can't guarantee that [Iran makes] a rational decision [on nukes] any more than we can guarantee Russia and Mr. Putin make rational decisions about something like Ukraine,"" he said. ""But we've also got to see whether things like diplomacy, things like economic sanctions, things like international pressure and international norms, will in fact make a difference.""

And while these bad actors are co-opted or contained, by sanctions or international isolation, the rest of the world will continue to improve, bringing more states into the global system and depriving its enemies of potential allies. That'll make it harder for these states to sustain aggressive foreign policies — and even brutal repression at home — in the face of long-run international pressure.

This long-run vision is, in many wells, quite compelling. But it doesn't do a whole lot for protestors in Hong Kong, Saudi women demanding the right to drive, or Ukrainians gunned down by Russian troops in Donbas. What about abuses that are happening now?

That's where Obama's recognition of America's policy limits kick in. Yglesias calls this Obama's Undoctrine: avoid costly and counterproductive mistakes, particularly military ones. In the area of human rights, that means avoiding ostentatious pressure that might backfire.

For instance, Obama avoided openly embracing Iran's green protest movement in 2009, and he's kept support for the Syrian rebels to a relative minimum. That's because, in a lot of these cases, Obama thinks high-profile American statements or actions can backfire.

Instead, Obama argues, we have to take human rights wins where can get them. Not every issue is amenable to American pressure or direct action. ""Our successes will happen in fits and starts, and sometimes there's going to be a breakthrough and sometimes you'll just modestly make things a little better,"" he says.

This may not always be a satisfying approach to spreading human rights — long-views rarely are — but it has the virtue of being a smart one.",1
1817,Jill's dilemma,The president refuses to say he’d hold to the tradition of avoiding public comment or political attacks on the successor.,1
1490,Why California's drought hasn't sent food prices soaring,"California plays an outsized role in American agriculture. The state grows one-third of the country's vegetables and two-thirds of its fruits and nuts. That includes 99 percent of almonds, 95 percent of broccoli, 90 percent of tomatoes, and 74 percent of lettuce.

So you'd think that the California's four-year drought and severe water crisis would have a devastating impact on our produce.

But that hasn't really happened — certainly not yet. Recently, the US Department of Agriculture reported that US supermarket prices rose just 2.9 percent in 2014, and were only expected to increase 2 to 3 percent in 2015. Those numbers are basically in line with average annual increases over the past 20 years.

What's more, the USDA currently projects that overall fruit and vegetable prices will barely budge in 2015 — despite the severe and ongoing drought in California. So what's going on?

Over at the Los Angeles Times, Russ Parsons lists several factors at play here. A key one is that the cost of growing produce only makes up around 10 percent of the retail price you actually see at the supermarket. There's also transportation, packaging, and distribution, plus various mark-ups.

The prices of many foods ""are driven more by market demand than drought""

That means that difficult conditions for farmers won't necessarily send food prices at the grocery store skyrocketing. There could also be countervailing factors at play. For example, oil prices have been falling around the world since last June, which, as the USDA notes, can help cut down on food transportation costs.

In a similar vein, a 2014 study from the University of California, Davis on California's drought pointed out that grocery store prices for nuts, wine grapes, and dairy food ""are driven more by market demand than by the drought."" As such, that study concluded that California's water crisis wouldn't greatly affect consumer prices across the nation.

Parsons also points out that California's farmers aren't all being equally devastated by the drought. Some agricultural regions of the state, particularly on the coast, have been less affected than areas like the Central Valley. What's more, some farmers facing water shortages have also experienced favorable temperatures and growing conditions — strawberry farmers are one example — which has blunted the impact.

Add it all up, and you get a mixed picture. Carrot prices have risen 48 percent in the last year — but strawberry prices have fallen 8 percent. Asparagus has fallen 7 percent. The vast majority of those fruits and vegetables all come from California. There's no single drought story here.

There's also another important angle here. Many of California's farmers have found ways to adapt to water shortages, albeit in ways that could have long-term ramifications.

Groundwater pumping has replaced up to 75% of lost surface water

The one that's gotten a lot of attention is groundwater pumping. The federal government has been cutting back on the amount of water delivered to farmers in the Central Valley, due to lower-than-expected snowfall and runoff from the Sierra Nevada mountains. To compensate, many farmers are pumping the water out of underground aquifers that have accumulated over hundreds of years.

That has helped stave off short-term disaster. The UC Davis study found that, in the Central Valley, groundwater pumping has helped farmers replace about 75 percent of the water they've lost due to cutbacks from reservoirs.

The problem is that those underground aquifers are getting depleted rapidly — and, since they built up over a long period of time, they don't recharge easily. A 2012 study in the Proceedings of the National Academies of Sciences found that the Central Valley's aquifers don't refill completely even during California's ""wet"" periods (because pumping doesn't totally stop). What's more, in a few areas, groundwater pumping causes the ground to sink permanently, which means they can hold less water in the future.

That means farmers are losing a crucial buffer against both this drought — if it persists — and severe droughts to come. Agriculture is thriving for now. But what about the future? (For its part, the state of California has begun regulating groundwater withdrawals, but rules on sustainability will only be slowly phased in between 2020 and 2040.)

Of course, just because supermarket prices are staying steady doesn't mean the drought has been completely painless. As that UC Davis study mentioned above noted, farmers have suffered heavy impacts.

That study, which came out in June 2014, estimated that farmers faced direct costs of about $1.5 billion last year — including $1 billion in revenue losses (about 3 percent of the state's agricultural value) and $500 million in additional groundwater pumping costs. There was also a loss of about 17,100 jobs. The costs were particularly high in the Central Valley.

This year, the costs could be even higher. A recent survey by the California Farm Water Coalition estimates that roughly 41 percent of irrigated farmland will lose delivery of at least some surface water in the spring and summer. All told, some 620,000 acres of farmland will likely go fallow, with potential losses to farmers reaching $3 billion or more.

Could things get so bad that eventually consumers at the grocery store notice? It's tough to say. The USDA keeps warning that, at some point, ""the ongoing drought in California could have large and lasting effects on fruit, vegetable, dairy, and egg prices."" But that hasn't happened yet. For now, it's been a lot more painful for farmers than for food shoppers.

-- A guide to California's water crisis — and why it's so hard to fix",1
1168,Super Tuesday Brings Harsh Light And Heartaches On The Morning After,"Super Tuesday Brings Harsh Light And Heartaches On The Morning After

The results of the biggest voting day in the presidential contest thus far may not have been everything that front-runners Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton had hoped, but they were enough to set the course for the remainder of the nominating season.

And they were surely enough to intensify the pressure on their respective rivals.

For believers in Bernie Sanders' promise of a ""political revolution,"" Super Tuesday may have seemed like the end of a dream.

And for Republican office-holders and party officials anxious about having Donald Trump as their presidential nominee, Super Tuesday must have been a nightmare.

Sanders went down in seven of the 11 states holding Democratic events, winning in only four where the Democratic vote was relatively small. These included his home state of Vermont, where he won with 86 percent amid turnout lower than it had been in 2008.

Worse yet for Sanders' crusade, Clinton dominated in the competition for pledged delegates to the nominating convention. Because her victory margins were so large in several populous Southern states, including 2-1 in Texas, her share of the delegates far exceeded her rival's. She also won in Georgia, Tennessee, Virginia, Alabama, Arkansas and Massachusetts.

Having begun the night with a modest lead in pledged delegates, Clinton wound up with 544 to Sanders' 349. And when you include the so-called superdelegates (who go to the convention by virtue of their elected or party office), Clinton's lead expands to 1,001-371. As big-state contests loom in Michigan, Ohio and Florida over the next two weeks, Clinton needs only to break even in delegate allocations to maintain her formidable advantage.

Small wonder, then, that Clinton once again spoke generously of Sanders in her victory speech, turning her guns instead on a likely upcoming foe.

""I congratulate Sen. Sanders on his strong showing and campaigning,"" she said, before offering this implicit salute to Sanders' populism: ""Because this country belongs to all of us, not just those at the top.""

Soon enough, she was pivoting to her preferred targets across the aisle.

""The stakes in this election have never been higher,"" said Clinton, ""and the rhetoric we're hearing on the other side has never been lower. Trying to divide America between us and them is wrong, and we're not going to let it work.""

Sanders had spoken early in the evening, right after Vermont was called in his column.

""This campaign is not just about electing a president,"" he said, ""it's about transforming America. We are not going to allow billionaires and the superPACs to destroy American democracy.""

By the time the evening was over, Sanders had added wins in Oklahoma, Colorado and Minnesota. But the contests in Colorado and Minnesota were caucuses, with relatively few participants. Taken together, his vote total in the four states he won was about 430,000. Clinton won 530,000 in Georgia alone, and larger totals still in Massachusetts and Texas.

Losing in Massachusetts had to be the hardest blow for the Sanders forces to bear. The state borders Vermont, but Sanders was not able to replicate his smashing win in neighboring New Hampshire from Feb. 9. He did win the counties nearest his own state, and most of the counties outside the Boston metropolitan area. But it wasn't enough. Clinton edged him by fewer than 2 percentage points, taking 45 delegates to Sanders' 43.

But if there was disappointment in the Sanders camp last night, there was panic in the ranks of establishment Republicans at the thought of Trump as their party champion.

After his string of victories on Super Tuesday, his chances of capturing winner-take-all states down the road are all the greater, making his nomination in July no worse than an even bet.

In fact, given his growing lead in delegates, Trump's main obstacle now may be not another candidate but the prospect of an open convention where neither he nor anyone else has the votes for a first-ballot victory.

After Trump scored big February wins in New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada, party officers and congressional leaders began taking him on in public and in private. House Speaker Paul Ryan called him out for his apparent reluctance to denounce former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke. There was talk in the media of Republican candidates detaching themselves from the party's nominee in the fall.

Yet on Super Tuesday there seemed little sign of this same unease within the Republican primary electorate. Trump won seven of the states holding primaries, including Georgia, Tennessee, Virginia, Alabama and Arkansas in the South. At the same time, unlike other Republicans who in the past have run the table in Dixie, Trump wrapped up two more states in New England: Massachusetts and Vermont.

Noting that Republican turnout had been up again, across the board, while Democratic turnout fell shy of 2008, Trump added this:

""I think we're going to be more inclusive ... more unified, and I think we're going to be a much bigger party. [The GOP] has become more dynamic. It's become more diverse. We're taking from the Democrats.""

Trump did yield the biggest prize of the day to rival Sen. Ted Cruz, who won his home state of Texas along with the adjoining state of Oklahoma.

""Thank God for the Lone Star State,"" crooned Cruz as he thanked his supporters in Stafford, Texas. Cruz made much of having beaten Trump in three states, claiming this made him the best alternative to the New York business mogul. (Hours later Cruz increased his total to four states, after the Alaska caucuses went his way.) Cruz also said the other candidates — who would be Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, Ohio Gov. John Kasich and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson — should ""prayerfully consider"" abandoning their own campaigns to unite behind him.

It was immediately apparent that none intended to do so. Rubio, who had hoped to establish himself as the last bright hope of the anti-Trump forces, settled for a first-place finish in Minnesota's caucuses (his first win of the year) and two second-place showings in Georgia and Virginia.

Rubio had high hopes for both of those states. The former borders his home state of Florida, and the latter had high concentrations of suburban Republicans, to whom he had directly appealed. Rubio did come within a few percentage points of Trump in Virginia, but still fell short. He had a strong finish in Minnesota, but the caucus was lightly attended and his vote total was barely over 41,000.

But with his flair for seeing the bright side, Rubio noted that Trump's vote totals on Super Tuesday had not matched Trump's poll numbers ""in state after state."" Rubio saw that as a sign of his own success in challenging the front-runner. Rubio had begun bearding Trump in the Feb. 25 debate and traded insults with him throughout the weekend, repeatedly calling him ""a con artist,"" among other things.

Kasich, for his part, came within a whisker of eclipsing Trump in Vermont and added another, more distant second-place finish in Massachusetts. He made it clear he would be in the race at least through Michigan (March 8) and Ohio, his home state, a week later. Kasich has been widely regarded as campaigning for a vice-presidential offer at this point, although he continues to suggest he could be the unity candidate against Trump.

Carson once again indicated he was ""not going anywhere,"" blaming his single-digit shares of the vote to the system he was fighting, calling it a ""complex web.""

In the end, of course, all this persistence on the part of his rivals may make it easier for Trump to divide and conquer. The more rivals remain, the more the anti-Trump vote is diluted, making it easier for him to prevail with a plurality of the vote, state by state, all the way to the convention.",1
2205,Where do strained U.S.-Israeli relations go after Netanyahu’s victory?,"President Obama told the U.N. General Assembly 18 months ago that he would seek “real breakthroughs on these two issues — Iran’s nuclear program and ­Israeli-Palestinian peace.”

But Benjamin Netanyahu’s triumph in Tuesday’s parliamentary elections keeps in place an Israeli prime minister who has declared his intention to resist Obama on both of these fronts, guaranteeing two more years of difficult diplomacy between leaders who barely conceal their personal distaste for each other.

The Israeli election results also suggest that most voters there support Netanyahu’s tough stance on U.S.-led negotiations to limit Iran’s nuclear program and his vow on Monday that there would be no independent Palestinian state as long as he is prime minister.

“On the way to his election victory, Netanyahu broke a lot of crockery in the relationship,” said Martin Indyk, executive vice president of the Brookings Institution and a former U.S. ambassador to Israel. “It can’t be repaired unless both sides have an interest and desire to do so.”

Aside from Russian President Vladi­mir Putin, few foreign leaders so brazenly stand up to Obama and even fewer among longtime allies.

In the past, Israeli leaders who risked damaging the country’s most important relationship, that with Washington, tended to pay a price. In 1991, when Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir opposed the Madrid peace talks, President George H.W. Bush held back loan guarantees to help absorb immigrants from the former Soviet Union. Shamir gave in, but his government soon collapsed.

But this time, Netanyahu was not hurt by his personal and substantive conflicts with the U.S. president.

“While the United States is loved and beloved in Israel, President Obama is not,” said Robert M. Danin, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. “So the perceived enmity didn’t hurt the way it did with Shamir when he ran afoul of Bush in ’91.”

Where do U.S.-Israeli relations go from here?

In the immediate aftermath of Tuesday’s elections, tensions between the two sides continued to run hot. The Obama administration’s first comments on the Israeli election came with a tough warning about some of the pre-election rhetoric from Netanyahu’s Likud party, which tried to rally right-wing support by saying that Arab Israeli voters were “coming out in droves.”

“The United States and this administration is deeply concerned about rhetoric that seeks to marginalize Arab Israeli citizens,” White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters aboard Air Force One. “It undermines the values and democratic ideals that have been important to our democracy and an important part of what binds the United States and Israel together.”

Earnest added that Netan­yahu’s election-eve disavowal of a two-state solution for Israelis and Palestinians would force the administration to reconsider its approach to peace in the region.

Over the longer term, a number of analysts say that Obama and Netan­yahu will seek to play down the friction between them and point to areas of continuing cooperation on military and economic issues.

“Both sides are going to want to turn down the rhetoric,” Danin said. “But it is also a structural problem. They have six years of accumulated history. That’s going to put limits on how far they can go together.”

The first substantive test could come as early as this month, when the United States hopes that it can finish hammering out the framework of an agreement with Iran.

Netanyahu strongly warned against making a “bad deal” during his March 3 address to a joint meeting of Congress, an appearance arranged by Republican congressional leaders and criticized by the Obama administration for making U.S.-Israeli relations partisan on both sides so close to the Israeli election.

If a deal is reached and does not pass muster with Netanyahu, he is likely to work with congressional Republicans to try to scuttle the accord.

“The Republicans have said they will do what they can to block a deal, and the prime minister has already made clear that he will work with the Republicans against the president,” Indyk said. “That’s where a clash could come, and it’s coming very quickly.”

The second test — talks with Palestinians — could be even more difficult. In his September 2013 address to the United Nations, Obama hailed signs of hope.

“Already, Israeli and Palestinian leaders have demonstrated a willingness to take significant political risks,” Obama said in his speech. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas “has put aside efforts to shortcut the pursuit of peace and come to the negotiating table. Prime Minister Netanyahu has released Palestinian prisoners and reaffirmed his commitment to a Palestinian state.”

Today, the signals could not differ more. The Palestinian Authority has said that after it joins the International Criminal Court at The Hague on April 1, it will press war crimes charges against Israel for the bloody Gaza conflict during the summer. Israel, which controls tax receipts, has pledged to punish the Palestinian Authority by freezing its tax revenue.

The United States, which gives hundreds of millions of dollars of economic aid to the Palestinian Authority, would be caught in the middle. It has been trying to persuade both sides to stand down, but Netanyahu’s declaration that there would be no Palestinian state on his watch makes that more difficult.

“Now it’s hard to see what could persuade the Palestinians” to hold up on their ICC plans, Indyk said. “That has nothing to do with negotiations, but if both sides can’t be persuaded to back down, then they will be on a trajectory that could lead to the collapse of the Palestinian Authority because it can’t pay wages anymore.

“That could be an issue forced onto the agenda about the same time as a potential nuclear deal.”",1
1153,How Donald Trump blindsided the GOP: Inside the uprising the establishment never imagined — and didn’t see coming,"Why has Donald Trump’s appeal come to be so different than that of the Republican Party and its longer-term leaders? The complex answer rests on the paucity of ideas and leadership skills on the part of the rest of the dwindling field of Republican presidential candidates—but it also includes a failure on the part of party leaders and pundits to understand the people they thought they were leading. They have equated past electoral support with philosophical alignment. We are seeing, through Trump, that the connection between the two, always tenuous, is easily severed.

One of the reasons the Republican elite has dealt so ineffectively with Trump is that it has never understood that they don’t control the masses who have voted for them, believing that its “dog whistles” could always bring the straying back into line. The forces that they have ridden to power, however, are much stronger than they imagined—and quite different from what they thought they were so deftly manipulating.

Their lack of understanding of their “base” can be seen in Charles Murray’s 2012 book “Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960-2010.” Clueless to the extent that cultural background influences people and, like so many of today’s elite, believing in an American meritocracy, Murray asserts that the “trends I describe exist independently of ethnic heritage.” This points to a major blind spot of the soon-to-be former leaders of the Republican Party. The irony is that they use ethnic division to attract votes though they have long believed, with Murray (and with contradiction notwithstanding), that the successful in America rise through their individual worth, not their backgrounds. Everyone, the elite believe (at least the Republican elite), wants to join them. They even believe that one’s cultural orientation (ethnic, class and more) has become a personal choice.

So obtuse are they that it is no wonder that “The Rise of Trump”™ blindsided them.

Murray applauds what he describes as a new class structure in America led by “a small subset: the people who run the nation’s economic, political, and cultural institutions.” This imagined pyramid of power unintentionally outlines the difference in theory and practice for the Republican elite—and explains just why they have been paralyzed by the presence of an actor within their ranks who comes from the top but does not share the illusions of the elite. Theirs is, as a result, an example of paralyzing cognitive dissonance.

By claiming that people are successful by their own merits, the Republicans have elided “above the line” consideration of why certain groups of people are not as successful as others … and so, of necessity, have also ignored the fact that not everyone can “make it.” Safe in their imagined meritocracy, they ignore the role luck has played in their climbs to the top, leaving their less fortunate followers searching for someone or something to blame for their own lack of elite status. Teachers are blamed for the failures of their students, immigrants are responsible for unemployment among the native-born, and welfare cheats are keeping taxes high. Someone else is always getting the break, the less fortunate come to believe. Deserved legacies of success are being stolen away.

As most anyone from any cultural background knows, the isolation of the very rich from everyone except others of their economic status and the people who serve them has a very long tradition in America as elsewhere in the world. Walled estates and patrolled neighborhoods have been standard for eons. Yet, as if the situation of today’s meritocracy were something new or different, Murray writes that

Actually, this is a problem both ways. When the truck driver does not also understand the priorities of Yale professors, a dialogue between the two can never be established. Murray has unwittingly bought into one of the reasons for the resentments of “red state” conservatives toward the “East Coast elite,” that the elite need knowledge while the rest do not. This is the problem liberals such as John Dewey were trying to address through creation of a system of education based on the concept of the citizen as informed decision maker and that conservatives such as Walter Lippmann resisted, believing the population best served by an informed elite crafting choices for the population as a whole. That the divide between the professor and the teamster has been in existence since the early years of English colonization of America should be apparent to anyone who has made even the briefest study of the history of American culture. Murray does try to base his vision of the “new lower class” in history, but it is a history that takes as truth the myth of “industriousness, honesty, marriage, and religiosity” as the basic aspects of American culture. This has not really been the case at all. Murray taps into other long-term myths, claiming that early “Americans may not have been genteel, but, as a people, they met the requirements of virtue.” This sort of self-congratulatory vision of history is common to the myths within any culture or ethnic group. Unfortunately, it also can lead to resentments, to feelings that virtues unrewarded are actually cases of rewards stolen by the undeserving. It also can lead to Donald Trump’s “Make America Great Again” and destruction of an elite in the Republican Party that neither understands—nor is understood by—its supporters. By the time of the 2012 Republican National Convention with its catchphrase of “We Built It,” the myth of an American individualism that led to a meritorious elite of “builders” had become the basis for a successful cult that could now explicitly show its political muscle. The “Tea Party,” the major manifestation of this new cult of individualism, however, is much more than a simple political movement. It is a reflection of that cultural belief that “outside” forces have conspired to dampen individual initiative, that if people could only be left alone, they could work miracles for themselves. Its attitudes are those behind the mania for guns that grew so strong over the first decade of the 21st century, stronger than it had ever been in American history. Guns, it is imagined, can keep at bay those who would keep one down. And there is a belief, a cultural conspiracy theory, if you will, that there are such enemies. Trump plays on this more directly than do the Republican leaders he is on the verge of superseding. They, in order to keep up their imaginary view of their own worth, hid their pandering to the worst instincts of Americans. Trump, with no such illusions, does not. Without any sort of real philosophical underpinning, the new individualism reflects the sort of inchoate yearning that crosses political boundaries and that Donald Trump, of course, has tapped into so well. His followers aren’t conservatives, not as the Republican elite define the term (supporting lower taxes for the rich, smaller government, etc.), but are people who believe their legacy has been stolen, that their failure to also make it into the elite is the fault of forces well outside of their own lives. They aren’t even Republicans, except by convenience. This article is adapted from passages in Chapter Six of Aaron Barlow’s book “The Cult of Individualism: A History of an Enduring American Myth” (Praeger, 2013).",1
1095,Inside Marco’s Hollow Campaign,"Three days before Florida’s climactic primary, Marco Rubio sank deep into a black leather armchair on his campaign bus. He had just spent 25 minutes smiling wide for supporters at a high-end boutique selling $150 candles. “Don’t forget to vote on Tuesday!” he shouted from the third step of a wood-paneled staircase. Now, on his parked bus, the afternoon sunlight shut out by drawn blinds, the smile was gone. The candidate knew it was already over.

“There will be a reckoning,” he warned.

“There will be a reckoning in the mainstream media, where all these networks and cable networks are going to have to ask themselves why did they give so much coverage for the sake of ratings,” he said. “There will be a reckoning in the conservative movement, where a lot of people who for a long time have espoused conservative principles seem to not care about those anymore in rallying around Donald Trump because they like his attitude.

“I think there are a lot of people in the conservative movement who are going to spend years and years explaining to people how they fell into this and how they allowed this to happen.”

For now, though, it is Rubio’s reckoning that’s at hand. And not just because of Trump or cable television networks.

Rubio’s strategy was always an inside straight—overly reliant on a candidate’s ability to dominate free national media in order to outperform, outwit and eventually outlast a wide field of rivals. It was sketched out by an inner circle of advisers who believed they could eschew the very fundamentals of presidential campaigning because they had a candidate who transcended.

That's exactly what happened in 2016; it just turned out Rubio wasn’t the one transcending.

Even before his picturesque launch at symbolic Freedom Tower in Miami last spring, Rubio’s aides were hardly the only ones who saw in Rubio an answer to the Republican Party’s prayers: a young, charismatic and Hispanic conservative, the son of a bartender and a maid with remarkably broad appeal across a GOP spectrum riven by ideological and stylistic divisions. He’d been plastered on the cover of Time as “The Republican Savior.” Rubio was the kind of rare talent who could win a primary and then articulate a conservative message that resonated in a fast-changing country in the general.

And he scared the daylights out of the Democrats.

So while other campaigns touted “shock and awe” fundraising networks and precise, psychographic analytics and voter targeting operations, Rubio’s tight-knit group of mostly 40-something bros believed wholeheartedly that they didn’t need a specific early-state win. They didn't need a particular political base. They didn’t need to talk process. They didn't need a ground game. They didn’t need to be the immediate front-runner.

All they needed was Marco.

Their confidence bordered on arrogance. Sure, his closest advisers—campaign manager Terry Sullivan and media strategists Todd Harris and Heath Thompson—were right that their candidate was likable. He began the race as the second choice of many Republican primary voters. They just never figured out how to make voters embrace him as their first.

Trump was drawing away the cameras they had banked on lifting their rising star, sucking up all the media attention as he dominated media cycle after media cycle, setting the parameters of the 2016 debate, day after day. Suddenly, their telegenic candidate couldn’t get on TV.

And when Rubio stumbled, as all candidates do, there was no infrastructure to catch him, no field program to lift his support, no base to fall back upon.

All they had was Marco.

As Jeb Bush was quickly beset by leaks, backbiting and inflated expectations, Rubio’s campaign more closely resembled the Barack Obama model of 2008 from the start. It was a close-knit group, led by Sullivan, Thompson and Harris, with Alex Conant, Rubio’s communications director since 2011, Rich Beeson, the deputy campaign manager, pollster Whit Ayers and a few others in the innermost circle.

They held conference calls three times a week to stay on the same page, and based their headquarters only a few blocks from Capitol Hill to better coordinate with Rubio when the Senate was in session. Sullivan ran a tight ship. In the early months of the campaign, he insisted on personally signing off on every expense above $500. The limit was later relaxed but symbolic of a campaign that knew it had to scrimp to compete with Bush, whose super PAC hauled in $100 million in the first half of 2015.

The campaign spared no expense in setting up events to be television-friendly. There were invariably press risers, tidy backdrops and television lighting to portray Rubio, quite literally, in the best imaginable light.

But one of the things Sullivan seemed least interested in was field offices. The campaign would force volunteers and supporters to pay for their own yard signs, posters and bumper stickers.

Rubio seemed to agree. In August, he was due to open his Iowa state headquarters the morning after flipping pork chops at the state fair, but he bailed at the last minute. The reason: heading back to Florida for his children’s start of school. The grand opening would be delayed for 10 days, and it would occur without Rubio. He wouldn’t announce a state director to run operations in the crucial caucuses for another month.

It was a fitting episode for a campaign that had bragged about how staff could work just as well out of a Starbucks with a laptop. The campaign wouldn’t announce supporters in Iowa’s various regions until January 2016, and only then under intensifying pressure from allies. And when campaign officials announced their “field offices,” they wouldn’t say exactly where they actually were, making it all but impossible for volunteers to volunteer.

It’s not that Rubio’s team didn’t know the data science that powered Obama’s two campaigns or that studies showed that door knocks and personal phone calls are among the most effective means to get out the vote. It’s that they’re expensive and time-consuming. And Rubio’s team thought they had figured out a better way: targeting exactly their voters with pinpoint precision online, on TV and in the mail.

“It’s almost like they wanted to prove they could win without doing some of the stuff people have to do to win,” said one Rubio supporter very familiar with the campaign’s planning. “Were they just fucking lazy or arrogant?”

In fact, they had designed a campaign to fit neatly with Rubio’s own conception of himself as master political communicator.

“Marco is convinced, and perhaps rightly so, that he has the skills to convince anyone,” said Dan Gelber, who served for eight years in the Florida Legislature with Rubio, including two as the Democratic counterpart when Rubio was GOP speaker. “He really believes that if you give him an audience, he can turn them to his way of thinking.”

Donors were unnerved by it, though. So Terry Sullivan outlined the plans to some of Rubio’s supporters at a closed-door strategy session at the Bellagio hotel in Las Vegas in October.

The campaign’s goal, Sullivan explained, was simply to put Rubio “in front of as many voters as possible as often as possible,” according to an attendee. And that meant getting free media coverage and buying paid television ads. So the campaign had locked in ad rates early—paying as little as 10 cents for every dollar spent by Bush’s super PAC. At times, they’d spend far less than Bush’s allies and still out-advertise them.

The team wanted Marco to sell himself on TV, not rely on second-rate surrogates or volunteers. And that meant less focus on door-knocking or volunteer phone-calling.

Donors and early-state supporters who had grown accustomed to presidential-level coddling and attention pushed back. And by December, Optimus, the firm paid nearly $900,000 to run Rubio’s analytics operation, prepared a public memo to quiet the critics. The memo described a hypothetical Midwestern state with 150,000 likely voters (roughly the expected Iowa turnout at the time) and one candidate at 20 percent, trailing another at 30 percent.

It was clear to everyone it was about Rubio and Iowa.

In it, Optimus made the case that running a ground game “missed the elephant in the room” as it nudged support up less than 1 percentage point. “You’ve got a 10 point gap you need to close,” the memo read.

“All this is not to say that door knocking doesn’t work. We know it does,” the memo concluded.

Sullivan put it most succinctly to the New York Times in December: “More people in Iowa see Marco on ‘Fox and Friends’ than see Marco when he is in Iowa.”

The ground-free strategy surprised Democrats and even some of Rubio’s rivals.

“This isn’t even a question in the mind of anyone who’s worked on presidential campaigns,” Dan Pfieffer, a former senior adviser to President Obama, told POLITICO earlier this year. “You have to build an extensive and aggressive ground operation to win.”

Ted Cruz had invested more in ground operations than any other Republican, and his campaign manager, Jeff Roe, told POLITICO he was surprised how few ground troops any of his opponents were mobilizing.

""It’s a huge investment; it’s a huge investment of resources when a lot of people might not know how many resources they have, so I understand why they don’t do it,” Roe said. But there’s an advantage: ""The ground game just never goes away.""

",1
2401,Obamacare Enrollees Anxiously Await Supreme Court Decision That Threatens Their Coverage,"“I’ve got my six-month, regular cancer checkup in June, and so I’m saying I hope they don’t come out with any kind of decision, just in case it’s bad news, until after,” Hines said. “You always get nervous, usually a day before or day of, going for a checkup. But I think I started a little more on the worrying ahead of time.”

Hines, 59, has been relying on health insurance purchased through the Affordable Care Act marketplaces to help cover the costs of those checkups. But she has the misfortune of residing in a state, Virginia, where the federal government is operating that marketplace. Because of that, she could end up losing her tax subsidy to help purchase coverage right at the time her health takes a dive for the worse.

The Supreme Court will issue a ruling this month on a lawsuit engineered by conservative activists alleging that a brief phrase in the law -- “exchange established by the state” -- means subsidies can only be provided to individuals residing in states that set up their own health insurance exchanges. Should the justices side with Obamacare's critics, Hines would be one of an estimated 6.4 million people in 34 states whose subsidies will disappear. Many will be forced to drop their health insurance because of heightened cost.

For someone like Hines, who has had breast cancer three times, most recently in 2009, this presents a Hobson's choice. She considers health care coverage essential and must get screenings twice a year to ensure her cancer doesn't come back. But she has little money to afford insurance on her own. A former public relations professional, she’s devoted her life to caring for her ailing, octogenarian mother, and currently works part-time as an educator at the aquarium near her home in Virginia Beach. Her low income qualifies Hines for a subsidy that cuts the price she pays by about half, to $200 a month.

“I could probably manage another year,” Hines said when asked if she could afford the coverage without the subsidy. She would have to draw down more of her retirement savings to pay for health care. But doesn’t have enough money to hold on to health insurance until she turns 65 and becomes eligible for Medicare, she said.

Hines was one of six people the Huffington Post featured in a report this March on the case surrounding Obamacare's subsidies. At the time, the Supreme Court was hearing oral arguments on the case and the prospect of those subsidies potentially disappearing was becoming less abstract for those in states with federally run exchanges. The clock is ticking even louder now. And so, we decided to catch up with those we interviewed to see how their circumstances, health and mental well-being has changed.

Lucas had an aortic aneurysm in 2010, so he has to keep monitoring his heart condition. Even though his most recent tests came up clean in May, Lucas knows the computed tomography (CT) scan he needs as part of his checkup every two years would cost him $11,000 without insurance, instead of $50 now. He also knows his prescriptions would run to $2,600 every three months rather than $65 with insurance. Lucas, who is self-employed, earns $25,000 to $30,000 a year, he said.

Lucas might be shielded from the ramifications of a ruling against the subsidy if Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf (D) persuades the GOP-majority state legislature to go along with his proposal to set up a state-run exchange. But as Lucas takes stock of the court decision to come, he's struck by what he sees as dramatically misplaced priorities among lawmakers in Washington.

“Billions of dollars in corporate welfare to oil companies and whatnot, you know, and that’s not a problem for them, but I’m a person who gets $2,400 a year in subsidies to help pay for my insurance -- and I pay almost three times that much in taxes, so it’s not like I’m taking them on the negative side,” Lucas said.

Blitz turns 33 on Monday. Since birth, he has dealt with aortic valve stenosis, meaning he has a heart valve that is too narrow. He recently received good news from his cardiologist that he can delay an expensive major operation he thought he’d need this year. But he will have to undergo a less serious procedure at a later date.

All this would be difficult to handle on its own. But it's compounded by the problems Blitz has had in navigating the health care law. He ended up with a plan he doesn't recall picking. He lost his subsidy of $30 a month even though his income level should qualify him for some tax credit. And he assumed that his home state would get rid of all Obamacare exchanges entirely if the court ruled against the subsidies (in fact, state Republicans have passed a bill saying that Arizona won't set up a state exchange. The federal one will remain regardless).

Were he to ultimately lose the subsidy, Blitz would figure out a way to pay for his insurance. He calls himself ""fortunate"" in that regard, compared to those who don't have savings to dip into or expenses to cut or friends to rely on. But Blitz's fortune -- if you want to call it that -- comes at a cost, and it underscores how the damage from a Supreme Court ruling for the plaintiffs extends beyond those who currently receive tax credits.

Without the subsidies, most of the low- and moderate-income people using the health insurance exchanges will exit the exchanges, leaving those with the greatest health care needs -- people like Blitz with medical conditions -- as an increasing share of the market. Because people with greater medical needs generate more medical bills, that would increase expenses for insurance companies, forcing them to increase premiums. Those higher premiums, in turn, would lead more people to drop coverage. In the industry, they call this a “death spiral.”",1
1279,"Trump and Sanders win: We are witnessing a full scale revolt, America","They came close in Iowa, but just fell short of claiming victory. Tuesday night in New Hampshire was a different story.

The political outsiders have taken control of this election.

Donald Trump won Tuesday night’s Republican primary in New Hampshire. By a margin of 34 percent to 16 percent for John Kasich, Trump proved that his slogan of “Make America Great Again” resonates with voters – in a big way.

On the Democratic side, self proclaimed socialist Bernie Sanders edged Hillary Clinton out by 20 percentage points. His message railing against the rigged economy, special interests that control Washington and pledging to give Americans universal healthcare and free college tuition brought together a larger coalition of young voters than the one Barack Obama built in 2008.

To my mind, Tuesday night’s results show that there are finally politicians who understand how marginalized, disenfranchised and betrayed a majority of Americans feel. It’s both Republicans and Democrats, including the 42 percent of Americans who now identify as independent because they think the two parties don’t represent their values and positions.

We are seeing a full scale rejection of the political establishment. This is a threat that we did not take seriously enough over the past few years, as evidenced by the fact that most rejected Trump as a clown and a joke. His ideas on illegal immigration and placing a temporary ban on Muslims ruffled our national feathers even though a majority of Republican primary voters agreed with him. That’s how out of touch our political class has become.

Indeed, 46 percent of GOP voters say they feel betrayed by Republican politicians. Trump won 32 percent of that group.

We did the same thing to Bernie Sanders who began this race upwards of 50 points behind Hillary Clinton. We said a socialist could never win. And he may not be able to win a national election, but we are seeing an electorate so starved for an honest and trustworthy politician that they will make allowances for ideologies that they may not have considered before.

Sanders has argued about oligarchy and money in politics and has been his whole career. He doesn’t flip flop or evolve on his advocacy for the average American.

Sanders is just Bernie Sanders. And Donald Trump is just Donald Trump.

We are living in a time when trust in Americans institutions has collapsed. A recent Pew survey shows that less than 20 percent of Americans trust the government always or most of the time. And a CNN poll showed that 60 percent think the American Dream is unachievable today.

Against this backdrop, it’s no surprise that America is in revolt. Honesty and trustworthiness matters more than whether a candidate has experience or can win in November according to voters. And the establishment isn’t delivering anything resembling what the American populace desires in their political leaders.

I see a clearer path to the nomination for Trump than for Sanders, but there is no doubt that Americans have spoken and they’re done with business as usual.

Douglas E. Schoen has served as a pollster for President Bill Clinton. He has more than 30 years experience as a pollster and political consultant. He is also a Fox News contributor and co-host of ""Fox News Insiders"" Sundays on Fox News Channel at 7 pm ET. He is the author of 12 books. His latest is ""The Nixon Effect: How Richard Nixon’s Presidency Fundamentally Changed American Politics"" (Encounter Books, February 2016). Follow Doug on Twitter @DouglasESchoen.",1
2825,Does Kerry want an Iran deal too much?,The online comment fits closely with his campaign platform.,1
2304,Russia May Deny LGBT Driver's Licenses,"A new decree by the Russian government would refuse driver's licenses to transgender people, as well as other several other groups. The Association of Russian Lawyers for Human Rights reports Decision 1604 made on Jan. 6 adds new classifications to a list of “medical conditions and medication restrictions to driving.” The list includes “all transgender people, bigender, asexuals, transvestites, crossdressers, people who need in a sex reassignment.” These restrictions, in the association’s estimation, could ensnare women with underdeveloped breasts, a man with a thin beard, or anyone interested in BDSM. Amputees and people under 4’11” could also be prevented from driving.",1
1231,"Cruz, Trump and Rubio win in Iowa. And now we know who the losers are, too...","It is always interesting to watch democracy in action and Iowa is ground zero.

Many political pundits and media analysts complain about the attention Iowa receives from candidates and the media because it goes first. But it also is a state filled with people who are willing to pay attention, to go to small events and forums (more than 1,500 have been held) and to show up at a caucus on a cold, often snowy night to participate in a ritual few states duplicate.

Millions of dollars are spent on TV commercials (over 60,000) and organization that Monday night produced a record turnout.

Iowa doesn't always produce the eventual winners but it does eliminate the losers. With 17 Republican candidates starting this process, there are really only three or four real candidates now with voter support and sufficient monies to go on to the remaining contests.

With a record voter turnout in Iowa, the winner, Ted Cruz goes on with his extraordinary organization and conservative supporters with a big upset.

Marco Rubio, the best debater, came on strong and gained real momentum. He came very close to coming in second. Certainly he has to be viewed as a very serious candidate and the best bet to become the establishment candidate.

Trump is Trump and his special appeal to new voters and the angry anti-Washington element will go on, too, but with unpredictable results. He also paid a price for missing the last debate and fighting Fox News.

Ben Carson held his 10 percent base, but his candidacy is short lived and beyond Iowa has minimal support.

The biggest losers are Bush, Christie and Huckabee. Bush spent the most money and dropped like a rock.

Christie's bluster, unlike Trump’s, didn't sell. He has no money and no future in this race.

And Huckabee, who won this race eight years, and thought he could be a serious challenger against Romney in 2012, was a bottom dweller getting less than 2 percent of the vote. He raised no money and has no appeal and barely has enough money left to buy a bus ticket back to Arkansas. He quickly waved the flag of surrender and wisely quit the race.

One more may make the cut after Iowa, but this is the field now and it will be fascinating to watch.

Monday night’s win is a giant victory for Cruz and his team. He won in spite of a greater turnout than in years past and benefited from the dramatic increase in new voters. And now on to New Hampshire!



Edward J. Rollins is a Fox News contributor. He is a former assistant to President Reagan and he managed his reelection campaign. He is a senior presidential fellow at Hofstra University and a member of the Political Consultants Hall of Fame. He is a strategist for Great America PAC, an independant group that is supporting Donald Trump for president.",1
3715,Black faith is under attack: How to make sense of white supremacy’s Charleston crimes,"When I woke up on Thursday morning, the world was different (again). While I slept, nine people were murdered attending Wednesday night Bible study at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina. Rev. Clementa Pinckney, Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, Cynthia Hurd, Tywanza Sanders, Myra Thompson, Ethel Lee Lance, Rev. Daniel L. Simmons, Rev. Depayne Middleton-Doctor, and Susie Jackson lost their lives during a midweek service in which they welcomed a newcomer, Dylann Storm Roof, who would later turn a gun on them, careful to leave a living witness to recount the details of what happened. It does not escape me that it was witnessing — a term used to refer to an act of Christian discipleship where one shares their faith with nonbelievers — that likely resulted in Roof’s invitation to join the weekly gathering, and it was the need for an (eye)witness that led him to intentionally spare the life of one of the victims.

The racist and terrorist act was premeditated and deemed a hate crime, even though some media pundits insisted that it was motivated by antagonism towards Christianity, not black people. I believe it was both. The shooting was not only an assault on black humanity, it was an attack on black faith, which is one of the few things black folk have left in the face of so much loss, despair and ongoing oppression. For generations, black folk have turned to their religious faith and to the church for comfort during times of social injustice (as evidenced in the rich and storied history of Emanuel Church).

Now, one of the few safe spaces that black folk can seek out for refuge has been turned into a crime scene.

Roof’s targeting of a place of worship is an attempt to compromise the safety and sanctity of the black church. Before Wednesday night, the black church seemed to be one of the few places left where black folk could assemble in public and feel seen, recognized, heard, loved and welcome. (We know from the not-so-distant past that those spaces are not the private communities in which we live, not store parking lots, not Walmart stores, not public parks, not street corners, not swimming pools, not even our homes.)

And, truth be told, while traditional black churches are safe spaces from white supremacy, they have long been unsafe spaces for folk who are gender non-conforming, same-gender loving, or women. It is important, as we hold up the black church as a whole after this tragedy, that we also hold it up to scrutiny, so that as we do the work of making church spaces safe again, we make sure that they are safe for all of us, all of the time.

I believe this moment is an opportunity for the black church to re-establish itself through the proven resiliency of black faith, and become a safe and welcome space for all believers. This is a moment to understand that in order to fight and resist white supremacy we must also dismantle and fight its co-conspirators: homophobia, transphobia, and sexism. Many times churchfolk and skinfolk are afraid of the wrong things. It is white supremacy, not nonheterosexuality, that threatens the lives and legacies of black folk in this country. It is white supremacy, not premarital sex or babies born out of wedlock, that jeopardizes our survival. It was white supremacy, not insanity, that caused Dylann Roof to walk into a black church intending to walk out with blood on his hands. We need healing that is corporate, collective, consistent and accountable.

The victims of the shooting should not have to be martyrs, hashtags, or statistics to show, once again, that our country continues to fail at holding white supremacy accountable for the death it perpetuates. This is a moment of love but also of accountability. We can hold well-meaning white allies accountable for being speechless while we are being senselessly murdered, and being sensitive and offended when we express our outrage. We can hold our policymakers accountable, insisting that the Confederate flag, a symbol of anti-black hate, be removed from government spaces (to make them safe for people of color). We can hold our churches and places of worship accountable, requiring inclusivity over conservatism, and demonstrating agape love out in the open.  We can hold ourselves and our loved ones accountable, in all the ways we need and all the ways we know, because, as Audre Lorde taught us, our silence will not protect us. We are living in a moment where being black is equally commodified and criminalized, where black people are fighting for dignity, security, humanity and the very right to blackness. This moment is a reminder that in a so-called post racially progressive world, being black remains simultaneously the most marketable, profitable, co-optable and dangerous identity marker one can hold. To be black is to be vulnerable no matter where you are and no matter where you go. To be black is to carry a marker on your skin that racists will use to identify you and in some cases kill you. Despite claims of colorblindness, or so-called transracialism, the black victims in church on Wednesday night could not claim whiteness to save themselves. It was, in fact, the pervasive lie of whiteness that cost them their life. If ever there was a place where black folk believe themselves to be free, it is within the walls of the church. There we dance, cry, pray, praise, shout, sing and testify. The doors are always open. Despite the personal challenges I have with the church, it has remained a beacon of hope, a place of healing and possibility, a refuge in times of trouble, and a safe space for lost souls and people in need, regardless of race. As a non-church-attending black woman who identifies as a Christian, I refuse to relinquish my faith to this tragedy. I refuse to allow Roof’s hate to be the end of the story. I refuse to concede that we cannot, as a people, carve out spaces for each other and make room for one another (including difference) within and without the four walls of the church. This is for white girls who pretend to be black girls when white supremacy isn’t enough. This is for black Christians who believe respectability will save our lives in the face of perpetual anti-black hetero-patriachal white supremacy, when evidence to the contrary is consistently given. This is for those of us seeking hope and holding on to faith but lacking patience. This is not enough, but it is a beginning.",1
2835,Bashar al-Assad is losing ground in Syria,"For most of the past two years, it looked like Bashar al-Assad's campaign to hold on in Syria was working. Syria's weak, uncoordinated, and increasingly Islamist rebels were being gradually pushed back. And while ISIS had seized vast parts of the country, it and Assad appeared to tolerate one another in a sort of tacit non-aggression pact designed to crush the Syrian rebels. It seemed that Syria, and the world, would be stuck with Assad's murderous dictatorship for the foreseeable future.

But in the past few weeks, things appear to have changed — potentially dramatically. The rebels have won a string of significant victories in the country's north. Assad's troop reserves are wearing thin, and it's becoming harder for him to replace his losses.

A rebel victory, to be clear, is far from imminent or even likely. At this point, it's too early to say for sure what this means for the course of the Syrian war. But the rebels have found a new momentum against Assad just as his military strength could be weakening, which could be a significant change in the trajectory of a war that has been ongoing for years.

Bashar al-Assad's forces are losing ground against the rebels, for example in northern Idlib province, where two recent rebel victories show how strong the rebels have gotten. First, in late March, Assad's forces were pushed out of Idlib City, the region's capital. Second, in late April, rebels took Jisr al-Shughour, a strategically valuable town that lies on the Assad regime's supply line in the area and near its important coastal holdings.

""Jisr al-Shughour is a good example of how the regime is, indeed, losing ground,"" Noah Bonsey, a senior analyst at the International Crisis Group, told me. ""Most observers were surprised at how quickly it fell, given that it is a town of some strategic importance.""

While rebels' most dramatic victories are in Idlib, they're advancing elsewhere as well. They've seized towns in the south and have repelled Assad offensives around the country.

""Losses in Idlib and the southern governorate of Deraa have placed great pressure on Assad,"" Charles Lister, a fellow at the Brookings Doha Center, writes. ""Frustration, disaffection and even incidences of protest are rising across Assad’s most ardent areas of support on Syria’s coast — some of which are now under direct attack.""

Bonsey concurs. ""Rebels have seized momentum in recent weeks and months,"" he says. ""The regime is clearly weakening to an extent that was not widely reflected in the English-language narrative surrounding the conflict.""

Recent regime defeats reflect growing unity among the rebels as well as fundamental weaknesses on the regime's side.

The Idlib advance, in particular, was led by Jaish al-Fatah, a new rebel coalition led by several different Islamist groups. While the coalition includes Jabhat al-Nusra, al-Qaeda's Syrian franchise, the jihadis don't appear to dominate the group.

""The operations also displayed a far improved level of coordination between rival factions,"" Lister writes, ""spanning from U.S.-backed Free Syrian Army (FSA) brigades, to moderate and conservative Syrian Islamists, to al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra and several independent jihadist factions.""

Rebel coordination is nothing new in Syria. But this coalition stands out for its size and breadth.

""The number of fighters mobilized for the initial Idlib city campaign has been significant, and that's been just as true in subsequent operations in the north,"" Bonsey says. ""The level of coordination we've seen over several weeks, on multiple fronts, is something that we have rarely, if ever, seen from rebels in the north.""

And as the rebels have gotten more united, the regime has gotten weaker. The basic problem is attrition: Assad is losing a lot of soldiers in this war, and his regime — a sectarian Shia government in an overwhelmingly Sunni country — can't train replacements quickly enough.

Bonsey calls this an ""unsolvable manpower problem."" As a result, he says, Assad is becoming increasingly dependent on his foreign allies — Iran and Lebanese Hezbollah specifically — to lead the ground campaign.

But Iran has shown limited willingness to commit heavily to areas like Idlib, and rather is concentrating principally on defending the regime's core holdings around Damascus and the coast. According to Bonsey, ""it's a matter of priorities,"" which is to say that their resources aren't unlimited, and they've (so far) preferred to concentrate them in the most critical areas.

Iran's involvement in conflicts in Iraq and Yemen on top of Syria has left it ""really overstretched,"" according to Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, a senior fellow at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies. The cumulative resource investment has ""certainly had an impact on Assad losing territory in Syria,"" he concludes.

""For the regime, the status quo militarily is not sustainable,"" Bonsey says, and ""Iran's strategy in Syria does not appear sustainable. The costs to Iran of propping up Assad's rule in Syria are only going to rise with time, substantially. And what's happened with Idlib in recent weeks is only the latest indication of that.""

Bonsey, like most Syria experts, does not believe Assad is on the road to inevitable defeat.

""While much of the subsequent commentary [to the Idlib offensive] proclaimed this as the beginning of the end for President Bashar al-Assad’s regime, we are still a long way from that,"" Lister writes.

For one thing, Iran sees the survival of the Assad regime as a critical strategic priority, as it allows Iran to supply Hezbollah and maintain a close ally in the Levant. Any post-Assad government is likely to be Sunni-dominated,and quite hostile to Iran. Tehran is probably willing to go to some lengths to keep that from happening, and Iranian intervention in the war has been a significant force.

""In strict military terms, there isn't yet a direct threat on the strategically essential territory that the regime and its backers continue to control,"" Bonsey says, ""and there isn't yet a reason to think the rebels are capable of threatening"" such a region.

Since Assad can't crush the rebels in their strongholds, then, the conflict is looking a lot like a stalemate — which it already was before this rebel offensive began.

Moreover, the unity of this new rebel coalition could collapse. The broad alliance we've seen in Idlib is held together by victory: the more they push back Assad, the more willing they are to cooperate. But if Assad's forces start beating them, the ideological and political fault lines in the coalition could cause rebel groups to turn on one another. It's happened — many times — before.

The ""big question now,"" according to Bonsey, is ""how the regime and its backers choose to respond to these defeats."" A major decider, in other words, is Iran. But as long as they see protecting the Assad regime as vital, they are likely to do what it takes to keep his core territory intact.",1
3933,Q&A: key questions about EgyptAir flight MS804,"The aircraft carrying 66 people was about 175 miles from the Egyptian coast when it disappeared, travelling at an altitude of 11,000 metres (37,000ft).



The plane had left Paris at 11.09pm on Wednesday (21.09 GMT/07.09am Thursday AEST) and disappeared at 2.30am Paris time, about 45 minutes before it was scheduled to land, and only 40 seconds after it left Greek airspace and entered Egyptian space over the Mediterranean.

The Greek defence minister, Panos Kammenos, said on Thursday that after entering Egyptian airspace the plane fell 6,706 metres (22,000ft) and swerved sharply before it disappeared from radar screens.

On Friday he said debris from the plane, including a “body part”, two seats and suitcases, had been found by Egyptian vessels in the Mediterranean sea. Egypt’s military said it had found personal belongings and parts of the wreckage 180 miles north of the coastal city of Alexandria.

The plane was carrying 56 passengers and 10 crew: two cockpit crew, five cabin crew and three security personnel. The airline said two babies and one child were on board.

The nationalities of the passengers were as follows: 30 Egyptians, 15 French citizens, two Iraqis and one person each from Britain, Belgium, Sudan, Chad, Canada, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Portugal and Algeria.

An Airbus A320, which is considered a safe and reliable plane. Nonetheless, the model has been involved in safety incidents in the recent past, including the Germanwings tragedy in March 2015 that claimed 150 lives. It was also the aircraft Chesley Sullenberger landed on the Hudson river in 2009.

EgyptAir said the captain had 6,275 flying hours, including 2,101 on the A320; the co-pilot had 2,766 flying hours. The plane was manufactured in 2003.

Airbus said it was aware of the report about the plane but otherwise made no comment.

Egypt’s aviation minister, Sherif Fathy, has said the Airbus A320’s sudden disappearance was more likely caused by a terrorist attack than technical failure. But the French foreign minister, Jean-Marc Ayrault, said on Friday that there was “absolutely no indication” of why the flight came down.

The aircraft passed through airports in Tunisia and Eritrea in the four journeys it made on Wednesday before the Paris-Cairo flight, but no warning flags were raised. EgyptAir’s vice-chairman, Ahmed Abdel, said there were “no reported snags” from the crew in Cairo or Paris, nor was there any special cargo or notification of dangerous goods on board.



The area of the Mediterranean where the plane went down is heavily trafficked and much monitored, within reach of British listening posts in Cyprus, close to Israel and near to the US Sixth Fleet.

An Egyptian army spokesman says searches are continuing in the area where the debris was found. The location is the centre of a major international air and sea operation to find the aircraft’s two black box flight recorders, which might hold the key to what happened.

The water in that section of the Mediterranean can be 2,000 metres (6,500ft) deep. The equipment involved in the search for MH370 is able to search depths of at least 6,000 metres.



If the EgyptAir A320 is the same as the Germanwings model that crashed last year, it will have two recording components: a cockpit voice recorder, which tapes what the pilots say, and a flight data recorder, which stores some of the 2,500 technical measurements in a modern aircraft.

Both are stored at the back of the aircraft and wrapped in titanium or stainless steel, to best survive a crash. They are able to withstand one hour of 1,100C heat and weight of up to 227kg. The boxes can take years to be found – two years in the case of Air France flight 447, which disappeared in 2009 in the Atlantic.

Greece’s lead air accident investigator, Athanasios Binis, said: “The most important thing is that the plane’s two black boxes are found. If the cockpit flight recorder and flight data recorder are found, along with wreckage, then a real investigation can begin.

“There are three reasons for a plane [to go down]. Meteorological, technical and human. The first has now been ruled out because the weather was quite good. Whether a technical factor or human factor, either inside or outside the plane, is to blame remains to be seen. All possibilities are open.”

François Hollande, the French president, said: “We have a duty to know everything about the cause and what has happened. No theory is ruled out and none is certain right now.



“When we have the truth we will draw our conclusions; whether this was an accident or something else, perhaps terrorist. We will have the truth.”

Panos Kammenos, the Greek defence minister, said: “The plane carried out a 90-degree turn to the left and a 360-degree turn to the right, falling from 37,000 to 15,000ft and the signal was lost at around 10,000ft.”



The Egyptian prime minister, Sherif Ismail, said it was too early to rule out any explanation for the incident, including terrorism: “We cannot exclude anything at this time or confirm anything. All the search operations must be concluded so we can know the cause.”



Serafeim Petrou, the head of Greece’s air traffic controllers board, said: “The plane did not give any vocal or electronic signal before it disappeared,” adding that “nothing can be excluded” on causes: “An explosion could be a possibility but, then, so could damage to the fuselage. I think at this point we are talking about wreckage, wreckage at the bottom of the sea and tracing the cause is going to take time.”

Jean-Paul Troadec, the ex-president of the French air accident investigation bureau, said “we have to remain very careful” about possible causes. “We can make certain hypotheses … there’s a strong possibility of an explosion on board from a bomb or a suicide bomber. The idea of a technical accident, when weather conditions were good, seems also possible but not that likely. We could also consider a missile … If the crew didn’t send an alert signal, it’s because what happened was very sudden. A problem with an engine or a technical fault would not produce an immediate accident. In this case, the crew did not react, which makes us think of a bomb.”

The director of Greece’s Civil Aviation Authority, Konstantinos Lintzerakos, said air traffic controllers were in contact with the pilot as the plane passed through Greek airspace, and that he did not report any problems. Controllers tried to make contact again with the pilot 10 miles before the flight exited the Greek flight information range, Lintzerakos added, but the pilot did not respond.",1
4144,"To grow the economy, grow small businesses: Bloomberg & Buffett","Meeting small business capital, technology and labor needs and relieving their regulatory burden could drive new boom.

The economy has experienced 75 straight months — more than six years — of private sector job growth. Yet some areas still have not recovered all the jobs lost during the recession, and nationally, under-employment exceeds pre-recession levels. How can we increase the speed of job creation?

A critical part of the answer lies with America’s small businesses, which create over 60% of net new private-sector jobs and employ nearly half of America’s workforce. Helping them expand — to get their ideas off the ground — is one of the best ways to support economic growth and needs the continued focus of both elected officials and the private sector.

Political debates on economic growth tend to focus on taxes. But taxes are just one big issue facing small businesses. A report released by Babson College — “The State of Small Business in America”  — underscores that fact. It provides a window into small businesses’ most pressing needs, and it can serve as a blueprint for addressing them.

As we’ve seen through Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses, entrepreneurs across the country are facing barriers to growth. Based on a survey of over 1,800 small businesses, the report pinpoints four major challenges that cut across industries: the need for better access to capital, less burdensome regulations, more qualified workers and ability to better assimilate information technology. Let’s consider each.

Capital. Securing financing remains a major barrier to growth. The net result is that, across all sources, while the median funding request is $100,000, businesses typically secure just $40,500. Small business owners overwhelmingly rely on banks for funding, but banks face more stringent regulatory requirements that have restricted lending and made loans harder to obtain. Closing the gap between what businesses seek and receive would lead to more hiring, investment, and growth. It would also reduce the common practice of credit card borrowing, where high interest rates can lead to financial difficulties. Business owners suggest a reconsideration of terms, loan size and paperwork, and more than one in four call for increased transparency in the borrowing process. Policy discussions around credit access must recognize the need to balance the needs for both regulatory protection and economic growth.

Regulation. Nearly 60% of respondents have difficulty understanding and managing government regulations and laws. Companies spend about 200 hours annually on compliance. Governments should lessen this burden without compromising consumer and environmental protections. Streamlining agencies’ approval processes, for instance, can help small businesses open their doors sooner and expand more rapidly. In addition, simplifying the tax code would be a boon to small businesses, allowing them to spend less time and money on compliance.

Skills. Overwhelmingly, a major hiring challenge was finding employees with the right skillsets — a challenge even greater than salary requirements and competition for candidates. Small businesses are increasingly looking for tech-savvy workers who also have the required licenses and certifications. The Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey identifies 5.8 million openings — the second-highest level on record — reflecting a mismatch between company needs and applicants’ skills.

More collaboration between state and local workforce development programs and the private sector can help address this skills gap, and community colleges have an important role to play, too. Programs and curriculum need to align with job needs in growing industries to ensure that graduates leave with the skills necessary to get hired. Some governments have begun subsidizing internships, recognizing there is no substitute for on-the-job training. Cooperative programs among small businesses in each industry can also share in the costs of professional development.

Technology. Small businesses recognize technology as essential to productivity and success. But accessing modern technology is perceived as costly and requires skills that many businesses lack. Better technology is also urgently needed to protect against the increasing threat of cybercrime, which 40% of respondents are not prepared to handle. In fact, one in five have been victims of cybercrimes, part of a disturbing global trend in which businesses are becoming hackers' preferred target. Given advances in the affordability of technology, technological literacy can be improved through increased access to resources, enhanced training and clearer government cyber-security standards.

Small businesses face other challenges, but progress in these four areas would provide a significant boost to local hiring — and to national economic growth. More than six years into a sluggish recovery, we must do more to help small businesses drive a new generation of growth — and put the next generation of Americans to work.

Lloyd Blankfein is chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs. Michael Bloomberg, a former New York City mayor, is founder of Bloomberg LP and Bloomberg Philanthropies. Warren Buffett is chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway. Michael E. Porter is a professor at Harvard Business School.

In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors. To read more columns, go to the Opinion front page, follow us on Twitter @USATOpinion and sign up for our dailyOpinion newsletter.",1
4038,Turkey expands anti-Islamic State campaign,"Turkey and the United States have agreed on a military plan to push Islamic State militants from a strip of territory along the Turkish-Syrian border in what represents a major expansion of Turkey’s role in the conflict, according to a senior U.S. official.

The agreement capitalizes on successes that Kurdish forces have had in pushing Islamic State fighters out of the region but stops short of creating a formal no-fly zone that the Turks have long requested, said the official, who did not want to be named because he is not authorized to discuss the agreement publicly.

The move follows Turkey's  announcement last week that it will allow U.S. aircraft striking Islamic State targets in Syria to use the Incirlik Air Base in southern Turkey, something the U.S. has long sought because the base is close to the militants' movements. Turkey said its aircraft would join the air campaign against the Islamic State in Syria.

Turkey, a member of NATO, also called for ""consultations"" with the alliance after militant attacks on border posts in Turkey. NATO said it will hold the talks Tuesday.

Turkey's moves come as a boost to the U.S.-led coalition fighting the Islamic State. The country had been reluctant to participate in the coalition because of the risk of direct clashes with forces of Syrian President Bashar Assad, whose ouster is a top Turkish priority.

The United States views extermination of the Islamic State as the focus of the coalition air campaign in Syria, and has avoided conflicts with Assad’s forces, who are fighting the Islamic State among many rebel groups.

Ege Seckin, an analyst at IHS Country Risk, said the U.S. is reluctant to establish a no-fly zone along the Turkish-Syrian border because it would require an extensive military effort to counter Syrian air defenses and risks bringing the U.S. into direct conflict with the Assad regime.

In a speech on Sunday, Assad expressed confidence that his government would prevail over rebel forces, but acknowledged his military faced manpower shortages and had lost terrain to rebels during a civil war that is now in its fifth year.

Turkey's newly active role also complicates its relationship with the Kurds, who have fought for an independent state inside Turkey's borders for years. Kurds in Syria are among the most effective ground fighters against Islamic State militants, and an expansion of Turkey’s role in Syria could pose a threat to those Kurdish forces.

Over the weekend Turkish aircraft struck a Kurdish camp in northern Iraq that Turkey considers home to a Kurdish terrorist group. The attack could end a long truce between the government and those Kurdish forces.

Turkey's fear is that Kurds in Turkey, Syria and Iraq may unite to press anew for an independent state.",1
4608,How the swing voter went extinct,"This is a story about the swing voter. The voter who, days before the election, doesn’t know if she wants to vote for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton — or, hell, maybe Jill Stein or Gary Johnson.

You're going to hear a lot about these mythical middle-ground people in the runup to the election. You can just search ""swing voter"" to see how common this narrative is:

This is because many pundits think swing voters decide elections. They think swing voters — or ""floating voters"" — are large in number and just sitting in the middle, waiting to be convinced by one party or the other to vote for them. So this is the picture in their heads:

But increasingly, this picture is wrong. As the parties polarize, it’s becoming much easier to for Americans to choose sides, even if they don’t identify as Republican or Democrat. So when they go to vote, they act like partisans.

Back when there were more voters who might change their minds, campaigns were based on persuasion, and persuasion pulls you toward the middle. But when everyone’s mind is already made up, that means the way to win an election is to rile up people on your own team.

A few years ago, Smidt, who works at Michigan State University, was trying to reconcile two things.

One was that there were more and more people identifying as independents, rather than Democrats or Republicans.

That should've meant that there were a huge number of people who were willing to change their minds, since they weren't partisan.

But Smidt also noticed that over this time period, the presidential election maps didn't change much. It was “much more rigid.""

One way to reconcile these two things was to believe that independents were no longer participating, which means there were fewer nonpartisan voters.

But Smidt had another question: Are these self-labeled nonpartisans actually willing to vote for Republicans one election and Democrats in another?

So he decided to study historical surveys that asks Americans about how they voted. He came up with four groups for the respondents:

He did this for every year going back 50 years.

What he found was simple, though shocking: Even though more and more people don’t align with a party, they still consistently behave like reliable partisans and repeatedly vote for the same party.

In other words, swing voters are dying.

Most voters look at where the parties stand on the issues, and then they pick one that best reflects their own views. But if you don’t pay enough attention to tell the parties apart, then you won’t know which party you agree with. That makes you more likely to swing between parties.

So if we redraw the picture at the top, it would look like this. Notice how similar the two sides look to her:

And it used to be common for people with less political knowledge to switch the party they supported from election to election — whether or not they voted.

But over time, this party switching has become far less common:

This is because now even low-information voters can tell the two parties apart:

In 1960, both partisans and nonpartisans were much less likely to say there was a big difference between Republicans and Democrats.

Now almost all strong partisans would say yes — and even half of nonpartisans would say yes.

In short, voters are more confident that they know exactly what they’re voting for when they look at the “D” or the “R” next to a candidate’s name — no matter how partisan they are.

And it's not just about partisanship.

A modern-day person with low political awareness can tell the parties apart just as well as someone who had high awareness in 1968:

It's not that the people have changed. Rather, it's the parties.

Let's go back to the drawing at the top of the story. Here's where we were in the 1950s, where a low-information voter would look at the parties and not be able to tell the difference.

But over the past 50 years, the two parties have evolved very distinct platforms.

In the 1968 election, neither Republican Richard Nixon nor Democrat Hubert Humphrey articulated clear views on what he would in Vietnam. ""This ambivalence and deliberate obfuscating can create opportunity to win voters over,"" Smidt said.

Before Ronald Reagan, the Republican Party didn't have an anti-abortion position.

At the 1996 State of the Union, Bill Clinton said, ""The era of big government is over.""

It was a lot harder to pin down each party to specific issues, especially for those who weren't paying close attention. But now the party lines are clear on abortion, taxes, climate change, health care, same-sex marriage — the list goes on. That's why when we look at how much Republicans and Democrats agree in the House and Senate, we see more and more polarization:

You could argue that voters clearly knowing which side they’re on is a good thing. But in the 1954 study ""Voting: A Study of Opinion Formation in a Presidential Campaign,"" political scientists argued that what we need from an electorate is diversity — in other words, we can't just have rigid voters with ideal views, but also detached voters with rational views. Those are the people who allow our political system to more efficiently get things done.

As Smidt writes, ""Even the 'least admirable' voters enrich our democratic political system by providing it with the flexibility and indifference that it needs.""

If more and more voters are either on your side or the opponent’s side, that means winning elections is simple: You have to get your people more excited, and get the other side less excited.

This means that candidates have little incentive to talk to people in the middle — people who don't make consistent partisan decisions in the voting booth.

Just think about the 2016 election in this framework: Voters in Utah, who are traditionally Republican, don't like Donald Trump. But because the party positions are so polarized, it's too far a jump for them to support a Democrat like Hillary Clinton. So as Smidt points out, many would rather jump to a third party candidate.

Trump was supposed to be the most nontraditional candidate in modern American politics — someone who was shaking up the electorate. But on November 8, when you look at the election map, it'll probably look a lot like past election maps. Maybe a few states will switch over, but most of America will likely have voted the same way.

The president-elect will have won on the backs of riled up partisans, and people would be swing voters — except they’re not because they picked a side long ago.

Clarification: I initially called Smidt’s research an experiment, but it’s more so a study of historical data, which I’ve clarified in the piece.",1
3501,How come the US keeps killing ISIS No. 2s?,"On Friday morning, a US airstrike killed Abu Alaa al-Afri, a senior leader in ISIS, whom the US says it considers the organization's second-ranked leader.

This isn't the first time al-Afri has been reported dead — though the US government has allegedly verified his death.

But if (as seems likely) al-Afri is dead, this will be yet another instance in which ISIS's No. 2 official has been killed. In August of last year, for example, a US airstrike killed Fadhil Ahmad al-Hayali, then identified as the group's No. 2.

This continues a trend that news consumers may recognize from counterterrorism efforts against al-Qaeda, in which the group seemed to lose one third-in-command (after Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri) after another.

As some Twitter wags noted, this all harks back to a 2006 Onion article, ""Eighty Percent Of Al-Qaeda No. 2s Now Dead.""

But what's actually going on here? Why is the US killing so many ISIS deputies while somehow failing to hit leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi? And does it even matter when you kill top-level ISIS officials?

Analysts have developed a few theories as to why the US keeps hitting second-in-commands but not the leader. One of the most plausible is that Baghdadi is a much harder target, whereas the nature of the No. 2 job involves exposing oneself to greater risk of being targeted.

As a leader, Baghdadi serves as ISIS's chief executive and ideological head. He doesn't have to move around all that much or actually go out in the field; his job mostly involves issuing orders and, on occasion, making propaganda tapes.

That means he can sit wherever he's hiding out, avoiding the kind of contact with the outside world that makes it easier for US intelligence agencies to find you.

However, not every ISIS leader has the luxury of doing that. Baghdadi's top subordinates, the ones he gives orders to, have to go out in the field and run ISIS operations. If you command a major combat theater in Iraq, for example, you actually have to be in that part of Iraq. If you run ISIS finances, you need to make sure the extortion and oil operations are running smoothly.

When you're out actually doing the work — managing ISIS outposts, talking to people lower down on the food chain — you can't hide away like Baghdadi does. That makes it easier for US electronic, satellite, or human intelligence assets to find you — and serve up targeting data for an airstrike.

This difference in responsibilities probably explains why the US, despite targeting Baghdadi multiple times, hasn't managed to kill him — and yet has successfully taken out many of his deputies.

""That would be my guess,"" Will McCants, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, told me.

While the US government is understandably trumpeting its alleged strike on al-Afri, there's reason to suspect that killing the group's No. 2 isn't actually all that consequential.

Groups such as ISIS and al-Qaeda are bureaucratic by design, so they are often able to deal with drone-struck senior officers by rapidly promoting new people to replace them.

This theory got some quantitative support in a 2014 study by the University of Georgia's Jenna Jordan, who found that so-called ""decapitation"" strikes — in which the US killed a senior leader of a terrorist group — had little effect on reducing violence from that group.

In the paper, Jordan argues that this is because al-Qaeda is a bureaucratic organization: It has something like a formal command structure, division of labor, clear assignment of responsibilities, and the like. This allows lower-level leaders to take over after one is killed.

And this would likely apply to ISIS as well.

""Each individual decapitation doesn't cripple the organization,"" Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, a senior fellow at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, told me.

So al-Afri's killing probably will not, in itself, be that consequential for ISIS's future.

That said, Gartenstein-Ross pointed out that al-Afri had ""strong connections within the al-Qaeda network."" ISIS and al-Qaeda are at war in Syria, which distracts and thus weakens both of them, and there is little reason to believe that this is changing.

But Gartenstein-Ross points out that the possibility of rapprochement, while already quite low, may have just gotten a little lower with al-Afri's killing.

""Given his connections, [there was] a danger that he could be involved in rapprochement between al-Qaeda and the Islamic State,"" he said.

However, the ideological and personal gaps between the two groups will likely remain too wide to bridge anytime in the near future. That would have been true even if al-Afri had lived. So his death is probably not a substantial change for ISIS's prospects.",1
4544,Loretta Lynch becomes first African-American woman AG.,"Washington (CNN) Loretta Lynch was sworn in as the new U.S. attorney general on Monday, replacing Eric Holder. Lynch, the country's first African-American woman to serve in the role, had her nomination held up more than five months over politicking in the Senate.

""Ladies and gentlemen, it's about time,"" said Vice President Joe Biden at the swearing in ceremony.

The highly politicized five-month battle to choose Obama's next attorney general came to a close Thursday when the Senate finally voted 56-43 to confirm Lynch

But the delay of her nomination neared record-breaking proportions. Republicans leading the Senate refused to bring her nomination up for a vote until Democrats cut a deal on abortion language in an unrelated bill. That legislation passed Wednesday, setting up Thursday's vote and ending the latest partisan Washington standoff.

Ten Republicans, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, joined Democrats. Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz was the only senator not to vote.

Obama tapped Lynch to replace Attorney General Eric Holder in November and her nomination cleared the Senate Judiciary Committee in February. Still, she waited longer than the seven most recent U.S. attorneys general combined for a vote on the Senate floor, after Majority Leader Mitch McConnell insisted on first finishing work on an unrelated bill.

Loretta Lynch's father, Lorenzo A. Lynch, was in the Senate gallery watching when the historic vote took place confirming her daughter as the first African American female attorney general.

""The good guys won. That's what has happened in this country all along,"" Lorenzo Lynch told reporters. ""Even during slavery. Levi Coffin was a founder of the Underground Railroad. Even during slavery. A white man fought against slavery. So all over this land good folks have stood in the right lane, in the right path.""

A two-time U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Lynch takes on the high-profile job at time when America faces a series of challenges, from dealing with strained relations and deep distrust in some cities between the police and the communities they serve, to criminal justice reform, to confronting the ongoing threat of terrorism.

Lynch, 55, has earned a reputation as a highly qualified, but low-profile prosecutor who has a good relationship with law enforcement and a history of handling tough cases well.

She is a good listener and a skilled consensus builder, qualities that will help her succeed at Justice, said Tim Heaphy, a former U.S. attorney for the Western District of Virginia who served under Lynch on the Attorney General's Advisory Committee, a group that meets regularly to advise the Justice department on policy matters.

""In that [attorney general] job you are at the center of so many of the emerging, significant, pressing issues not only in this country but around the world. There's probably no job in government as diverse and challenging as being attorney general of the United States,"" Heaphy said. He added that building support for initiatives both within and outside the department is an important part of the job.

""She will be good at getting people to work well together. I think that's a strength of hers. I saw that on the committee,"" Heaphy said.

Lynch's portfolio will include addressing voting rights, white-collar crime and policy reviews, as well as public corruption, an area in which she has vast experience.

In a statement, Obama said America will be better off with Lynch leading the Department of Jusice.

""Loretta's confirmation ensures that we are better positioned to keep our communities safe, keep our nation secure, and ensure that every American experiences justice under the law,"" Obama said in a statement shortly after the vote.

Lynch's experience on civil rights case, like helping win the convictions of New York City police officers who sexually assaulted Haitian immigrant Abner Louima, will be important as her office tackles closely watched investigations in recent police conduct cases, including the still unexplained death of a 25-year-old Baltimore man while in police custody.

""She's seen and understands the injustices that have taken place in the past and so therefore she's uniquely also equipped to deal with what's going on and do the kinds of investigations that will restore faith to Americans in their justice system,"" said Rep. Greg Meeks, D-New York.

Born in Greensboro, North Carolina, Lynch grew up 60 miles to the east in Durham, North Carolina. Her father was a fourth-generation Baptist minister; her mother, an English teacher and school librarian. As a child, Lynch rode on her father's shoulders to his church, which served a meeting place for students organizing anti-segregation boycotts in the early 1960s, she told the Judiciary panel at her January confirmation hearing. Lynch eventually graduated from Harvard College and Harvard Law School.

Speaking at her nomination announcement in November, Lynch highlighted the fact that the Justice Department is named for an ideal.

""This is actually appropriate, because our work is both aspirational, and grounded in gritty reality,"" she said. ""Today, I stand before you so thrilled, and, frankly, so humbled to have the opportunity to lead this group of wonderful people who work all day and well into the night to make that ideal a manifest reality.""

At a conference meeting with all the nation's U.S. attorneys a few years ago, Heaphy was put in charge of organizing a presentation showing the attorneys as they were 20 years before. Lynch shared a picture of herself with her college cheerleading squad.

""Loretta sent me a picture of her as a Harvard cheerleader in a pyramid,"" he said. ""She was comfortable sharing this with Eric Holder and other department leaders. She laughed at herself.""

""I don't think she's just tough, there's a humanity, there's a human touch that she has that will also serve her well,"" he said. ""Nobody is going to mistake that she's in charge, but her humility and sense of humor will come through.""",1
671,"Clinton is close, but Sanders not ready to give up","Los Angeles (CNN) Hillary Clinton is on the cusp of declaring victory as the Democratic nominee after a long and protracted battle with Bernie Sanders. But she has one very serious problem: The Vermont senator isn't giving up.

Clinton and her husband have barnstormed across California at a furious pace in recent days -- seeking to avoid yet another humiliating defeat by Sanders on the same night she should easily win the delegates needed to go past the 2,383 mark and clinch the nomination.

""I'm very proud of the campaign we're running here, and I believe, on Tuesday, I will have decisively won the popular vote and I will have decisively won the pledged delegate majority,"" Clinton said on CNN's ""State of the Union.""

By all objective measures, she and her allies argue that the race is over. The delegate math, the money, the millions of votes in her column -- all point to her inevitability as the nominee.

Sanders, however, shows no sign that he is preparing to exit the stage.

Facing a strong possibility that he could carry in California, he vowed, in no uncertain terms this weekend, to lead his ""movement"" on to the convention in Philadelphia.

At a news conference in L.A.'s Little Tokyo Saturday, he railed against the press and the news networks for counting superdelegates in their tallies.

""It is extremely unlikely that Secretary Clinton will have the requisite number of pledged delegates to claim victory on Tuesday night,"" Sanders said. ""At the end of the nominating process, no candidate will have enough pledged delegates to call the campaign a victory. That will be dependent upon superdelegates. In other words, the Democratic National Convention will be a contested convention.""

The first female presidential nominee of a major political party could find herself shadowed by Sanders' intensive campaign to sway hundreds of superdelegates despite winning fewer contests and votes.

Some Democrats worry that would put the Democratic Party at a disadvantage by making it harder for Clinton to unify the party and turn her full attention to Donald Trump.

From a pure mathematical perspective, the Democratic Primary in Puerto Rico Sunday leaves Clinton on the verge of becoming the nominee, 29 delegates shy of the magic number, according to CNN estimates. On Tuesday, 694 delegates will be at stake in the Democratic contests -- including 475 in California alone, but Clinton is likely to win many of them.

While the math is not on his side, Sanders showed defiance and determination as he swept through California all weekend, charging Trump with trying to divide the country, and Clinton with advocating for ""small, incremental changes"" when ""We want to transform this nation.""

A robust showing Tuesday could give Sanders a strong closing argument in his pitch to superdelegates.

Speaking for more than an hour Saturday night outside the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum as the flame of the Olympic torch flickered brightly above him, he urged his followers to dismiss those who claim his path is impossible.

""If we can win, and win big here in California and in the other states, and in Washington D.C., we are going to go into the Democratic convention with enormous momentum,"" Sanders told thousands of young supporters, many of whom were wearing ""Bernie or Bust"" buttons. ""With your help, I believe, we will come out with the nomination.""

For Sanders, the long Democratic primary is coming to an end amid feelings of astonishment and regret. When he launched his presidential bid a year ago, advisers say, winning wasn't his chief goal. He wanted to make sure Clinton had a competitive race. And that, he has done in spades.

While advisers say he is serious about taking the primary fight to the Democratic convention, he also is mindful of keeping his pledge to keep Trump from winning the presidency. He has yet to reconcile those competing forces, aides say, but that rests at the heart of what he decides to do next.

Sanders refuses to say what his goal would be if he does not win the nomination. He will not even engage on those kinds of questions at this point in the process.

Advisers say he is intent on trying to change the Democratic nominating process, particularly the superdelegate system and the series of closed primaries in states across the country. But that could be a tall order, considering he just joined the party to run for president.

While this week will almost certainly decide the race, Sanders' supporters insist that it will result in nothing more than a mathematical muddle. Whatever the networks decide to do in terms of calling the race, Sanders adviser Tad Devine said, ""I don't think that's going to affect things.""

""The networks or the press can characterize what happens in any way they like -- you guys have a right to do that -- and so do we,"" he said.

Sanders' argument for continuing on, Devine said, ""is pretty straightforward that the delegates that have been elected by voters -- no one has enough of them to claim the nomination of the party.""

""So if you're going to win the nomination of the party you're going to win it with superdelegates, and even the Democratic National Committee -- officially, their spokesperson -- is out on the record saying that superdelegate's votes should not officially be counted until the convention itself,"" Devine said.

Sanders' advisers also note that regardless of the results on Tuesday night—when voters go to the polls in California, Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Dakota and South Dakota—the Vermont senator intends to compete in Washington D.C. on June 14 when it holds the final contest of the primary season.

They believe they have a strong case to make to superdelegates that Sanders has gained strength over the course of the primary process while Clinton's candidacy has weakened.

They note that while Clinton, for example, dominated in large states with diverse populations early in the process, polls show Sanders leading Clinton among young minority voters in California by a wide margin. Beyond that, Sanders has continued to pound the argument that potential general election matchups show that he would be a stronger candidate against Trump.

""If the Democratic leadership wants a campaign that will not only retain the White House and regain the Senate and win governor's chairs all over this country, we are that campaign,"" Sanders said at a rally in San Diego Sunday night.

Clinton has pointed out that in 2008, she was in Sanders' position: in second place after a hard-fought campaign against Barack Obama.

""By some standards, I actually led a little bit in the popular vote, but I fell a little short in the pledged delegates,"" she said on ""State of the Union."" ""So I had a decision to make. A lot of my supporters said, hey, let's keep going, let's make sure that we go to the convention. I said, no. I ran to become president because I have deep values and beliefs about what should be done in our country.""

While Sanders' next moves are difficult to predict, the bigger obstacle for Clinton may be the fervency of his supporters, particularly those who constitute the contingent who call themselves ""Bernie or Bust.""

A Quinnipiac poll earlier this month found that a quarter of Sanders' supporters nationally said they would not support Clinton in a general election against Trump, while 75% said they would.

The Clinton-resistant contingent of Sanders supporters was even higher in California in the recent USC Dornsife/LA Times poll. In that survey -- which may have prompted Clinton to ramp up her campaign schedule here—Sanders led Clinton 44 percent to 43 percent among registered voters. (The Vermont senator led her by double digits among voters who decline to state a party).

Among voters who are supporting Sanders in the primary, only 65% said they would support Clinton in November.

Those die-hard Sanders fans were out in force at his events in Los Angeles this weekend. In interviews, many said they either planned to either write in Sanders in November or vote for the Green Party ticket.

""I've been watching the Clintons for a very long time and I think there are some serious integrity issues and some character flaws, I'll say to be nice—which Bernie doesn't have. He's been consistent for 40 years and that's something I have to respect,"" said Danny Garcia, a 36-year-old business consultant, who said he has been a Libertarian-Republican for most of his life before supporting Sanders.

""I'm Bernie or Bust, there's no Hillary on my agenda,"" said Garcia, who was signing up volunteers to go to Philadelphia during Sanders' rally Saturday night. ""She's using her usual tactics, which are to manipulate the populace, discourage voters, stop people from getting out, and trying to control the media narrative, which she's been pretty good at.""

Courtney Wold, a 25-year-old filmmaker from Los Angeles, said though she likes and respects Clinton, she plans to vote for Green Party candidate Jill Stein in November if Sanders does not clinch the nomination.

""The first rally he had me in tears, along with everyone that was around us. We were all collectively crying about how profound the message was,"" Wold said, as she waited for Sanders to speak at the Coliseum this weekend. ""My generation -- not speaking for the generation entirely, but for me specifically -- I feel sort of disenfranchised. I went to school; I got a college degree and then I left with a huge amount of debt.""

""I've sort of come to terms with the fact that I'll never own a home,"" Wold said. ""But I don't want that for my children -- and Bernie's the only one who truly spoke to that.... We like Hillary. We think she's done a lot for women -- and I think that's great -- but I'm not voting based on my gender, I'm voting based on a platform.""

Many Sanders backers recoil at the notion that he should bow out Tuesday once Clinton has mathematically clinched the nomination with a combination of pledged delegates and superdelegates. They will be with him, they say, all the way through Philadelphia and beyond.

""Absolutely he should stay and fight,"" said Gary Frazier, a leader of the group called 'Black Men for Bernie.' ""Whether he will or not, that remains to be seen. But you cannot start a political revolution that exposes the corruption in the political system and then expect us to get behind that same political system.""",1
5121,Picking Mike Pence Really Was A Grand Slam For Donald Trump,"Mike Pence? Full disclosure: I served as head of the Super PAC seeking to draft Pence into the 2012 presidential race. Having long been persuaded of Pence’s superior leadership qualities, I’m even less objective than usual.

We called Pence “The Conservative Champion” and for good reason. Then, in 2012, Pence made the right decision: to run for governor of Indiana. That was an opportunity for distinguished public service. As it happened, it was also a perfect boot camp for the vice presidency.

The Honorable David McIntosh, now president of the powerful Club For Growth, was the one who encouraged Pence to come back into electoral politics. McIntosh later served as the guru of the Draft Pence For President Super PAC. In my recent exclusive interview McIntosh recalled:

When I was vacating my Congressional seat to pursue an ultimately unsuccessful gubernatorial run, in 2000, I wanted my seat to be occupied by a true conservative and someone of high integrity and commitment to public service.  I turned to Mike Pence. He had run unsuccessfully in 1988 and 1990 and by 2000 had achieved considerable success, and affluence, as a syndicated talk radio host. Mike replied that he no longer aspired to public office but would, together with his wife Karen, pray on my request and determine whether they sensed a calling. Several months later I encountered Mike at the Indiana State Fair. I asked him about whether he had reached a conclusion. He replied that he and Karen recognized that he could not shirk the duty. Pence went on to run, and win, and serve America with distinction in the Congress and then to serve splendidly as governor of Indiana. If elected to the vice presidency he will again serve America magnificently.

One of the reasons that Pence showed himself extraordinary may have faded from general memory. It has not faded from mine. Nor has it been forgotten, or forgiven, by the left, who are now highlighting this, much to my delight. In 2010 Pence gave a major speech at the Detroit Economic Club. As the center-left ThinkProgress.org then reported:

The first item of Pence’s five-point for the economy is a “sound monetary policy.” Pence elaborated that he believes a return to the gold standard could create such a policy: PENCE: Before I move on, I’d like to note, in the midst of all that’s happened recently — massive borrowing and spending, QE2 — a debate has started anew over an anchor to our global monetary system. My dear friend, the late Jack Kemp, probably would have urged me to adopt the gold standard, right here and now in Detroit. Robert Zoellick, the president of the World Bank, encouraged that we rethink the international currency system including the role of gold, and I agree. I think the time has come to have a debate over gold, and the proper role it should play in our nations monetary affairs. A pro-growth agenda begins with sound monetary policy.  (Emphasis supplied by ThinkProgress.)

The elitist left is misguidedly neurotic about the gold standard. Properly designed the gold standard favors labor and debtors slightly over capital and creditors and hence carries majority rank and file support among the labor and ethnic left. Timothy B. Lee wrote at the elite left Vox on July 15th, Trump should ignore his running mate’s bad ideas about monetary policy, with reference to the same speech:

It is perverse how the left has reviled Friedman when he was, as he most often was, right, while being deferential to him when he was demonstrably wrong. The international gold standard had ceased operations in 1914. In 1922, it was replaced, in the immortal words of the great French economist Jacques Rueff, by a “grotesque caricature.”

The Economist described that system, quite correctly, as “a mess.” It called itself a gold standard without playing by the rules of the gold standard. The Interwar so-called ""gold standard"" was a hybrid between Jabberwocky and Calvinball. The true gold standard was  but a dim memory by the onset of the Great Depression for which it was framed. The misguided fixation of “many economists” – deluded by the Eichengreen Fallacy -- on the role of “the” gold standard in worsening the Great Depression is contradicted by history.

Conservative apostate David Frum, writing in The Wall Street Journal, also stubbornly continues to misunderstand the gold standard. Frum does however astutely observe some similarities between William Jennings Bryan and Donald Trump:

This is a similarity previously noted by David Klinghard in US News and World Report and by Tim Reuter at Forbes.com. It is apt in some ways but not in others.  Bryan, by prescribing depreciation through ""free coinage of silver,"" lost three presidential races. Trump provides a counsel of general prosperity and has thus far gone from victory to victory and is on track to astound the Frums of this world in the general election.

It is disappointing that the erudite but curiously tone-deaf Frum fails to note that the ravaging of small farmers was caused by the post-Civil War restoration of the gold standard at pre-war parity. This forced a painful secular deflation. We are back in the jaws of deflation, this time Fed-induced. Trump twice has stated his appreciation for the gold standard, the very platform on which McKinley soundly beat Bryan. And the gold standard, properly done, is not an instrument of deflation.

Paul Krugman and his ""plovers"" will rave on against the gold standard. Let them. To adapt a tweet by Neo-Keynesian economist Austan Goolsbee: Roses are red. Violets are pink. Don’t listen to aurophobes. No one cares what they think. To wit:",1
60,Republicans Very Troubled By Clinton Donors See No Conflict With Their Own Dark Money,"WASHINGTON -- For four months, the Republican Party and its many presidential hopefuls have laid into likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over donations to a family foundation. That these attacks contradict the GOP's broader stand on campaign finance -- and call into question their own weighty burden of donor conflicts -- hasn't troubled them at all.

Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) called contributions to the nonprofit Clinton Foundation “thinly veiled bribes.” The nation can’t afford the “drama” represented by those donations, according to Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.). Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina asked Clinton to explain why contributions to the foundation “don’t represent a conflict of interest.” And the Republican National Committee has made the donations a central part of its campaign against Clinton.

In embracing this critique of the Clinton Foundation, Republicans are investing in a view of money in politics that they have otherwise rejected in recent years: that spending money to gain influence over or access to elected or appointed officials represents a conflict of interest or an appearance of corruption or could even lead to outright corruption.

Since 2010, the conservative Supreme Court majority has rejected this argument as a reason to regulate campaign finance in their Citizens United, McCutcheon and Williams-Yulee decisions. Most leading Republican federal officeholders now take the view that spending of any sort on campaigns should not be impeded by legal restrictions as fears of corruption are overblown.

So the critical piling on Clinton Foundation donations creates a problem for Republicans, especially those running for president. If contributions to the foundation, a 501(c)(3) entity not involved in political campaigns, create a valid source of corruption concern, then what are we to make of the hundreds of millions of dollars in undisclosed donations to 501(c)(4) nonprofits that have worked to elect Republicans over the past three elections?

Since the Supreme Court’s Citizens United decision opened the door for unlimited corporate, union and, ultimately, individual spending on elections, Republicans have maneuvered to use so-called dark money nonprofits to fund large portions of their electoral efforts. Dark money spending on federal races exceeded $400 million in the 2012 presidential election and $200 million in the 2014 midterms with the vast majority of those dollars going to aid Republican candidates, according to previous analysis by The Huffington Post.

The public is not privy, however, to the sources of funds fueling a large part of the Republican electoral apparatus and a smaller part of Democratic efforts. Party leaders and wealthy donors have increasingly worked through nonprofits that are not required to disclose their funding sources.

Republicans, including those now running for president, defend dark money groups as a means to protect what they argue is the First Amendment right of donors to engage in political activity without ""retaliation."" Perhaps, that retaliation would come in the form of stories informing the public about how those donors are seeking to influence public policy.

The very limited record on dark money shows that those funding these groups -- just like those funding super PACs, which must identify their donors -- include many high-powered corporate and individual interests with well-connected lobbyists in search of favors. HuffPost reports have found that dark money groups tightly connected to congressional and party leadership, both Democratic and Republican, have received large sums from pharmaceutical, insurance, banking and online payday lenders seeking specific policy changes while retaining lobbyists previously employed by those very leaders.

Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has his Right to Rise Policy Solutions, which is playing an increasingly important role in his not-yet-declared, super-PAC-centered presidential campaign. Rubio's advisers run the Conservative Policy Solutions group in collaboration with an affiliated super PAC. And potential candidates like former Texas Gov. Rick Perry, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal are all running around the country fueled by funding from undisclosed nonprofit groups.

In 2012, Walker faced a recall election after labor unions in his state rebelled over legislation gutting public employee union rights. His recall campaign coordinated with a band of nonprofit political groups, led by the Wisconsin Club for Growth, to promote Walker and his policies in a positive light. Walker aides worked closely with the outside groups, and the governor directly raised undisclosed contributions for the effort.

John Menard Jr., considered the wealthiest man in Wisconsin, was another big donor to the save-Walker effort. The billionaire owner of the chain store Menards gave $1.5 million to the Wisconsin Club for Growth, according to a report by Yahoo News. During Walker’s term in office, Menard’s company received $1.8 million in tax credits from an economic development corporation led by the governor. He also received help in his battle with the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources as Walker defanged the watchdog agency.

The same failure to see their own conflicts applies to candidates elected since the Citizens United decision precipitated the dramatic rise in dark money. Both Paul and Rubio were elected to the Senate in 2010 with $2.3 million and $2.7 million, respectively, in allied spending by groups that do not disclose their donors, including the Karl Rove-founded Crossroads GPS and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.

Thanks to its bankruptcy filings, it is known that for-profit Corinthian Colleges made contributions to Crossroads GPS. While the dates and amounts of those donations are still hidden, Rubio’s strong support for Corinthian is well-established. In 2014, he pleaded with the Department of Education for leniency for the company as it faced a fraud investigation.

No one doubts that huge sums of dark money will again be spent supporting presidential candidates in the 2016 election. While the public will be able to consider whether the corporations, billionaires and foreign governments that contributed to the Clinton Foundation would hold undue sway over a Clinton White House, they will not even know the identities of those pouring in the secret donations.",1
3500,"Suicide Blast at Park Leaves More Than 50 Dead in Lahore, Pakistan","Not even a week after coordinated attacks in Brussels, Belgium, killed 31 civilians, and barely 24 hours after an ISIS attack in Iraq that killed 25, another tragedy: a blast in Lahore, Pakistan, has taken the lives of at least 56 adults and children, with the approximate death toll still rising.

A single suicide bomber’s explosion rocked Gulshan-e-Iqbal park in Lahore on Sunday. No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack. Punjab province health advisor Khawaja Salman Rafique provided a statement estimating that approximately 200 more were injured in the blast, many of them families enjoying a peaceful day at the park in the heart of the city. According to local police chief Haider Ashraf, the bomber detonated near the section of the park containing children’s amusement park rides. Pakistani prime minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif has already expressed his deepest remorse for the victims and those affected, firmly condemning those responsible for the attack.

In a statement, the White House decried “this cowardly act in what has long been a scenic and placid park,” and pledged to “continue working with our partners in Pakistan and across the region, as together we will be unyielding in our efforts to root out the scourge of terrorism.”

Narendra Modi, the prime minister of neighboring India, also condemned the attack.

The second-largest city in Pakistan, Lahore has long been considered the cultural capital of the turbulent nation. The placement of this attack, especially considering the environment of family fun and repose that the park afforded, sends a clear message of terror.

This is a breaking news story. We’ll be adding new information as it becomes available.",1
1892,Why Carly Fiorina is on a media blitz,"Washington (CNN) A central theme of Carly Fiorina's nascent campaign for the Republican presidential nomination is that she is uniquely positioned to neutralize the historic potential of Hillary Clinton's 2016 bid.

But first, she has to introduce herself to voters, who in large part don't know who she is.

On the day she announced her candidacy, Fiorina sat for two interviews with ABC's ""Good Morning America"" in New York. Then she hopped on a phone for a mid-morning press call with 65 journalists. After lunch, she was off to Yahoo News' studio for a live sit-down with anchor Katie Couric, followed by a question-and-answer session using the live-streaming app Periscope. That evening, she joined Megyn Kelly on Fox News.

The next day was no different: Fiorina navigated eight interviews, including Glenn Beck's radio show, CNN and ""The Late Show with Seth Meyers."" Seven more interviews were scheduled Wednesday, followed by five press availabilities over the weekend in Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina.

Fiorina's exhaustive schedule is emblematic of candidates who enter the race without a lick of national name ID. For a candidate whose name barely registers in CNN/ORC polls conducted regularly since November , Fiorina — and upstart candidates like her -- must rely on the media's megaphone to get her name heard. Even better-known contenders like Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida, did a media blitz after announcing their presidential bids.

""Candidates with lower name identification must jump at virtually every opportunity to garner media coverage,"" said Republican political consultant Ellen Carmichael, who managed press outreach for Herman Cain's presidential campaign in 2011, a candidate who started out virtually unknown. ""For some, this means creating their own news by saying things the media deems controversial. For others, it means answering every media inquiry and agreeing to every interview that comes your way. More established candidates, however, have the luxury of passing on requests.""

That's one luxury that Clinton is enjoying.

Since her presidential campaign announcement on April 12, Clinton has not held a formal press conference. While on the campaign trail, she has responded — reluctantly at times -- to roughly eight questions from journalists.

Even that count is a charitable one, given that some responses have been little more than short exclamations, such as, ""I'm having a great time, can't look forward any more than I am,"" which she said in response to a question about her strategy in Iowa. When a reporter in New Hampshire asked about her next stop on the campaign trail, she merely said, ""Oh, onward.""

Clinton has been so reclusive in the first weeks of her candidacy that the New York Times started publishing questions their reporters would have asked her that day on the campaign trail if they had had the chance.

At this early stage in the race, Clinton doesn't need to rely on the media to reach her core supporters. She has a Twitter feed with 3.47 million followers and a new Facebook page that has grown to 800,000 online supporters since her announcement in April. This week her campaign launched a web series called, "" The Briefing ,"" which it intends to use to combat what they consider unfriendly media coverage.

It would be hard to see how any other candidate could take such a brazen go-it-alone approach.

Of course, Clinton's absence from media interviews does not come without consequence.

This is one of the few instances in which die-hard liberal Sanders and conservative Fiorina are in the same boat: The CNN/ORC poll in April found that just 5% of Democratic voters would consider supporting Sanders, compared to 69% for Clinton.

As the campaign progresses, Clinton will become more available for press questions, Clinton spokesman Jesse Ferguson told CNN. But as the frontrunner 19 months until the general election, her campaign strategists know that journalists will still continue to cover her regardless of whether she answers questions.

Her lesser-known opponents—on both sides of the aisle—don't have that benefit.",1
405,Top Democratic economists don't think much of Bernienomics. He doesn’t care.,"Four former top economists in Democratic administrations signed a letter taking Bernie Sanders's campaign to task for touting a document by University of Massachusetts economist Gerald Friedman that purports to show that Sanders's policies would boost the American growth rate to more than 5 percent.

Alan Krueger, Austan Goolsbee, Christina Romer, and Laura D'Andrea Tyson all served at one time or another as chairs of the Council of Economic Advisers under either Barack Obama or Bill Clinton; their letter isn't signed by three other CEA chairs from Clinton's tenure: Janet Yellen (who's busy running the Fed), Joseph Stiglitz (who's well to the left of this group), and Martin Baily (who tells me he didn't know anything about it).

The letter cites Friedman's assumption that the economy would grow by 5.3 percent under Sanders, and comments, ""No credible economic research supports economic impacts of these magnitudes."" Further, the economists argue that making this kind of claim undermines ""our party’s best traditions of evidence-based policy making and undermines our reputation as the party of responsible arithmetic.""

Somewhat ironically, this group of empirically minded wonks doesn't actually offer an empirical critique of the study they are worried about — relying simply on their authority as Democratic Party luminaries to bat it down.

This controversy is, on one level, almost totally meaningless. No president in any era operating under any set of circumstances has managed to pass a complete legislative agenda, and the combination of partisan polarization, an entrenched House GOP majority, and the extremely ambitious nature of Sanders's agenda makes it totally inconceivable that a Sanders administration would pass all of its policy proposals.

Asking what would happen if the entire Sanders agenda is enacted is a little like asking what would happen if Sanders brought his mid-range game to the Golden State Warriors. To the extent that anyone is backing Sanders because they have read Friedman's paper, the fact that none of this is going to happen is a bigger problem than any questions about Friedman's forecasts.

However, on another level, the Friedman paper and the attacks on it from Democratic Party wonks are an interesting window into how the primary is playing out behind the scenes. Clinton has achieved such overwhelming party insider support that the Sanders campaign is largely cut off from access to the kind of para-party policy wonk universe that would allow Sanders to release campaign proposals that pass muster by the traditional rules of the game.

But he's managed to make a virtue out of this weakness and harness it to the larger significance of the Sanders project — an effort to turn the Democratic Party into a more ideological party that operates more like a progressive mirror image of the conservative Republican Party and less of a broad coalition of interest groups mediated by technocrats.

The headline conclusion of Friedman's paper is that under Bernienomics, ""the growth rate of the real gross domestic product will rise from 2.1% per annum to 5.3% so that real GDP per capita will be over $20,000 higher in 2026 than is projected under the current policy.""

That is a very high rate of growth.

When Jeb Bush promised 4 percent growth, centrist-to-liberal economists were derisive, and even the most Jeb-friendly economists wouldn't quite endorse the claim. Friedman is promising even more than that, and the CEA letter reflects a similar level of skepticism.

I asked Dean Baker from the Center for Economic and Policy Research, one of the more left-wing and Sanders-friendly economists in the Washington policy world, what he thought of the 5.3 percent target. He, in the nicest possible way, suggested it is unrealistic:

Obviously opinions differ considerably about the merits of various aspects of Sanders's agenda. But it's on these questions of slack, full employment, and labor force growth where Friedman departs most clearly from the economic consensus.

Consider this chart, laying out Friedman's view of how Bernienomics will impact the employment rate, or the share of the adult population that has a job:

Reasonable people can (and will) disagree about how Sanders's plans would impact the labor market. But virtually every expert I've ever discussed this with believes that one reason the employment rate has declined since 1999 is that old people are a larger share of the population today than they were 17 years ago. The main reason the CBO expects the employment rate to fall in the future is that this aging process is set to continue. This means the ""full employment"" level of employment is simply lower than it was in the past.

Friedman, by contrast, appears to believe that the full employment level is right where it was in the waning days of the Clinton administration, and that with good policy we can get back there.

Friedman does not, however, discuss the demographic change issue at all in his paper. Instead, in a footnote he argues that ""women’s employment will be encouraged by the Paycheck Fairness Act, which will raise the wages of women, encouraging more to seek paid employment."" No empirical evidence is offered that such a modest piece of legislation will have an impact this large, nor is much made of the fact that a large share of the growth benefit of the Sanders agenda is being attributed to this consensus Democratic policy, rather than to his more unusual positions.

Conversely, some of Sanders's more distinctive signature ideas would almost certainly depress labor force participation even in a sympathetic view.

For example, if you made college free, some young people who would otherwise work full time would instead go to school and work part time. Some students who currently work part time would reduce their hours or cut back to zero. A proponent of free college would likely describe these as benefits of the free college universe — and certainly foreign countries where college is much cheaper than the United States see fewer school-age people in the labor force.

By the same token, Sanders's ""Medicare for all"" and expanded Social Security plans would almost certainly increase the number of people who retire early. Free health care would make it easier to be retired for a year or five before Social Security benefits kick in, more generous Social Security would reduce the amount of intact savings people need once the benefits do kick in, and the higher taxes to finance the Medicare-for-all plan would make working slightly less lucrative.

None of that is necessarily a bad thing — reducing old people's need to toil is a very nice idea — but, like free college, it tends to cut against Friedman's view that Bernienomics will create a surge of employment.

It's noteworthy that the former CEA chairs criticizing Friedman didn't bother to run through a detailed explanation of their problems with the paper. To them, the 5.3 percent figure was simply absurd on its face, and it was good enough for them to say so, relying on their authority to generate media coverage.

And to an extent, mission accomplished. The coverage has been generated. But for better or for worse, the entire premise of the Sanders campaign is that the existing Democratic Party establishment needs to be overthrown, so imperious dismissals by establishment figures don't really hurt Sanders. His policy director, Warren Gunnels, told Danielle Kurtzleben that the economists in question are ""the establishment of the establishment"" and claimed to be unbothered by the criticisms.

""That does not bother us at all,"" he told her. ""What bothers us is the fact that the U.S. has more kids living in poverty than nearly any major country on earth.""

Bernie sympathizers like the Week's Ryan Cooper and veteran left-wing political operative Jeff Hauser simply view the letter signers as non-credible, referring to an old Goolsbee column and to Tyson's service on corporate boards.

To Sanders skeptics, this style of response is itself worrying. Paul Krugman, for example, wrote about the letter and said, ""If your response to these concerns is that they’re all corrupt, all looking for jobs with Hillary, you are very much part of the problem.""

The dismissals of the critiques of Friedman's praise for Sanders's plan are, in a way, more telling and informative than either the Friedman paper or the critiques of it. Sanders and his core constituency simply don't care.

Sanders is running a style of campaign that's very unusual for a prominent Democrat but extremely common for a Republican. Marco Rubio, for example, has proposed a large tax cut, a balanced budget amendment, an increase in defense spending, and to prevent any cuts in Social Security or Medicare for people currently at or near retirement.

This is, obviously, not possible, but it hasn't been a problem for Rubio in the GOP primary because the 2016 GOP primary — like the 2012, 2008, 2000, 1996, and 1988 primaries — haven't been about who has the best policy plans. It is about how conservative ideology should be defined and — among those who share a similar definition — who is its most effective champion. The 1980 and 1976 GOP primaries were about whether the Republican Party should be a vehicle of the conservative movement or whether it should continue in the Eisenhower/Nixon/Ford model of right-leaning interest group brokerage — with the conservatives winning in 1980 and never letting go.

Democrats for almost all of this time have not defined themselves as a mirror image of the conservative GOP. Instead, they are a left-leaning coalition of interest groups looking for group wins that tends to downplay ideology. This is why, historically, evaluating ""plans"" has been a very important part of Democratic politics.

Sanders's campaign against Hillary Clinton is more like Ronald Reagan's battle with Gerald Ford than like the Obama-Clinton primary of 2008. As part of his political revolution, Sanders wants to change the Democratic Party (which he historically was not even a member of) into a much more ideological political party. Consequently, for Sanders the point of taking policy positions is much more about showing where he stands and who his friends and enemies are than it is about the details of policymaking. What he would actually do as president, after all, is going to be constrained by political realities and his ability to mobilize the public

To Sanders's critics, of course, this is just gross irresponsibility that neglects the best traditions of the Democratic Party and raises serious questions about Sanders's ability to do serious policy analysis when the time comes to make choices. But to his fans, fetishizing wonky details is just a way of circumscribing policy proposals to what can be uncontroversially modeled in a world where obtaining and deploying concrete political power — not drawing up more and better white papers — is the crucial task for progressive politics.",1
2214,"If Congress rejects nuclear deal, would US be the pariah? (+video)","After 9/11, George W. Bush favored isolation and military action over diplomacy – an approach that didn't win over other countries. Now, the US could again find itself on the outs with others if it rejects the Iran nuclear deal.

Chairman Sen. Bob Corker (R) of Tennessee (r.) listens as Secretary of State John Kerry (l. foreground) testifies at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on Capitol Hill, in Washington, Thursday, July 23, 2015, to review the Iran nuclear agreement.

After the 9/11 terrorist attacks, President George W. Bush played down diplomacy in favor of isolation and military action – unilateral American action if necessary – for dealing with rogue states like Iraq and Iran.

The approach never won the broad support of global powers, instead leaving the United States essentially isolated and criticized, rather than supported, as it sought to address the regime of Saddam Hussein. When Mr. Bush ordered the invasion of Iraq in 2003, America was left to largely go it alone.

More than a decade later, the US could once again find itself on the outs with the rest of the world if, after years of painstaking negotiations with other world powers, it ends up rejecting the Iran nuclear deal, some foreign policy experts say.

“After the invasion of Iraq, the United States became the issue in international relations,” says Robert Litwak, director of international security studies at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington. “If the US rejects this agreement – after its acceptance elsewhere as a fair deal – the US, not Iran, will become the issue again.”

The potential for America to find itself isolated again over a crucial international security issue could have a deep impact among the US public. Americans’ dislike for being the odd man out in international affairs is seen in polls consistently showing a preference for US-led diplomacy over go-it-alone military intervention. That may help explain why opponents of the Iran deal emphasize that they want “a better deal” with Iran, not no deal at all.

Obama administration officials have seized on the isolation argument, backed by signs that the other powers involved in the negotiations – three European powers, Russia, and China – are already moving forward with Iran based on an assumption that the nuclear deal is done and sanctions on Iran will start to be lifted by the fall. French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius was in Tehran last week, and European businesses are flooding into Iran to secure a slice of the anticipated boom as the government starts spending in big-ticket projects again.

Secretary of State John Kerry has been quick to issue warnings about the threat of America’s isolation, arguing within days of the deal’s signing in Vienna July 14 that if Congress were to vote down the deal, “Our friends in this effort will desert us.”

The rest of the international community would blame the deal’s failure on the US, Secretary Kerry says. Other powers would lift their sanctions, and Iran, freed from both sanctions and constraints on its nuclear program, would ramp up its uranium enrichment – raising again the specter of military action to halt Iran’s nuclear progress.

“We will be viewed as having killed the opportunity to stop [the Iranians] from having weapons,” Kerry said in remarks aired on CBS’s “Face the Nation” July 19. Iran, he added, “will begin to enrich again, and the greater likelihood is what [President Obama] said the other day – you will have a war.”

It is this argument – that either Congress approves the deal or it condemns the US to fighting on its own a war with Iran – that has irked some in Congress.

“You have turned Iran from being a pariah into now Congress, Congress being a pariah,” Sen. Bob Corker (R) of Tennessee, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told Kerry when he appeared before the committee last Thursday.

Senator Corker noted in particular his dissatisfaction with what he said was the administration’s portrayal of a stark choice for Congress between the deal negotiated and a go-it-alone military intervention.

“With every detail of the deal that was laid out [in classified briefings by senior administration officials to members of Congress], our witnesses successfully batted them away with the hyperbole that it’s either this deal or war,” he said.

Some Middle East experts worry that rejection of the deal would leave the US and Israel isolated, both in the region and internationally. That is especially true as Gulf Arab states appear to be coming to a consensus of support for the deal – especially in light of the reinforced US strategic support that the Obama administration has been pledging to help counter a deal-emboldened Iran.

America’s isolation in the wake of congressional rejection of the deal would be all the stronger, says Mr. Litwak of the Wilson Center, because it would appear to the rest of the world that the US was turning back to a post-9/11 faith in “regime change” as the only way to deal with rogue states.

The prevailing thinking after 9/11 “was that behavior modification wouldn’t get you there – so you had to deal with [rogue states] through regime change,” he says.

Mr. Obama shelved the “rogue state” concept for dealing with countries like Iran and instead framed it as an “outlier on international law,” Litwak says – an approach more to the liking of the international community.

But critics of the deal say it is actually Obama who is exposing his belief in “regime change” – by promoting a deal that counts on the Iranian government’s transformation over the coming decade.

“You can’t understand the nuclear deal with Iran without believing that in the decade ahead, there will be regime change in Tehran – although they [the deal’s proponents] call it regime transformation,” says Mark Dubowitz, executive director of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies in Washington.

The “irony” that Mr. Dubowitz sees a decade after Bush’s “axis of evil” is that once again, it is “regime change” that the US would deploy to deal with Iran – although, he says, it’s in a form more palatable to the world.

“It’s regime change, but in a sense it’s being flipped on its head,” Dubowitz says.

“In the place of the right advocating force and coercion, you have the left saying, ‘Don’t worry about the details of this deal, because in 10 years’ time when some of the restrictions on Iran’s nuclear program are gone, it won’t matter,’ ” he says. “They really believe the deal will have set in motion a chain of events that will change the nature and behavior of this regime.”",1
5019,Trump Reboot? Business Mogul Vows to 'Jumpstart' US Economy,"Hillary Clinton is firing back at Donald Trump after he announced his new tax plan Monday and promised that the United States would reach amazing new heights under his presidency.

The GOP nominee was on his best behavior during his latest campaign stop, managing to stay on topic and never lose his cool despite interruptions by protesters.

Speaking at the Detroit Economic Club, Trump laid out his plans for America's economy.

""We will make America grow again. I want to jump-start America and it can be done and it won't even be that hard,"" he vowed.

Among his ideas were the following proposals:

Trump also took some time to slam Clinton's economic plans, saying she punished Americans for working and doing business in the United States.

Clinton wasted no time firing back, calling Trump's plans a re-packaging of old Republican ideas.

""Today in Detroit he's got, I don't know, a dozen or so economic advisers he just named. Hedge fund guys, billionaire guys, six guys named Steve,"" Clinton told supporters at a campaign rally in Kissimmee, Florida. ""They wrote him a speech and he delivered it in Detroit. They tried to make his old, tired ideas sound new.""

She said that, unlike Trump, she would be a ""small business president"" and create jobs.

""If Trump were able to implement what he's proposing, heaven forbid, it would cost three and a half million jobs. He would actually reduce jobs,"" she warned.

Meanwhile, the latest round of national polls show Clinton leading her GOP rival by double digits.

But Trump's hour-long speech on a key issue - the economy - could be another sign that the Republican candidate is ready to begin working with the GOP to get his campaign back on track.",1
3576,Top Iranian nuke negotiator ordered to stop screaming at Kerry,"Iran's foreign minister and lead negotiator in nuclear talks with the United States has been ordered by the Islamic Republic's Supreme Leader to stop shouting and yelling at Secretary of State John Kerry during negotiating sessions.

Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif told his country's state controlled media in a recent interview that Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has instructed him to stop yelling at Kerry and other top U.S. officials during the talks.

Reports about Zarif's temper first emerged in the Iranian press last November, when the United States and Iran agreed to extend talks through June of this year.

Zarif is said to ""frequently shout at Western diplomats"" with such force that bodyguards have been forced to enter the negotiation room.

During one incident described by Iranian officials to the press, European Union Foreign Policy Chief Catherine Ashton, a chief western negotiator, admitted that Zarif had been shouting, and she had gotten used to it.

Abbas Araqchi, an Iranian diplomat who is also a member of the negotiating team, is reported to have said in an interview that during past negotiations in Geneva, Zarif ""shouted"" at Kerry and spoke to him in a manner ""unprecedented"" in the history of U.S. diplomacy.

Zarif appeared to cop to this behavior during a recent interview with the state-controlled Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA), according to an independent translation of the report provided to the Washington Free Beacon.

Click for more from The Washington Free Beacon.",1
3762,Calm Envelopes Baltimore as Curfew Begins,"Baltimore leaders say the first night of the city's seven-day curfew effectively worked to calm the violence that erupted only 24 hours earlier.

     

They're now hoping it's a sign of things returning to normal as schools in the city re-open their doors. But they admit there is still much work to be done to repair buildings ruined in the riots -- and to fix people's heartbreak.      

     

On Tuesday, Baltimore residents locked arms to join forces with more than a thousand police officers and 2,000 National Guardsmen to enact the first night of the city's 10 p.m. curfew. 

    

Some defiant demonstrators refused to leave. But that resistance lasted only about 30 minutes, until officers fired flash bangs and tossed smoke canisters.

""I think the biggest thing is that citizens are safe; the city is stable,"" Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said. ""We hope to maintain it that way.""

Tuesday night was a far cry from Monday when rioters torched cars, tossed debris at police, and tore apart businesses.

Officers only arrested 10 people Tuesday, compared to more than 200 on Monday.

It's an image many Baltimore residents and church leaders spent their Tuesday trying to erase. They hit the streets to work together and clean.

""We're all frustrated. We just need to find a better way to deal with this,"" Baltimore resident Alfonzo Timmons said.

In the midst of Monday's chaos, one overwrought Baltimore mother was hailed a hero.

     

When Toya Graham spotted her teenage son on live television throwing rocks at police, the single mom marched down to the street and fought to drag him home -- giving him a severe talking to on the way.

     

She told reporters she didn't want to see her son lost to violence -- or police brutality -- like Freddy Gray, the young man whose death in police custody first sparked the protests only a week ago.

    

But some pointed out that Baltimore's problems are much older and deeper than that one death.    

  

""This has been going on a long time. This is not new and we should not pretend that it's new,"" President Barack Obama said.

Repairing relations between people and police is going take time in this city. They now also have to find ways to rebuild businesses.

""It breaks my heart because those of us who are from Baltimore know how hard we fought for those stores,"" Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said.

    

Meanwhile, the Baltimore Orioles are playing an afternoon home game at Camden Yards.

     

But there is a twist. 

     

The game will be closed to the public. Only the players and the press will be allowed in the stadium, not fans.",1
861,Protesters take to streets after Trump rally in California,"The crowd gathered in the streets outside the OC Fair & Event Center as Trump addressed several thousand supporters at the Center's amphitheater. At least one police car was damaged and several scuffles broke out amid the hectic scene.

Protesters blocked a main intersection, impeding traffic, and officers with the Orange County Sheriff's Department and Costa Mesa Police Department worked to disperse the crowd, ordering protesters out of the streets.

About 20 people were arrested, the Orange County Sheriff's Department tweeted late Thursday night after the protests had cleared.

Lt. Mark Stichter, the Sheriff's Department's public information officer, could not provide an official estimate on the number of protesters, but demonstrators could be seen filling the intersection of Fairview Road and Fair Drive.

Several scuffles broke out between Trump supporters who were leaving the rally and people in the streets who accused them of being racists. One Trump supporter was visibly bloodied after being punched in the face. A @realDonaldTrump supporter just got punched in the face as a scuffle broke out in the street: pic.twitter.com/3h3Fllm3V3 — Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) April 29, 2016 Several people damaged a police car, smashing its back window before jumping on it and kicking its doors. As a crowd formed around the car, police officers in tactical and riot gear moved into action, forming a perimeter around the crowd before forcing the demonstrators to move down the road. People jumping on police car outside @realDonaldTrump rally. Window smashed few minutes earlier pic.twitter.com/SOsFarQEVr — Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) April 29, 2016 While some demonstrators shouted insults and slurs at police officers, others focused on delivering a message of protest against the Republican front-runner's rhetoric. Several protesters told CNN they were demonstrating against Trump's rhetoric on illegal immigration. Some were seen carrying Mexican flags as they marched in the street. Other demonstrators shouted insults and slurs at police officers. ""I'm against Trump's nativist and nationalistic agenda, which divides people and is very hateful of the other,"" he said. While Banuelos simply marched through the streets, he called the property damage and anger some demonstrators expressed Friday night ""the symptom of hate speech"" and said he did not believe any individuals were taking advantage of the protest. ""I think people are tired of these messages of hate,"" she said.",1
43,Trump’s campaign just got support from one of the Republican Party’s biggest donors,"Sheldon Adelson, the Las Vegas casino magnate and billionaire Republican donor, has made up his mind: He's supporting Donald Trump, and other Republicans need to fall in line.

Adelson's endorsement, in an op-ed in the Washington Post, matters because he's very wealthy and very willing to spend his wealth to elect Republicans. He spent as much as $150 million trying to defeat President Obama in 2012. His pro-Trump argument boils down to three points: Any Republican is better than a Democrat, Hillary Clinton in particular would be worse, and Trump's CEO experience has to count for something.

As Republicans, we know that getting a person in the White House with an ""R"" behind his name is the only way things will get better. That opportunity still exists. We must not cut off our noses to spite our faces.

Adelson almost certainly won't be the last prominent Republican to rationalize supporting Trump like this. Trump and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan seem to be working toward a rapprochement. Senate Republicans up for reelection are still dancing around outright endorsing Trump but are refusing to publicly denounce him either.

And if anyone had reasons to be skeptical about Trump, it's Adelson, a hard-liner on Israeli security. Trump promised to be ""neutral"" on Israel-Palestine — although he later backed away from that stance — and to enforce the Iran deal. Adelson has been telegraphing for months that Trump might be acceptable to him. His rationale — ""The alternative to Trump being sworn in as the nation’s 45th president is frightening,"" he wrote — is likely to show up in other Republicans' statements between now and November.",1
3871,Obama to Try to Allay Gulf Nation Leaders' Fears about Iran,"Leaders of Gulf nations unnerved by Washington's nuclear talks with Iran and Tehran's meddling across the Mideast look to President Barack Obama to promise more than words and weapons at Thursday's Camp David summit.

They want commitments from Obama that the United States has their backs at a time when the region is under siege from Islamic extremists, Syria continues to unravel, Iraq is volatile and Yemen is in chaos.

""I think we are looking for some form of security guarantee, given the behavior of Iran in the region, given the rise of the extremist threat. We definitely want a stronger relationship,"" said Yousef Al Qtaiba, the United Arab Emirates' ambassador to the United States.

""In the past, we have survived with a gentleman's agreement with the United States about security. I think today, we need something in writing. We need something institutionalized.""

What are the expectations for Obama's meetings with Gulf Cooperation Council countries — Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Bahrain and Oman?

Weapons sales. A renewed call for a coordinated missile defense system. More joint military exercises. Better cooperation on cybersecurity, as well as maritime or border security. Making the countries' defense systems work in concert.

""I don't believe there's a single GCC country that doesn't think a defense shield for the region is a bad idea. I think everyone's on board,"" Qtaiba said. ""The challenge is how do you turn on a regional defense system when different countries are purchasing different equipment and at different paces? How do you link it? How do you get the radars to talk to each other?""

A high-level Saudi official told The Associated Press in Riyadh that his country wants a defense system and military cooperation similar to what the U.S. affords Israel. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he wasn't authorized to disclose details of the Saudis' wish list at the summit, said they also want access to high-tech military equipment, missiles, planes and satellites, as well as more technology and training cooperation with the U.S.

The U.S. and five other nations are working to finalize a deal intended to stop Iran's pursuit of nuclear weapons in exchange for easing penalties that are choking the Iranian economy. The White House says the Gulf countries would be better off with an agreement that blocks Iran's path to an atomic weapon.

But the nuclear deal is not the only source of unease.

Arab allies feel threatened by Iran's rising influence and they fear a nuclear pact will embolden Tehran. They worry that the deal would unlock billions of dollars that Iran might decide to use to further intrude in countries or support terrorist proxies.

Sen. John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said Obama will have to work hard to convince the Arab allies that they do not need to fear fallout from any nuclear deal.

""Right now they feel that they have no support from this administration so he has a steep hill to climb,"" said McCain, pointing to Saudi Arabia's decision to act unilaterally in Yemen.

McCain, R-Ariz., said that's why the Saudis gave Gen. Lloyd Austin, head of the U.S. Central Command, only ""an hour's notice they were going to strike Yemen."" Saudi Arabia has led airstrikes against Iranian-backed rebels who have toppled the Yemeni government.

Secretary of State John Kerry is optimistic, but declines to say exactly what kind of reassurances Obama is prepared to offer at Camp David.

""I can just tell you in general terms that they have to do with the intensifying and strengthening of the security-military relationship between the United States of America and the Gulf Cooperation Council countries, as well as dealing with new challenges that we face in the region, foremost of which is the Iranian interference in the affairs of the countries of the region,"" Kerry said Friday in Paris.

He said U.S. officials were fleshing out a series of commitments that will create a ""new security understanding, a new set of security initiatives,""

Standing by his side, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said he expected the summit would lead to ways that ""joint action will be more effective and more expansive in all areas, whether it relates to cybersecurity or defense against ballistic missiles or military training or equipping.""

Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, chairman of the Senate panel overseeing foreign aid, warns against the U.S. offering a massive arms package in exchange for Gulf nations' support of a nuclear deal. Graham, R-S.C., said he isn't opposed to upgrading the military capabilities of Arab allies, but ""if it has a hint of being connected to the Iran deal, I will do everything I can to make sure they never get one bullet or one plane.""

Jon Alterman at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington wonders if there is anything the United States can do that would reassure the Gulf states when it comes to Iranian expansionism in the region.

""It seems to me that where they most want reassurance is where the U.S. is both least able and most unwilling to provide it,"" he said. ""My guess is that the summit is going to leave everybody feeling a little bit unsatisfied.""",1
2171,"Barack Obama, President Oh-bummer","The two presidents stood in the East Room on Tuesday afternoon, united in their goal of defeating the Islamic State but separated by a stylistic gulf as vast as the Atlantic.

On the left, facing the cameras, was François Hollande, war president. He spoke of “cowardly murderers” who “dishonor humanity,” of a “relentless determination to fight terrorism everywhere and anywhere,” of “an implacable joint response,” of “hunting down their leaders” and “taking back the land.”

On the right stood Barack Obama, President Oh-bummer.

“That’s going to be a process that involves hard, methodical work. It’s not going to be something that happens just because suddenly we take a few more airstrikes.”

“It’s going to be hard. And we should not be under any illusions.”

Could the Paris attacks have been prevented?

Obama, in Turkey last week, responded to those who believe he isn’t tough enough on the Islamic State. “Some of them seem to think that if I was just more bellicose in expressing what we’re doing, that that would make a difference,” he said.

Tough talk won’t defeat terrorists — but it will rally a nation. It’s no mere coincidence that the unpopular Hollande’s support has increased during his forceful response to the attacks, while Obama’s poll numbers are down.

The importance of language was very clear at the White House on Tuesday, even in translation.

There was little difference in their strategies for fighting the Islamic State, but Hollande was upbeat and can-do, while Obama was discouraging and lawyerly. It was as if the smoke-’em-out spirit of George W. Bush had been transplanted into the body of a short, pudgy, bespectacled French socialist with wrinkled suit-pants.

From my fourth-row perspective, Obama was still and contained, while Hollande’s sweeping gestures kept setting off bursts of camera-shutter clicks. The Frenchman brought Mediterranean heat (“dismantle and destroy”), while the American was Lake Michigan-cool (“There is a potential convergence of interests between the various parties”).

It’s not as if Obama lacks emotion (he rubbed his face and appeared to blink back tears as Hollande spoke of the young American woman killed in the Paris attacks) or passion (he spoke movingly about the need to admit Syrian refugees). But when he spoke of war and terrorism, it was to play down and reassure. “My fellow Americans, let’s remember we faced greater threats to our way of life before,” he said.

Obama had moments of loft in his lengthy opening statement. He spoke of the “murderous” Islamic State and the “madness” of terrorism as a “scourge that threatens us all.” It “must be destroyed,” he said. But he turned defensive when he reminded everybody that a 65-nation coalition has been fighting the Islamic State “for more than a year,” and he recited its “progress.” Later, Obama said the task was to “accelerate” the “success” already seen. Rather than a new approach, Obama said the United States and allies “must do even more.”

Hollande — whose capital, after all, is the one that was just attacked — had a greater sense of urgency. “The Paris attacks generated a lot of emotion, but that’s not enough,” he said. “We must act. And for a number of days now, I have been trying to convince, convincing all the countries that can act, to do so. . . . Today I am here with Barack so that we can act with greater intensity and coherence as well.”

Asked about Turkey shooting down a Russian military plane, the two men had the same response — to avoid escalation — but voiced it in very different ways. The cerebral Obama said “this underscores the importance of us making sure that we move this political track forward.” The visceral Hollande said, “The only purpose is to fight against terrorism” and the Islamic State.

When Laura Haim of France’s Canal+ TV network asked if there was a deadline for ousting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, both men had the same policy: no timetable. But what they said after that highlighted their different styles.

Hollande spoke of a new era. “There is a new mind-set now,” Hollande said. “And those who believed that we could wait” now realize “the risk is everywhere . . . . We, therefore, must act.”

“Syria has broken down,” he said. “And it is going to be a difficult, long, methodical process to bring back together various factions within Syria to maintain a Syrian state.”

Maybe you can motivate people when you sound so discouraging. But it’s hard.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
2795,Obama's Iran deal is now near certain to survive Congress,"As Congress's vote on a resolution to disapprove the administration's nuclear deal draws ever nearer, the math for President Obama is looking better and better.

The magic number of Senate supporters the president needs to ensure that the deal stands is 34. Currently, he has 30. So he needs to pick up just four more to preserve the agreement — and there are still 14 remaining undecided Democrats in the chamber, several of whom have already made positive comments about the deal. So Obama has a lot of options.

And tellingly, after a month of intense criticism of the deal from the right and from pro-Israel groups, only two Senate Democrats have been swayed to oppose the deal so far: Sens. Chuck Schumer of New York and Bob Menendez of New Jersey. They'll be joined by, it appears, every single Senate Republican.

But that wouldn't be enough to sink the deal. If opponents want to block the sanctions relief that's crucial to the agreement, they need to assemble a two-thirds majority in both the House and the Senate that can override a promised veto from Obama. And that's impossible to reach without a lot of Democratic votes, as I wrote in July:

Deal opponents once hoped that the agreement would become politically toxic, leading to many Democratic defections. But that hasn't happened. Instead, the key swing votes — including some of the most conservative Democrats in the Senate, like Claire McCaskill and Joe Donnelly — have been won over by the administration.

The state of play in the House is tougher for outsiders to gauge, but opponents appear to be well short of the 44 Democratic opponents they need there — just 14 Democrats have said they'll vote to kill the deal, according to the Hill. Again, the deal's opponents would need a veto-proof majority in both the Senate and the House to keep the sanctions in place.

According to a Friday report from Eli Lake and Josh Rogin of Bloomberg View, deal opponents have already resigned themselves to losing the vote eventually. Furthermore, they write, ""Many Republicans now acknowledge in private that they were handed both a political and a policy defeat on the nuclear deal.""

Now that the deal looks so likely to be upheld, the new question is whether Democrats can save President Obama from having to veto it in the first place.

There wouldn't be any policy stakes here — achieving this would simply save the president from the embarrassment of Congress passing a resolution condemning his administration's foreign policy.

For that to happen, 41 Senate Democrats would have to vote to filibuster the GOP's planned disapproval resolution — meaning Obama would need to win over 11 of the remaining 14 undecided Democrats in the chamber. That's a tall order, but given that only two Democratic senators have opposed the deal so far, it doesn't seem completely out of the question.

The vote will likely take place in mid-September. But if you want to keep track yourself beforehand, here are the remaining undecided Democratic senators. Again, the administration needs to win four of their votes to uphold the deal, and 11 for a filibuster that would make a veto unnecessary:",1
3911,"Biden says Ukrainians 'have a right to defend themselves,' mum on US sending weapons","Vice President Joe Biden, in Germany this weekend to help reach a diplomatic solution to Russian aggression in Ukraine, said Ukrainians “have a right to defend themselves"" but did not address the possibility of the United States sending weapons to them.

Biden is in Munich with Secretary of State John Kerry to back the German-French diplomatic effort, which he says is ""very much worth the attempt.""

Biden said he and other U.S. leaders think they should “attempt an honorable peace"" but that they also believe the Ukrainian people ""have a right to defend themselves.""

He suggested that the impact of economic sanctions imposed on Russia for its actions will get worse if leaders refuses to accept a peaceful resolution and continue to escalate the conflict, the White House said Saturday.

Russian military forces started taking control of parts of eastern Ukraine in late-February 2014, after protesters and other Ukrainian residents helped oust Moscow-backed President Viktor Yanukovych. And within weeks, Russian began its ultimately successful effort to annex the eastern Ukraine region of Crimea.

In response to recent calls in Washington and Kiev for the U.S. to give the outgunned Ukrainians such lethal weapons as anti-tank and anti-mortar systems to fight Russian-backed separatists, Moscow said earlier this week that such a move would be a threat to its national security.

While in Munich, Biden also met with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko to discuss the diplomatic efforts and to pledge U.S. support for the Ukraine economy as it pursues reforms, according to the White House.

Still, Biden remains skeptical about whether Russian officials will comply with a diplomatic solution, saying they will be judged by their actions on the ground, ""not by the paper they sign.""

German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande traveled to Kiev on Thursday and Moscow on Friday.

They are trying to secure a peaceful resolution to the conflict based on the Sept. 24, 2014, Minsk agreements.

Poroshenko is pushing for a quick cease-fire and insists that the conflict must be resolved, not frozen.

""There is no temporary solution,” he said at the Munich Security Conference, amid the flurry of international diplomacy to calm the Ukraine conflict.

Poroshenko also renewed Kiev's call to be provided with defensive weapons, something that's opposed by European countries.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
291,John Boehner and the failure to live up to conservative principles,"The announcement by House Speaker John Boehner that he is retiring at the end of October stunned Washington where life is all about grabbing power and holding on to it, often until death they do part.

At a meeting with reporters, Boehner said, “My first job as speaker is to protect the institution.”

Really? Is that why Ohio voters sent him to Washington in 16 elections and his Republican colleagues elected and re-elected him speaker? Did he take an oath to preserve, protect and defend the institution of the House or the Constitution, which, if followed, offers protection enough?

In 2010, I interviewed Boehner when he was minority leader and I asked him to cite the most important lesson he learned when Republicans lost their hard-won House majority in 2006. He replied, “Our team failed to live up to our own principles.”

Failing to live up to GOP principles, indeed, failing to articulate what those principles are, was largely the reason for the increase in conservative members who then demanded either action or the speaker’s head. They got his head. Whether that means his successor will do a better job is open to question.

On July 28, Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) expressed the frustration of many conservatives by filing a “motion to vacate the chair,” for the purpose of ousting Boehner from the speakership. Meadows’ resolution charged Boehner with using “the power of the office to punish Members who vote according to their conscience instead of the will of the speaker,” providing for “voice votes on consequential and controversial legislation to be taken without notice and with few Members present,” using “the legislative calendar to create crises for the American People, in order to compel Members to vote for legislation” and failing to comply with “the spirit of the rules of the House of Representatives, which provide that Members shall have three days to review legislation before voting.” That last one had been a promise made by Republicans, should voters return them to a congressional majority.

Most conservatives understand that with a Democrat in the White House and an insufficient GOP congressional majority to override presidential vetoes they can’t always, or maybe even mostly, have their way. But they would like to see Republicans at least employ some of the tactics Democrats shamelessly use when they hold the majority, such as the “nuclear option” employed in the Senate in 2013, which allowed a majority vote instead of a “supermajority” to advance confirmation votes on judicial nominees and executive branch appointments.

At a minimum, conservative members want to see their convictions articulated by the leadership and to fight the left with conviction in hopes that getting their positions heard will influence voters. Instead, in too many instances, conservatives have seen their views ignored and the Republican leadership in both houses knuckle under to Democrats out of fear of being called names or getting blamed for a government shutdown.

Former Speaker Newt Gingrich notes that previous government shutdowns over matters of principle worked in Republicans’ favor, notwithstanding how they were portrayed by the media. In an email to me, he writes: “We closed the government twice in 1995 and ’96 and became the first re-elected House Republican majority since 1928. Our supporters realized we were serious and rewarded us for the effort. The Republicans closed the government in 2013 and won a big election in 2014.”

In my 2010 interview, Boehner bemoaned the size and cost of big government, saying, “I came here for a smaller, less costly and more accountable government and that has not been what’s happening. We don’t need any more programs; we need to undo a lot of programs.”

On Boehner’s watch, the debt has increased nearly $4 trillion, according to figures published by the U.S. Treasury.

It is one of many reasons conservative voters are increasingly fed-up with Congress and for the rise of “outside” presidential candidates. The frustration cuts both ways and it is also a major reason Boehner has decided now is the time to hang it up before Meadows’ resolution can be put to a vote.

Cal Thomas is America's most widely syndicated op-ed columnist. He joined Fox News Channel in 1997 as a political contributor. His latest book is ""What Works: Common Sense Solutions for a Stronger America"" is available in bookstores now. Readers may email Cal Thomas at tcaeditors@tribune.com.",1
3309,Republicans face challenge in holding on to Senate majority in 2016,"Congratulations, Republicans! You won the Senate majority! Now, can you hold on to it for more than two years?

Looking at the 2016 Senate map, there’s reason for doubt. Republicans will have to defend 24 seats, compared with 10 for Democrats. And the raw numbers don’t even tell the whole story. Seven seats held by Republicans — Florida, Illinois, Iowa, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin — were carried by President Obama in 2008 and 2012. And there is chatter about potential Republican retirements in Arizona and Iowa. If either John McCain or Chuck Grassley decided to call it a career, each of those races would be major Democratic targets.

On the other side of the coin, Republican takeover opportunities are few and far between. By far, the most endangered Democrat is Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, who survived in 2010 but could face Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval (R), who won a second term Tuesday with more than 70 percent of the vote. Reid has said he will run again, although his demotion from majority leader to minority leader might make him rethink those plans. The only other Democrat who starts the 2016 cycle in serious jeopardy is freshman Michael Bennet (Colo.), who, like Reid, was a surprise winner in 2010. The convincing win by Cory Gardner (R) over Sen. Mark Udall (D) on Tuesday in the Rocky Mountain State will undoubtedly energize Republicans, though it’s less clear what the GOP bench looks like in a race against Bennet.

Outside of those two seats, there’s almost no vulnerability on the Democratic side. Even if Sen. Barbara Boxer (Calif.) or Barbara Mikulski (Md.) decide not to run again, both sit in very, very Democratic states — particularly at the federal level.

To win back the Senate majority in two years, Democrats will probably need to net four (if they hold the White House in 2016) or five (if they don’t) seats. Republicans control 52 Senate seats in the 114th Congress, but Sen. Mark Begich (D) is behind by 8,000 votes in Alaska and is likely to lose, and chances for Sen. Mary Landrieu (D) don’t look great in Louisiana’s Dec. 6 runoff.

Gaining five seats is not out of the question for Democrats — though it might be a bit of a stretch — given the Senate map of 2016. Of the 10 most vulnerable seats listed below, Republicans hold eight. The No. 1 race is the most likely to flip party control in 2016.

10. Kentucky (Republican-controlled): As Tuesday’s election showed, Kentucky isn’t exactly fertile ground for Democrats. But something interesting happened even as Mitch McConnell walloped Alison Lundergan Grimes: Democrats held on to their majority in the state House. That means Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) can’t count on changing state law to be able to run for president and Senate at the same time. Hence, a possible open seat.

9. Florida (R): Sen. Marco Rubio (R) has suggested that he won’t run for both president and reelection to the Senate in 2016. If he pursues the former and isn’t on the Senate ballot, this becomes an open-seat race in a true swing state in a presidential year — in other words, a good opportunity for Democrats. If Rubio passes on a White House bid or drops out with enough time to mount a Senate bid, Republicans would probably feel better about holding this seat.

8. Ohio (R): Sen. Rob Portman is one of several Republican members of Congress who have been mentioned (or mentioned themselves) as possible White House contenders. So, this could end up being an open seat. If Portman decides to run for reelection, his deep connections to donors through his work as National Republican Senatorial Committee vice chairman should ensure that he will be a financial behemoth. Portman is not terribly polarizing, and there is no obvious Democratic recruit waiting in the wings.

7. New Hampshire (R): The Granite State was one of the few bright spots for Democrats nationally as Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D) beat back a challenge from Scott Brown. It could be a Senate battleground again in two years if Gov. Maggie Hassan (D), who won reelection Tuesday with 53 percent of the vote, decides to take on freshman Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R). There is also considerable chatter among conservative activists about a primary challenge to Ayotte, though it remains to be seen whether a serious one might materialize. And, just to make things more complicated, Ayotte is likely to be in the vice presidential mix no matter who wins the Republican presidential nomination.

6. North Carolina (R): The GOP picked off a seat here Tuesday. It’s safe to assume, however, that if the environment wasn’t so good for the GOP, Kay Hagan would still be a senator come January. Her colleague, Sen. Richard Burr (R) is up for reelection in 2016, and even if he doesn’t retire — he has raised very little money the past two years, which is usually a precursor to retirement — he is likely to find himself targeted.

5. Colorado (Democrat ic-controlled): Bennet probably doesn’t want to think about 2016 yet. He just finished a stint as chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, during which his party lost the Senate majority and he became the first chairman in more than four decades to lose a home-state colleague in the process. But Bennet won by the narrowest of margins in 2010 and probably would have lost had Ken Buck, the Republican candidate, not said some unhelpful things.

4. Pennsylvania (R): 2010 was about as good a year as a Republican could hope for in Pennsylvania. And Sen. Pat Toomey (R) still won with only 51 percent of the vote. In a presidential year, Toomey’s challenge will be even more serious. Republicans haven’t carried the Keystone State at the presidential level since 1988. One thing working in Toomey’s favor: a relatively weak Democratic bench. State Attorney General Kathleen Kane apparently has no interest in running for the Senate. The only person actively looking at a bid is former congressman Joe Sestak, who lost to Toomey in 2010.

3. Illinois (R): The first big question that needs to get answered in this race is whether Sen. Mark Kirk (R) will run again. Kirk, who suffered a severe stroke in early 2012, has insisted that he plans to seek a second term, but even some Republicans are taking a wait-and-see approach. Democratic speculation — matter what Kirk does — will center on state Attorney General Lisa Madigan, but she seems a much more likely 2018 challenger to Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner (R). Assuming Madigan is a no-go, look for Rep. Tammy Duckworth to be at the top of Democratic wish lists.

2. Nevada (D): Reid will soon no longer be majority leader. The question is whether he wants to be minority leader and whether he sticks around. He’s got bad approval numbers and is staring at a potential matchup with Sandoval. Tuesday’s election was actually pretty big here. Not only did Sandoval cruise to reelection with 71 percent of the vote — 71 percent! — the GOP also cruised in the lieutenant governor’s race, a huge proxy war that Reid badly wanted to win. That means Sandoval can run in 2016 without worrying about the governor’s seat going to a Democrat.

1. Wisconsin (R): Sen. Ron Johnson starts the 2016 election cycle as the most vulnerable senator on the map. He’s undefined in the eyes of many, and he’s running in a state that has gone Democratic in seven straight presidential elections. To boot, there are rumors that Democrat Russ Feingold, whom Johnson unseated in 2010, may run.",1
1972,5 Reasons Cruz Announced His Candidacy Early,"Texas Sen. Ted Cruz has apparently had enough of the fig leaf most presidential candidates wear as their unofficial spring costume the year before the election actually happens.

That is a bold stroke, but entirely in keeping with the go-for-broke style the junior senator from Texas has exhibited since first challenging the Republican establishment's candidate for the Senate in 2012.

Cruz, who officially announced his candidacy for president in a midnight Monday tweet and video, has not been the buzz candidate so far in the party's 2016 discussions — nor the media's. In fact, he has seemed at times a bit of a faded rose, a skyrocket that spent much of its sparkle. There was the debacle over his brinkmanship in the 2013 government shutdown. That was followed by countless run-ins with Republican colleagues in the Senate.

But Cruz is still a barnburner on the hustings and a potential game changer in the presidential contest. While he is not among the leaders in national polls of Republicans, he has an undeniable appeal to the base voters, who dominate in primaries — especially in red states. And polls at this stage are largely meaningless.

So it makes sense for him to step out early and go big doing it. In fact, there are at least five good reasons for him to make his move as the first major full-fledged candidate.

1. Cruz needs to cut through the noise and confusion created by the expanding GOP field. Given all the talk on the right about finding a fresh face, why not give the media one relatively fresh face to focus on right now? In recent days, the campaign theme on the Republican side has been, ""The more the merrier."" That may be great grist for the media's mill — as we love to do candidate profiles and lists that look like brackets for the NCAA basketball tournament. But that's not helping Cruz. As static about countless prospective candidacies has grown, Cruz has struggled to get his signal through. Cruz had hoped his status as the enfant terrible of the Senate's backbench would make him newsworthy in early 2015. But right now that distinction has been commandeered by Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas, who is seven years younger than Cruz (and has been in the Senate less than three months).

2. Getting in first should help Cruz raise money. The biggest challenge facing Cruz at the moment is money. And the fastest way to raise real money is to get out there with a real campaign and ask for it. His home state is one of the top sources of political money, of course, as it has been for decades. But Cruz is competing for Texas donors with former Gov. Rick Perry, who has been aggressive about locking down oil money and other wealthy politicos in the Lone Star state, much as he did in his first campaign four years ago. Rand Paul also has a claim on many Texas dollars, having grown up in the state his father served in Congress. The Paul name is still highly revered by many Texas conservatives. Jeb Bush and other candidates will also find adherents here, so Cruz needs to defend his home court aggressively.

3. Skipping the ""exploratory committee"" phase cuts through the usual persiflage that surrounds nascent candidacies. If you're running and you know it, why not say so? Real men needn't horse around with exploratory committees. Aren't average news consumers confused by the dance of seven veils that all those coy candidates perform every four years? More serious students of the process may appreciate the nuances and legal uses of shadow campaigns, but even they often find them to be annoying ploys to prompt multiple ""announcement"" stories. So dispensing with this business serves not only to elevate the seriousness of the Cruz bid, but also to reinforce his image as a straight shooter, a regular guy who calls things by their right names. The Cruz campaign manifesto, just now hitting the stores, is titled A Time for Truth.

4. The early declaration bolsters Cruz's bid to be the standard-bearer for the party's conservative activists. There are many wannabes who'd like to run in this lane. Indeed, only a few are going the other way and appealing to the straight-up establishment side of the party (Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, Marco Rubio). So, to hold off the legion of competitors on the right, Cruz needs to break the tape and stand apart from the mere prospects, such as Rick Santorum, Mike Pence, Mike Huckabee, Bobby Jindal and others who would be his natural rivals on the right, if they decide to run. Getting in early may discourage some of this crowd — and also serve to eclipse some of the boutique candidates such as Ben Carson and Carly Fiorina.

5. The sooner Cruz gets in, the longer his long-shot candidacy will last. Even if he is washed up after the first four voting events, he will have had 10 months of formal candidacy now that he's in. That should be enough not only to test the market but to maximize his media exposure. Not all his media attention will be positive, of course, but Cruz thrives on attacks and uses them to enhance his credentials as a crusader for the cause. It might well serve Cruz to battle through the first few primaries, bow out relatively early and return as a ticket-balancer at convention time. The most overlooked element of the presidential nominating game is that it has two winners: the presidential nominee and the running mate. The candidates always deny interest in it, but scarcely anyone ever turns down the VP spot when it's offered. There is no better springboard to the top of the national ticket than the lower half of that ticket.",1
1756,The GOP farce plods along: Why last night’s interminable debate was an affront to the party’s patron saint,"Of course, all the contenders genuflected at the memory of Reagan while trashing President Obama’s Iran deal — yet nobody mentioned Reagan’s role in bolstering the Iranian hardliners by violating an embargo to sell them arms in exchange for help to the Nicaraguan contras and a possible hostage release.

We learned as well that when it comes to Donald Trump vs. the right wing media, it’s Trump 2, conservative media personalities 0. Just like Trump got Fox to bow to him after he savaged Megyn Kelly following the last debate, he humiliated radio host Hugh Hewitt – unbelievably, a “panelist” at this CNN debate — by getting Hewitt to say that it wasn’t Trump’s fault that he confused the Kurds with the Quds force. “It was my fault,” Hewitt told MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” and he seconded that Thursday night.

Hewitt also lobbed a softball question to Trump (which he actually kind of flubbed) giving him a chance to blast President Obama’s Syria policy, and some of his 2016 rivals for not supporting military intervention in 2013. It looked as if Trump’s campaign against Hewitt as a “third-rate” radio host asking “gotcha” questions – backed by Rush Limbaugh and Ann Coulter – actually worked.

Oh, if you’re waiting for me to tell you definitively who “won” the debate, and who might begin to rise or fall in the polls as a result? I’m sorry, I really have no idea. Dr. Ben Carson looked like he confused his One-A-Day vitamin with Lunesta; he was barely able to keep his eyes open and talked in sleepy non-sequiturs. But I thought Carson blew the last debate, and he rose in the polls. So what do I know?

Jeb Bush clearly had another mediocre night, which he can’t afford. He came out kind of peppy – even Trump praised his “energy” – and accused Trump of exactly the kind of special interest lobbying he rails against, saying the real estate mogul gave him money back when he ran for governor, and then unsuccessfully lobbied to place casinos in Florida. But Trump denied it and loudly talked over Bush; there was brief confusion about whether the former governor was telling the truth (PolitiFact later confirmed it); and the moment faded.

Likewise, Bush was later given a chance by CNN’s Jake Tapper to call Trump out on a Twitter insult to Bush’s Mexican-born wife Columba. Bush started strong, demanding an apology, but then faded again as Trump filibustered.

But Bush’s worst moment was when Hewitt asked him – in another kindness to Trump – about the fact that a lot of his foreign policy advisors worked for his brother, the last GOP president, who got us into disastrous wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Trump then jabbed Bush – “Your brother, and your brother’s administration, gave us Barack Obama” – which led Bush to retort, “My brother kept us safe.” As if he didn’t remember his brother was president during the Sept. 11 attacks. It was that kind of night for Jeb!

Trump didn’t have a great night either, but he has one thing in common with Reagan – so far he’s seemed to share an impermeable outer political coating with the Teflon president. He engaged in a juvenile spat with Rand Paul early on that ended in his insulting Paul’s looks, and looking kind of silly. Carly Fiorina absolutely owned him when she was asked about the episode when Trump clearly insulted her appearance —  ‘Look at that face!’ he told Rolling Stone. ‘Would anyone vote for that?” — then insisted he was actually talking about her “persona.”

“Women all over this country heard very clearly what Mr. Trump said,” Fiorina shot back. “I think she’s got a beautiful face and I think she’s a beautiful woman,” Trump countered, with characteristic sexism, but looking uncharacteristically sheepish. This was an establishment crowd, heavy on donors, and they were tougher on Trump than the Fox audience was. Perhaps most damaging, Trump himself seemed relatively “low-energy” – his constant jibe against Bush. He told reporters later that it was his attempt at looking presidential, but whatever: he was much less a factor than in the last GOP go-round. Still, pundits have predicted Trump’s decline before, including after his boorish performance in the last debate, and they’ve been wrong. Trump himself crowed about a Drudge Report poll showing him the winner of the debate, again. That poll was right last time, so who knows. Once again, lots of the punditocracy claimed Sen. Marco Rubio was one of the debate winners, but that’s crazy. The young Florida senator fell flat on his face with an early joke about the California drought: “I brought my own water!” he said with a big dumb smile. That was a twofer: He made fun of a local tragedy on a day when the death toll of the state’s drought-fueled wildfires continued to mount, and he reminded everyone of his humiliating big-gulp moment when he got to reply to Obama’s State of the Union address two years ago. When Trump dinged Rubio – accurately — for having the worst absentee record in the Senate, Rubio essentially defended it by saying Congress isn’t getting anything done. So he stopped doing his job because it was frustrating? In the real world, he’d get fired. Score one for Trump. Anyway, lots of smart-ish folks thought Rubio did well in the last debate to0, but he went nowhere in the polls. Fiorina probably had the best night — if you don’t fact check anything she said. She flat out lied about what the doctored, bogus Planned Parenthood videos showed, claiming they featured a still living intact aborted fetus, killed for its organs, when they did no such thing. When she insisted she’d call Iran’s Supreme Leader to call off the recent nuclear deal on her first day as president, the CNN moderators missed a chance to ask her why, as CEO of Hewlett Packard, she skirted anti-Iran sanctions — rather like the night’s patron saint, Ronald Reagan — and sold hundreds of millions of dollars worth of equipment to the anti-U.S. regime. She was allowed to misrepresent her awful HP record, and inaccurately trash Hillary Clinton on Benghazi and her controversial email practices. Still, she’s a poised, practiced debater, and she may get another small bump in the polls. I don’t think any of the rest, including the occasionally statesmanlike John Kasich, did enough last night to significantly change their campaign standing. Gov. Scott Walker was a bit more energetic but probably didn’t make enough of an impression to reverse his sinking fortunes. Sen. Ted Cruz and Gov. Mike Huckabee continued stridently narrow-casting to the far-right evangelical community, which might matter if Trump suddenly left the field. But the twice divorced libertine billionaire and born-again Republican is leading among that group, too. Whoops, I haven’t mentioned the pumped up, inauthentic “It’s not about me, guys” flailing New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. Oh well. Now I have. At any rate, the seemingly interminable three-hour debate – I accidentally typed “three-month debate,” because that’s how it felt – worked against anyone who had a good moment or two. Still, remember that most post-debate predictions were wrong last time. Once again, we learned that the GOP has moved far to the right of Ronald Reagan – but little else.",1
4120,"Fuming over Ryan, some conservative voices turn on the Freedom Caucus","Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) has been able to count on his Facebook page for stalwart support during his long-running battle with the House Republican leadership, including a successful effort to oust House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio).

“Keep up the great work,” read a comment posted last week. “We the people thank you for ridding us of John Boehner!”

But in recent days, the tone of the comments on Meadows’s page, and those of the other members of the hard-right House Freedom Caucus, have changed significantly.

“You truly should be ashamed,” one commenter wrote Thursday. “The people in the caucus will be held responsible come election day.”

“You should all be replaced,” a critic told Rep. Barry Loudermilk (R-Ga.). Another called Rep. Raúl R. Labrador (R-Idaho), one of the most persistent thorns in Boehner’s side, “a RINO establishment lap dog” and “another go-along to get along phony who will GLADLY step on the throats of the Conservative electorate.”

Things may never be the same for the Freedom Caucus after most of its members moved last week to support Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) as the next House speaker. Suddenly, they may not be conservative enough for some in the party.

The groundswell of support from hard-core conservative voters that emboldened the group as it battled Boehner and the GOP establishment seemed to subside for the first time in months. That has put its members in the unfamiliar position of defending their right flank.

“Look, I imagine that there’s theoretically a chance that [we] all went from being radical extremist crazies to Washington sellouts in 12 hours,” said Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.), a Freedom Caucus leader. “But maybe a more likely narrative is that we really think that this is a good step for the conservative movement. And it’s up to us to try to explain that to people, and that’s what we’ve been doing.”

They would seem to have a lot of explaining to do.

The anger over Ryan’s ascent has been fueled by voices across the conservative media landscape. On the Internet, sites such as Breitbart.com and the Drudge Report have pumped out a steady stream of anti-Ryan stories casting doubt on his record, while such prominent commentators as Erick Erickson, Ann Coulter and Mickey Kaus have sharpened their teeth and urged conservatives to contact lawmakers and tell them to spurn Ryan.

Particularly brutal have been the syndicated talk-radio hosts who have helped foment the anti-establishment outrage that has kept Donald Trump atop the GOP presidential race and forced Jeb Bush, a well-financed mainstream conservative, to undertake a campaign shake-up.

Laura Ingraham last week called Ryan “basically John Boehner with better abs” and featured segment after segment attacking Ryan’s positions on trade and immigration. She also mocked his desire to spend his weekends with his family.

Another influential host, Mark Levin, lambasted Ryan as a creature of the establishment elite. “I think it’s time, ladies and gentlemen, to choose a speaker from outside the House of Representatives,” he told his audience Wednesday. “This is the best the Republican establishment can do; it’s just not good enough.”

And the biggest conservative talker of them all, Rush Limbaugh, on Thursday called Ryan a favorite of the Republican “donor class” and “the new Cantor” — a reference to former House majority leader Eric Cantor, who was ousted last year in a GOP primary.

Meanwhile, the man who did the ousting — Rep. Dave Brat (R-Va.) — counts himself among the roughly 70 percent of Freedom Caucus members who say they are willing to support Ryan.

“When they make decisions, it’s not in haste,” Brat said of the caucus. “And so I would ask the American people: Hold your fire. Wait till you see exactly what our group is doing, and I think you’ll see that it’s coherent, it makes sense.”

One problem for Brat and his Freedom Caucus colleagues is that Ryan has remained mum for the most part on his intentions. When he spoke to the House Republican Conference on Tuesday, Ryan set out conditions for agreeing to serve as speaker, including an end to the House rule allowing a speaker to be ousted by a simple majority.

Ryan appeared to soften on that point in meetings with lawmakers later in the week, and Freedom Caucus members say Ryan privately discussed other concessions, including a restructuring of the House Republican steering committee and adherence to the “Hastert rule” requiring a majority of Republicans to support any measure put on the floor.

But Ryan mentioned none of those items in the letter he sent to colleagues Thursday agreeing to serve. He opted instead for gauzy generalities: “We can make the House a more open and inclusive body — one where every member can contribute to the legislative process. We can rally House Republicans around a bold agenda that will tackle the country’s problems head on. And we can show the country what a common-sense conservative agenda looks like.”

That has left a cadre of tea party insurgents, most elected no more than five years ago, in the position of defending their willingness to trust implicitly a 17-year incumbent with a long record of negotiating spending deals with Democrats and backing immigration reform measures that are deeply unpopular on the right.

The latter has proved to be especially toxic for Ryan in conservative circles, to the point that his chief partner in pushing reform legislation, Rep. Luis V. Gutierrez (D-Ill.), said he “had Republican members who are friends of mine saying: ‘Don’t say anything good about Paul Ryan! Don’t say anything at all about Paul Ryan!’ ”

“There’s a small group that wields an inordinate influence and power over the group,” Gutierrez added. “They are slaves and captives to Laura Ingraham.”

Meadows said Thursday that he and like-minded members were more concerned that Ryan might have made contradictory pledges to different groups while courting support last week. And he suggested that Ryan might be at risk of fraying the House GOP anew if he didn’t make a clearer statement before Thursday’s speaker vote.

“It’s important that a down payment be made in order to keep that supermajority intact,” he said.

A handful of House hard-liners, perhaps 10 to 15, remain proudly outside the pro-Ryan camp; most continue to back Rep. Daniel Webster (R-Fla.), a backbencher who has emphasized procedural reforms.

“I don’t know what they’re thinking, really,” Rep. Thomas Massie (R-Ky.), a Webster backer, said of the Freedom Caucus.

“If you’ve got problems with a man today, and the man tells you, ‘Tomorrow, I’ll be a different person’ — it doesn’t happen,” said Rep. Walter B. Jones (R-N.C.), who said he has received more than 100 calls over two days from constituents opposing Ryan.

But others say they are willing to take the heat from the base. Commentators and activists might be exercised about Ryan’s immigration positions, they say, but lawmakers are more focused on how he’ll run the House.

Rep. Matt Salmon (R-Ariz.) noted that Webster, whom the Freedom Caucus had previously endorsed for speaker, is not considered to be particularly conservative.

“It never was about the most perfect guy with the most perfect voting record; it’s about the person that’s willing to govern in a way that allows conservative ideas to at least come to the forefront, which he has said he is willing to do,” Salmon said. “I think conservatives all over the country ought to be doing cartwheels. . . . We’ve been dealing with eating crumbs off the table. Now we’ve got an opportunity to sit at the table and actually partake in the meal.”

Some simply say they are confident that their constituents will trust them to make the right decision. Rep. Ken Buck (R-Colo.) said calls to his office were running 2 to 1 against Ryan, but he said passions were at “a much lower level” than after he voted for Boehner in January.

Asked Thursday if he expects pitchforks back home, Buck said he did not: “I’m the guy with the pitchfork.”",1
3951,Germany's Merkel backs tighter refugee rules amid sex assault protests,"As demonstrations erupted in Cologne on Saturday over New Year's Eve sexual assaults and robberies blamed largely on foreigners, Chancellor Angela Merkel called for stricter laws regulating asylum seekers.

Merkel, who has been particularly outspoken in welcoming refugees to Germany, told a two-day meeting of the Christian Democrats in Mainz that tighter restrictions would be ""in the interest of citizens, but also in the interests of the great majority of the refugees who are here,” Deutsche Presse-Agentur reported.

""When crimes are committed, and people place themselves outside the law ... there must be consequences,"" she told reporters after the meeting, the BBC reported.

Party leaders agreed on a proposal to strengthen the ability of police to conduct checks of identity papers, and also to exclude foreigners from being granted asylum who had been convicted of crimes and sentenced to terms even as light as probation. The measures would require approval by parliament.

The sharper tone follows reports in Cologne that some 1,000 men — many intoxicated — robbed, sexually assaulted and in some cases raped women during celebrations on New Year's Eve.

""Refugees, asylum seekers, migrants, foreigners, friendly or evil, new or long-time residents: It doesn't matter,"" the newsmagazine Der Spiegel said in an editorial. ""It seems as though the time has come for a broad debate over Germany's future — and Merkel's mantra 'We can do it,' is no longer enough to suppress it.""

Police initially identified the suspects as up to 1,000 men ""of Middle Eastern origin,” but later backtracked as public officials cautioned there was little information on whether those involved were migrants. Of the 32 suspects identified by police in Cologne, 22 are asylum seekers, the German Interior Ministry said.

One suspect was carrying a document with Arabic-German translations of sexist phrases and threats, which mass-circulation tabloid Bild published on Saturday.

As the uproar over the assaults gathered strength, thousands of demonstrators, from the left and right, turned out in Cologne for a day of protests Saturday.

The protesters included the anti-Islamic PEGIDA movement and the right-wing extremist Pro Cologne party. At one point, police fired tear gas and used water cannon to break up a PEGIDA rally after protesters threw firecrackers and bottles at officers, Agence France-Presse reported.

One group carried signs saying, ""No violence against women."" Another banner read, ""Migrants out.""

Demonstrators from the political left chanted, ""Say it loud, say it clear, refugees are welcome here,"" Buzzfeed reported.

Some 1,700 police, many in riot gear, were on hand to control the crowds, the DPA news agency reported.",1
343,Human remains found as search continues for 11 service members involved in helicopter crash,"Human remains washed ashore Wednesday, as officials continued their search for seven Marines and four soldiers in waters off the Florida Panhandle, where a military helicopter had crashed during a training exercise.

“We have confirmed that we have had some human remains wash ashore in the area where our search and rescue team have begun a larger scale operation,” Andrew Bourland, a spokesman for the Eglin Air Force Base, told The Washington Post.

Bourland also said that debris from the aircraft had been located.

The Army UH-60 Black Hawk is believed to have gone down in the water and foggy conditions were reported in the area at the time of the crash, though it is too soon to say what might have caused the mishap.

At a Wednesday afternoon news conference, Maj. Gen. Glenn H. Curtis, the Adjutant General for the Louisiana National Guard, said the Black Hawk pilots had thousands of hours of flight experience and were “instructor pilots,” which indicates that they were experienced and qualified enough to train other pilots.

According to Curtis, it is one of the highest designations pilots in the Army can receive.

A second Black Hawk that participated in the exercise returned to base after take-off due to the weather conditions, Curtis said.  That helicopter landed safely and all personnel on board were accounted for.

“One of them started to take off and realized that the weather was a condition then turned around and came back,” said Curtis, who spoke from Hammond, La.

According to a Pentagon official who spoke anonymously to the Associated Press nearly 12 hours after the craft was reported missing, all 11 service members are presumed dead.

Foggy conditions in the search area have made the operation more difficult, Bourland told The Post. But with the break of dawn, efforts ramped up.

“We’ve got some daylight, but it is overcast and quite foggy,” Bourland said earlier on Wednesday. “It is having an impact on getting the full-scale rescue moving now.”

Local authorities, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, and the Coast Guard were involved in the search efforts, according to a news release.

The helicopter carrying highly trained Marines in a special operations unit, was on a night training mission outside the base, which is near Valparaiso, Fla. Crews were dispatched after the Eighth Coast Guard District Command Center got a report of a downed military aircraft late Tuesday evening, the release stated. A “debris field consistent with a military aircraft” was located at around 1:30 a.m. CST on Wednesday,  according to the Coast Guard release.

The helicopter does contain a flight data recorder, the Army said on Wednesday, that can be recovered as investigators try to determine what caused the accident.

“Our thoughts and prayers are with the friends and family of the members involved in this incident,” Layne Carter, search and rescue mission coordinator, said in the release. “We are aggressively searching for possible survivors involved in the crash.”

The Marines are part of a Camp Lejeune-based special operations group and the soldiers are from an Army National Guard unit based out of Hammond, La.

“Our thoughts and prayers are with the Marines, soldiers and family members of those involved in this mishap. We are working closely with all parties involved to locate our Marines and the Army aircrew as soon as possible,” Maj. Gen. Joseph Osterman, commander of U.S. Marine Corps Forces, Special Operations Command said in a statement.

Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, on Wednesday told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that the crash reinforces the fact that military personnel are “at risk whether in training or in combat.”

“Our thoughts and prayers with them,” Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter said, while speaking on Capitol Hill.

The names of the aircrew and Marines are being withheld while the search and rescue mission is ongoing.

“Today, as you can imagine, is a tough day for the Louisiana National Guard and the Marine Corps,” Curtis said. “At this hour, our priorities are search and rescue for our soldiers and Marines. And secondly to take care of our families. This will remain a search and rescue operation.”

[This post has been updated multiple times.]",1
170,Warring Senate and House Republicans see peacemaker in Ryan,"Notable names include Ray Washburne (Commerce), a Dallas-based investor, is reported to be under consideration to lead the department.",1
685,"Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton battle for California","San Diego (CNN) Hillary Clinton is back in the Golden State. Bernie Sanders, seemingly, has been living here.

The former secretary of state begins a five-day swing through California on Thursday that she hopes will result in a victory that convinces Sanders and his supporters that it's time to unite against Donald Trump.

But Sanders shows no signs of going away. The Vermont senator, who has used a bus to traverse the state, headlined over 27 rallies and forums last month, and is expected to have a jam packed schedule the week before Tuesday's primary.

Clinton had planned to campaign this week in New Jersey ahead of that state's Tuesday primary, but the campaign decided instead to fly to San Diego for a speech on foreign policy that will also go directly after Trump, as well as tout her own experience as secretary of state.

Clinton will argue that the choice in 2016 ""goes beyond partisanship"" because Trump is ""unlike any presidential nominee we've seen in modern times and he is fundamentally unfit for the job,"" Jake Sullivan, Clinton's senior policy adviser, said in a statement.

The speech shows the predicament Clinton is currently in: She is committing five days to battle Sanders in California, a solidly Democratic general election state, while also trying to focus on the presumptive GOP nominee.

""I wonder why Secretary Clinton and her husband Bill are back in California,"" Sanders sarcastically told reporters Wednesday in Spreckels, California. ""I thought we had lost it. It was all over but I guess Secretary Clinton maybe is looking at some polling would suggest otherwise.""

The non-stop campaigning -- coupled with a small ad buy, dozens of surrogate events and targeted get out the vote efforts -- is more than Clinton's senior aides expected to commit to California months ago.

Aides acknowledge Clinton could lose the state, despite polls showing her up narrowly. Internal polling has Clinton up double digits in New Jersey, aides said, and their thinking is that it ""doesn't make sense"" to be in the Garden State while the race in California is still ""tight.""

""Clearly California is a big state and I am going to do everything I can to meet as many voters as possible,"" Clinton told CNN on Tuesday. ""I was proud today to be endorsed by Gov. Jerry Brown and we are going to keep working as diligently and tirelessly as we can to get as much voters to turn out and vote for me next Tuesday.""

""I will tell you that in every state that we have gone into, we have taken on the entire Democratic establishment,"" Sanders said in response to a question about Brown's endorsement. ""It's not surprising to me that, you know, we will have the Democratic establishment supporting Hillary Clinton.""

At the same time, the former secretary of state doesn't need to win California — or even come that close — to win the nomination on Tuesday.

Clinton currently needs 70 delegates to clinch the Democratic nomination, according to CNN's estimate, a number she is likely to win from the New Jersey primary. Because results from New Jersey will come in hours before California, top aides assume that most news networks will call the Democratic Primary on Tuesday before results come in from the West Coast. And since delegates are awarded proportionally — this isn't winner-take-all as some of the big GOP contests were -- a Sanders win in California wouldn't make a much of a dent in her lead.

But Clinton aides said they were aware that losing California to Sanders would be embarrassing for her campaign and could hand the Vermont senator the needed momentum to justify staying in the race through Democratic convention in July.

Sanders has continued to rail on the superdelegate system throughout California, blasting the ""Democratic establishment"" for allowing Democratic elected officials and party insiders to have a vote in who the party nominates.

""It is a pretty dumb system,"" Sanders said in Monterey, California on Tuesday about the fact so many party insiders are behind Clinton. ""It's an unfair system, it's a dumb system, and it's a system we will change.""

But Sanders, with a win in California, hopes he will be able to turn the system to his advantage. Sanders and his aides have argued for weeks that a win in California will help the Vermont senator convince super delegates currently backing Clinton to support him instead.

So far, though, the effort has been largely fruitless: Clinton has maintained a sizeable superdelegate lead and Sanders has only been able to flip one delegate.

In an attempt to lower the stakes in California, the Clinton campaign has instructed surrogates to say that they ""expect"" California to be a close contest, but to downplay its importance in picking the eventual nominee.

""Even if Senator Sanders wins each of the remaining contests by 32 points, Hillary Clinton will still have earned the majority of pledged delegates and popular vote,"" read talking points distributed to supporters on Tuesday.

Clinton will continue to largely ignore Sanders in California, aides said, a tactic Clinton employed in late May during a string of events in Los Angeles and the Bay Area.

Her speech Thursday will begin drawing from her record as secretary of state, defending what some Republicans have said will be a liability for her in a race against Trump.

""She will reflect on her experience making the tough calls and doing the hard work of protecting our country,"" Sullivan said. ""She'll reaffirm her conviction that strong, principled American leadership makes both the United States and the world more secure.""

Sullivan added: ""And you will hear in her speech a confidence in America and our capacity to overcome the challenges we face while staying true to our values -- a strong contrast to Donald Trump's incessant trash-talking of America.""

Sanders, however, is expected to continue to draw contrast with Clinton as primary day in California gets closer. He spent Wednesday hitting Clinton for opposing an outright ban on hydraulic fracturing, a controversial drilling tactic.

""Sec. Clinton does not support a ban on fracking,"" Sanders tweeted on Wednesday. ""Instead, she would simply impose a few more regulations on it. Not good enough.""",1
1975,Who's Winning The 2016 Race — On Facebook And Twitter?,"Who's Winning The 2016 Race — On Facebook And Twitter?

While the 2016 presidential hopefuls are hitting the road in places like Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina, the race is also taking off on social media.

Let's start with Twitter: With nearly 3 million Twitter followers, Hillary Clinton is way ahead of the other potential candidates:

Clinton only started tweeting in June 2013, and she tweets sparingly — though she seems to be ramping up this week. It's a calculated mix of her opinions on political news, photos from her travels and work to empower women and girls as well as family photos.

It was on Twitter that she finally posted a long-anticipated response to her recent email debacle on March 4: ""I want the public to see my email. I asked State to release them. They said they will review them for release as soon as possible."" That tweet received more than 10,000 favorites. This week she got more political, weighing in on the House Republicans' budget, and expressing frustration that the Senate is stuck on a bill that would create a fund for human trafficking victims and is continuing to block Loretta Lynch's confirmation as attorney general.

Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky is taking the lead on Facebook. Paul's politician page has 1.9 million likes and 228,537 people were ""talking"" about him as of Tuesday:

In his Facebook posts, he can be seen behind podiums and on political trips. He also links to articles and video clips he's featured in and infographics that express his views on topics from legalizing marijuana to Loretta Lynch. He also denounces his (potential future) competition.

But it seems Clinton isn't even in the game on Facebook. She doesn't have a verified Facebook page, just a topic page with more than 400,000 likes. That's still more than Jeb Bush's 163,000, even though he appears to be doing all the right things — using hashtags, tagging friends like Benjamin Netanyahu, and posting selfies, baby pictures and vintage photos of his mom, Barbara Bush, and his wife, Columba:

While verified public pages could not be found for some — Vice President Joe Biden, former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley or former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum — many had more than one verified account. For example, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (who has said she will not run) has two Twitter handles: @senwarren and @elizabethforma; one is her official Twitter account as senator of Massachusetts and the other is her official personal account, in which she describes herself as senator. In one photo, she wears a pink blazer and in the other a blue blazer. The difference in looks is subtle, but she divides the content — on one account she tweets politics and on the other she cheers on the Patriots.

All the numbers so far pale in comparison to accounts that are making big waves on Facebook or Twitter (see Katy Perry's 66 million or President Obama's 56 million followers). But the 2016 race is still, technically, anybody's game — so the next great social candidate might just be one good tweet or selfie away.",1
510,Morning Plum: Will GOP pay any political price for budgetary hocus-pocus?,"Congressional Republicans face a major test this week as they seek to pass a budget that makes both fiscal and defense “hawks” happy, and the big story right now is that Republicans may not resolve the impasse between the warring camps. But they very well might — and at that point, a bruising political battle with Democrats will unfold as Republicans move towards a Congressional vote on repealing Obamacare (a key pillar of the GOP fiscal blueprint) and a possible presidential veto looms.

Gearing up for the fight to come, the Senate Democratic caucus will release a report this morning that previews how they will prosecute the political case.

First, though, Republicans have to find a way to unify. Politico and Roll Call report this morning that the House GOP leadership will try a new strategy to resolve their internal divisions.

Here’s how it will work: The House will hold votes on both a budget that the fiscal “hawks” want (which would balance the budget in 10 years with no new revenues and less defense spending) and on a budget that the defense “hawks” want (which would balance the budget in 10 years with no new revenues and more defense spending, while not counting it as spending that busts the sequester caps conservatives want to keep in place). Such are the parameters of responsible GOP budgeting in this Congress.

Whichever gets more votes will be the winner, whereupon the effort will begin to reconcile that budget with the Senate GOP version (presuming one passes). If Republicans fail to unify, there will be countless stories about their failure to govern, and it will raise the possibility of a lot more chaos ahead. But if they do agree on a budget, a whole new chapter begins.

Thus, the forthcoming report from the Senate Democratic Policy and Communications Center will argue that the spending cuts that are detailed in the GOP blueprints — such as the repeal of Obamacare (while keeping its savings) and the block-granting of Medicaid to states — would “take affordable health coverage away from millions of Americans.” And it will argue that, to get to its goal of balance within 10 years with no new revenues, the House and Senate GOP fiscal blueprints go to extraordinary lengths to conceal the real impact of the spending cuts that would be required to accomplish that goal:

Says Senator Chuck Schumer: “Fuzzy math, sleight of hand, and arithmetic acrobatics can disguise but not change the fact that the Republican budgets would devastate programs that the middle class relies upon.” Meanwhile, the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities calculates that 69 percent of the cuts in the GOP budgets would have to fall on programs helping people with lower incomes.

But will Republicans pay any political price for any of this? One key thing to watch will be how GOP Senators up for reelection in states carried by Obama handle the politics of it. Meanwhile, most House Republicans are cossetted away in safe districts where GOP voters are presumably happy to be told that it’s perfectly possible to balance the budget in 10 years with no new taxes while hiking defense spending, with the vast bulk of any cuts (to the degree that they’re detailed at all) falling on people with low incomes, even as relatively few of the cuts hit programs that serve older Americans.

* ISRAEL SPIED ON IRAN TALKS: The Wall Street Journal reports that senior White House officials learned soon after negotiations began over Iran’s nuclear program began that Israel was spying on the talks, as part of a broader effort to undermine the possibility of a deal:

This could conceivably give some skittish Congressional Democrats the cover they need to side with Obama on any eventual nuclear deal with Iran. On the other hand, the Benjamin Netanyahu speech arranged by Congressional Republicans was supposed to accomplish that, too, but it’s still unclear whether it will.

* ISRAELI AMBASSADOR LOBBIES HOUSE DEMS: Meanwhile, Politico reports that Israeli ambassador Ron Dermer held a dinner last night with a number of House Democrats. According to one of them

This is yet another reminder that, if there is a deal with Iran, many Democrats may find themselves forced to choose between the Israeli government and the Obama-led one.

* VOTE ON LORETTA LYNCH DELAYED UNTIL MID-APRIL? Bloomberg News reports that Senate Republicans may not put up Loretta Lynch’s nomination as attorney general for a vote until at least mid-April, because of a partisan dispute over a human trafficking bill. Democrats are filibustering it due to an anti-abortion provision; Republicans are saying Lynch won’t move until that dispute is resolved.

That would mean the vote on Lynch could come five months after she was first nominated. While Lynch would be the first female African American attorney general, the delay could also make history in another way, one that doesn’t reflect particularly well on Republicans.

* CAMP HILLARY IS PSYCHED ABOUT CRUZ PRESIDENTIAL RUN: Hillary advisers think Ted Cruz’s presidential announcement is very much in her interests:

Well, okay. It’s not clear to me that the lack of any serious challenge to Clinton will end up benefiting her, but we’ll see.

* THE NEXT CONSERVATIVE ATTACK ON JEB BUSH: Byron York previews it: Conservative activists are complaining that Jeb Bush, turning his years in business after his tenure as Florida governor, was not vocal enough in publicly joining the Republicans’ “desperate attempt to stop Obamacare.”

Ted Cruz launched his presidential run on the premise that only he possesses the heroism and perseverance required to fully vanquish Obama’s efforts to destroy America. Watch for the “where were you while there was still a chance to defeat Obamacare BEFORE it began enslaving millions?” line to emerge as a key attack.

* AND OBAMACARE IS A DISASTER, PART 973: The Associated Press reports:

Better get the Supreme Court to do something about this right quick!",1
5188,Trump’s starting to panic: Corey Lewandowsi fired as campaign manager amid huge staff shakeup,"With the average of polls showing rival Hillary Clinton ahead six percentage points less than a month before the GOP convention in Cleveland, embattled Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has been fired.

“The Donald J. Trump Campaign for President, which has set a historic record in the Republican Primary having received almost 14 million votes, has today announced that Corey Lewandowski will no longer be working with the campaign,” the campaign spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, said in a statement, according to the New York Times. “The campaign is grateful to Corey for his hard work and dedication and we wish him the best in the future.”

According to NBC News, Trump called Lewandowski this morning to inform him of his firing after an emergency meeting with family members and top advisers to right the ship, and to plot a more serious campaign strategy.

The announcement comes hours after an explosive GQ profile of Hicks revealed disturbing incidents of alleged abuse directed at the 27-year-old national press secretary from Lewandowski.

“You made a big f***ing mistake; you’re f***ing dead to me,” Lewandowski allegedly told Hicks after she expressed interest in leaving the campaign recently, bringing her to tears, according to former Trump operative Sam Nunberg. While Lewandowski denied GQ’s reporting, the hotheaded campaign manager, of course, first grabbed the spotlight away from his boss when he was arrested for yanking a female Breitbart writer, an act he denied happened but was caught on camera. While the charges were eventually dropped, Trump remained loyal and committed to Lewandowski even as reports emerged that Lewandowski had a history of making abusive, sexist, and sexual remarks to his female coworkers. According to reaction from at least one “senior adviser” to the Trump campaign, Lewandowski’s ouster was welcome news:",1
3017,This Is What the Future of American Politics Looks Like,"For political observers, 2016 feels like an earthquake — a once-in-a-generation event that will remake American politics. The Republican party is fracturing around support for Donald Trump. An avowed socialist has made an insurgent challenge for the Democratic Party’s nomination. On left and right, it feels as though a new era is beginning.

And a new era is beginning, but not in the way most people think. Though this election feels like the beginning of a partisan realignment, it’s actually the end of one. The partisan coalitions that defined the Democratic and Republican parties for decades in the middle of the twentieth century broke apart long ago; over the past half century, their component voting blocs — ideological, demographic, economic, geographic, cultural — have reshuffled. The reassembling of new Democratic and Republican coalitions is nearly finished.

What we’re seeing this year is the beginning of a policy realignment, when those new partisan coalitions decide which ideas and beliefs they stand for — when, in essence, the party platforms catch up to the shift in party voters that has already happened. The type of conservatism long championed by the Republican Party was destined to fall as soon as a candidate came along who could rally its voters without being beholden to its donors, experts and pundits. The future is being built before our eyes, with far-reaching consequences for every facet of American politics.

The 2016 race is a sign that American politics is changing in profound and lasting ways; by the 2020s and 2030s, partisan platforms will have changed drastically. You may find yourself voting for a party you could never imagine supporting right now. What will that political future look like?

Today’s Republican Party is predominantly a Midwestern, white, working-class party with its geographic epicenter in the South and interior West. Today’s Democratic Party is a coalition of relatively upscale whites with racial and ethnic minorities, concentrated in an archipelago of densely populated blue cities.

In both parties, there’s a gap between the inherited orthodoxy of a decade or two ago and the real interests of today’s electoral coalition. And in both parties, that gap between voters and policies is being closed in favor of the voters — a slight transition in the case of Hillary Clinton, but a dramatic one in the case of Donald Trump.

During the Democratic primary, pundits who focused on the clash between Clinton and Sanders missed a story that illuminated this shift: The failure of Jim Webb’s brief campaign for the presidential nomination. Webb was the only candidate who represented the old-style Democratic Party of the mid-20th century — the party whose central appeal was among white Southerners and Northern white “ethnics.” Even during the “New Democrat” era of Bill Clinton, white working-class remnants of that coalition were still important in the party. But by 2016, Webb lacked a constituency, and he was out of place among the politicians seeking the Democratic presidential nomination, which included one lifelong socialist (Bernie Sanders) and two candidates who had been raised as Republicans (Hillary Clinton and, briefly, Lincoln Chafee).

On the Republican side, the exemplary living fossil was Jeb Bush. Like his brother, Jeb pushed a neo-Reaganite synthesis of support for a hawkish foreign policy, social conservatism, and cuts in middle-class entitlements to finance further tax cuts for the rich. From the Reagan era until recently, the GOP’s economic policies have been formulated by libertarians, whose views are at odds with those of most Republican voters. In March of this year, a Pew Research Center poll showed that 68 percent of Republicans and Republican-leaning voters opposed future reductions in Social Security benefits — almost the same amount of support found among Democrats and Dem-leaning voters (73 percent). Republicans who supported Trump were even more opposed to Social Security benefit cuts, at 73 percent. And even among those who supported Kasich, 62 percent opposed cuts in Social Security benefits — even though Kasich, himself, is in favor of cutting entitlements.

As country-and-western Republicans have gradually replaced country-club Republicans, the gap between the party’s economic orthodoxy and the economic interests of white working-class voters in the GOP base has increased. House Republicans repeatedly have passed versions of Paul Ryan’s budget plan, which is based on cutting Social Security and replacing Medicare with vouchers.

Except for Trump, all of the leading Republican candidates—Cruz, Bush, Rubio, Kasich—favored some version of the Ryan agenda. By contrast, Trump was the only leading GOP candidate who expressed the actual preference of most Republican voters, declaring his “absolute intention to leave Social Security the way it is. Not increase the age and leave it as is.” Trump is now the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.

If Trump is defeated, what is left of the GOP establishment might try to effect a restoration of the old economic dogma of free trade, mass immigration and entitlement cuts. But sooner or later, a Republican Party platform with policies that most of the party’s core voters reject will be revised or abandoned—over the objections of libertarian Republican party donors and allied think tanks and magazines, if necessary.

Why is this all happening now? Because the decades-long “culture war” between religious conservatives and secular liberals is largely over.

Most culture-war conflicts involve sexuality, gender, or reproduction (for example, abortion, contraception, LGBT rights, and same-sex marriage). The centrality of culture-war issues in national politics from the 1960s to the present allowed both major parties to contain factions with incompatible economic views. For a generation, the Democratic Party has included both free traders and protectionists — but support for abortion rights and, more recently, gay rights have been litmus tests for Democratic politicians with national ambitions. Conversely, Republicans have been allowed to disagree about trade and immigration, but all Republican presidential candidates have had to pay lip service to repealing Roe v. Wade and outlawing abortion.

Social issues spurred a partisan realignment by changing who considered themselves Democrats and Republicans. Over decades, socially conservative working-class whites migrated from the Democratic Party to join the Republican Party, especially in the South. Socially moderate Republicans, especially on the East Coast, shifted to the Democratic coalition. Now, there’s little disagreement within each party on social issues. Liberal Republicans are as rare as Reagan Democrats.

Like an ebb tide that reveals a reshaped coastline, the culture war remade the parties’ membership and is now receding. In its absence, we are able to see a transformed political landscape.

The culture war and partisan realignment are over; the policy realignment and “border war” — a clash between nationalists, mostly on the right, and multicultural globalists, mostly on the left — have just begun.

For the nationalists, the most important dividing line is that between American citizens and everyone else—symbolized by Trump’s proposal for a Mexican border wall. On the right, American nationalism is tainted by strains of white racial and religious nationalism and nativism, reinforced by Trump’s incendiary language about Mexicans and his proposed temporary ban on Muslims entering the U.S.

But while there is overlap between nationalists and racists, the two are not the same thing. The most extreme white nationalists don’t advocate nationalism as a governing philosophy in our multiracial country; they hope to withdraw from American life and create a white homeland within the nation-state. Nationalism is different than white nationalism, and a populist American nationalism untainted by vestiges of racial bigotry might have transracial appeal, like versions of national populism in Latin America.

The rise of populist nationalism on the right is paralleled by the rise of multicultural globalism on the center-left.

For multicultural globalists, national boundaries are increasingly obsolete and perhaps even immoral. According to the emerging progressive orthodoxy, the identities that count are subnational (race, gender, orientation) and supranational (citizenship of the world). While not necessarily representative of Democratic voters, progressive pundits and journalists increasingly speak a dialect of ethical cosmopolitanism or globalism — the idea that it is unjust to discriminate in favor of one’s fellow nationals against citizens of foreign countries.

This difference in worldviews maps neatly into differences in policy. Nationalists support immigration and trade deals only if they improve the living standards of citizens of the nation. For the new, globally minded progressives, the mere well-being of American workers is not a good enough reason to oppose immigration or trade liberalization. It’s an argument that today’s progressive globalists have borrowed from libertarians: immigration or trade that depresses the wages of Americans is still justified if it makes immigrants or foreign workers better off.

The disagreements within both parties on trade is a living example of the inchoate policy realignment. Every major Republican presidential candidate supported free-trade agreements — with the sole and major exception of Donald Trump, the presumptive nominee, who routinely slams free-trade deals and has called for the reintroduction of certain tariffs on foreign goods.

Likewise, the current opposition of many Democratic politicians to free-trade agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership reflects the residual influence of declining manufacturing unions within the party According to a March 2016 study by the Pew Research Center, by a margin of 56 percent to 38 percent, Democratic voters believe that free-trade agreements have been good for the U.S. Among Republicans, those numbers are almost reversed: by a 53 percent to 38 percent margin, a majority of Republicans believe free-trade has been a bad thing. Among younger Americans, who tend to prefer Democrats to Republicans, support for free trade is high: 67 percent of 18- to 29-year-olds say trade agreements are good for the country. Even progressives who campaign against trade deals feel obliged by the logic of ethical cosmopolitanism to justify their opposition in the name of the labor rights of foreign workers or the good of the global environment.

For the next decade or longer, as the parties’ stances adjust, this “border war” that has succeeded the “culture war” will define and remake American politics.

The outlines of the two-party system of the 2020s and 2030s are dimly visible. The Republicans will be a party of mostly working-class whites, based in the South and West and suburbs and exurbs everywhere. They will favor universal, contributory social insurance systems that benefit them and their families and reward work effort—programs like Social Security and Medicare. But they will tend to oppose means-tested programs for the poor whose benefits they and their families cannot enjoy.

They will oppose increases in both legal and illegal immigration, in some cases because of ethnic prejudice; in other cases, for fear of economic competition. The instinctive economic nationalism of tomorrow’s Republicans could be invoked to justify strategic trade as well as crude protectionism. They are likely to share Trump’s view of unproductive finance: “The hedge-fund guys didn’t build this country. These are guys that shift paper around and they get lucky.”

The Democrats of the next generation will be even more of an alliance of upscale, progressive whites with blacks and Latinos, based in large and diverse cities. They will think of the U.S. as a version of their multicultural coalition of distinct racial and ethnic identity groups writ large. Many younger progressives will take it for granted that moral people are citizens of the world, equating nationalism and patriotism with racism and fascism.

The withering-away of industrial unions, thanks to automation as well as offshoring, will liberate the Democrats to embrace free trade along with mass immigration wholeheartedly. The emerging progressive ideology of post-national cosmopolitanism will fit nicely with urban economies which depend on finance, tech and other industries of global scope, and which benefit from a constant stream of immigrants, both skilled and unskilled.

While tomorrow’s Republican policymakers will embrace FDR-to-LBJ universal entitlements like Social Security and Medicare, future Democrats may prefer means-tested programs for the poor only. In the expensive, hierarchical cities in which Democrats will be clustered, universal social insurance will make no sense. Payroll taxes on urban workers will be too low to fund universal social insurance, while universal social benefits will be too low to matter to the urban rich. So the well-to-do in expensive, unequal Democratic cities will agree to moderately redistributive taxes which pay for means-tested benefits—perhaps even a guaranteed basic income—for the disproportionately poor and foreign-born urban workforce. As populist labor liberalism declines within the Democratic party, employer-friendly and finance-friendly libertarianism will grow. The Democrats of 2030 may be more pro-market than the Republicans.

Of the two coalitions, which is likely to prevail most of the time?

While progressives claim that nonwhite Americans will become a majority, this is misleading for two reasons. To begin with, according to the Census Bureau, from this point until 2060, there will be only limited growth in the African-American population (a rise from 13.2 percent to 14.3 percent) and the Asian-American population (5.4 percent to 9.3 percent) as shares of the whole. The growth of the nonwhite category by 2060 is driven overwhelmingly by the increasing Latino share of the population, from 17.4 percent to 28.6 percent.

Second, Latino Americans increasingly identify themselves as white. Between the 2000 Census and the 2010 Census, about 7 percent of Hispanics changed their self-description from “some other race” to “white.” At the same time, according to the Census Bureau, three-fourths of “white population growth” in 21st-century America has been driven by individuals who declared themselves white and of Hispanic origin. If increasing numbers of Hispanics identify as white and their descendants are defined as “white” in government statistics, there may be a white majority in the U.S. throughout the 21st century.

More important than unscientific Census classifications will be how the growing Latino population votes. Trump’s unpopularity among Latino voters is likely to help the Democrats in the short run. But Democrats cannot assume they’ll have a solid Latino voting bloc in the future. In Texas, in particular, Republicans have been successful in winning many Latino voters, all the way back to Senator John Tower and Governor George W. Bush. In Texas’ 2014 elections, Republican gubernatorial nominee Greg Abbott won 44 percent of Latino Texans. Republican U.S. Senator John Cornyn did even better, with 48 percent.

In the coming decades, it is possible that Latinos will be reliable Democratic voters and condemn the Republican Party to minority status at the presidential level, if not everywhere. But it is also possible that as Latinos assimilate and intermarry, they will move from the Democratic Party to the Republican Party, following a trail blazed in the past by many “white ethnic” voters of European descent, including Irish-Americans and Italian-Americans.

The policy realignment of the present and near future will complete the partisan realignment of the past few decades. And though it’s impossible to know exactly how it will end, one thing is clear: In 2016, the old political system is crumbling, and a new American political order is being born.",1
276,Kevin McCarthy drops out of House speaker race,"Washington (CNN) House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy dropped out of the race to succeed Speaker John Boehner on Thursday, a shocking move that throws the House into chaos.

Boehner, R-Ohio, holds a copy of the Constitution on Capitol Hill in Washington on May 7, 1992, as Sen. Don Nickles, D-Oklahoma, looks on. Both men proclaimed it was a historic day when the Michigan House ratified the 27th Amendment to the Constitution, which would require that any Congressional pay raises not go into effect until after the next election.

Boehner, R-Ohio, holds a copy of the Constitution on Capitol Hill in Washington on May 7, 1992, as Sen. Don Nickles, D-Oklahoma, looks on. Both men proclaimed it was a historic day when the Michigan House ratified the 27th Amendment to the Constitution, which would require that any Congressional pay raises not go into effect until after the next election.

Boehner at a Capitol Hill news conference on February 6, 1995. He has had a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives since 1990. Before that he was a member of the Ohio State House of Representatives for six years.

Boehner at a Capitol Hill news conference on February 6, 1995. He has had a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives since 1990. Before that he was a member of the Ohio State House of Representatives for six years.

Boehner dumps out coal, which he called a Christmas gift to President Clinton, during a news conference about the federal budget on December 21, 1995. Many government services and agencies were closed at the end of 1995 and beginning of 1996 as a Republican-led Congress battled Clinton over spending levels.

Boehner dumps out coal, which he called a Christmas gift to President Clinton, during a news conference about the federal budget on December 21, 1995. Many government services and agencies were closed at the end of 1995 and beginning of 1996 as a Republican-led Congress battled Clinton over spending levels.

President George W. Bush signs into law the federal education bill No Child Left Behind at a high school in Hamilton, Ohio, in 2002. The law offered the promise of improved schools for the nation's poor and minority children and better-prepared students in a competitive world. Boehner, second from right, backed the bill.

President George W. Bush signs into law the federal education bill No Child Left Behind at a high school in Hamilton, Ohio, in 2002. The law offered the promise of improved schools for the nation's poor and minority children and better-prepared students in a competitive world. Boehner, second from right, backed the bill.

Boehner, center, and fellow Republican House members sing Boehner's birthday song during a news conference on Capitol Hill on November 17, 2006. Boehner served as the House Minority Leader from 2007 to 2011.

Boehner, center, and fellow Republican House members sing Boehner's birthday song during a news conference on Capitol Hill on November 17, 2006. Boehner served as the House Minority Leader from 2007 to 2011.

Boehner, center, looks on as President Barack Obama speaks with then-House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer in the East Room of the White House on February 23, 2009. Boehner and Obama have butted heads over the years.

Boehner, center, looks on as President Barack Obama speaks with then-House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer in the East Room of the White House on February 23, 2009. Boehner and Obama have butted heads over the years.

Boehner, an avid golfer, talks with Tiger Woods while golfing at the Congressional Country Club in Bethesda, Maryland, in 2009.

Boehner, an avid golfer, talks with Tiger Woods while golfing at the Congressional Country Club in Bethesda, Maryland, in 2009.

Boehner voices his concerns about the health care reform bill championed by Obama during a news conference in Washington on October 29, 2009.

Boehner voices his concerns about the health care reform bill championed by Obama during a news conference in Washington on October 29, 2009.

Boehner hugs his wife, Debbie, after addressing the crowd at the NRCC Election Night watch party on November 2, 2010, when Republicans took back control of the House of Representatives. Boehner met his wife in college, and they have been married since 1973.

Boehner hugs his wife, Debbie, after addressing the crowd at the NRCC Election Night watch party on November 2, 2010, when Republicans took back control of the House of Representatives. Boehner met his wife in college, and they have been married since 1973.

On January 5, 2011, Boehner wipes away tears as he waits to receive the gavel from outgoing House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-California, during the first session of the 112th Congress.

On January 5, 2011, Boehner wipes away tears as he waits to receive the gavel from outgoing House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-California, during the first session of the 112th Congress.

Boehner presents golfing legend Arnold Palmer with the Congressional Gold Medal at a special ceremony in the Rotunda of the Capitol in September 2012.

Boehner presents golfing legend Arnold Palmer with the Congressional Gold Medal at a special ceremony in the Rotunda of the Capitol in September 2012.

Boehner is sworn in as the speaker of the House after his re-election in January 2013.

Boehner is sworn in as the speaker of the House after his re-election in January 2013.

Boehner speaks to the media after a meeting with President Obama at the White House in October 2013, the second day of the federal government's recent shutdown. The White House squared off with Republican rivals in Congress over how to fund federal agencies, many of which were forced to close, leaving a fragile economy at risk.

Boehner speaks to the media after a meeting with President Obama at the White House in October 2013, the second day of the federal government's recent shutdown. The White House squared off with Republican rivals in Congress over how to fund federal agencies, many of which were forced to close, leaving a fragile economy at risk.

Reporters question Boehner as he arrives at the U.S. Capitol as the government stalemate continued in October 2013. President Obama signed a bill on October 17 that ended the 16-day shutdown and raised the debt ceiling.

Reporters question Boehner as he arrives at the U.S. Capitol as the government stalemate continued in October 2013. President Obama signed a bill on October 17 that ended the 16-day shutdown and raised the debt ceiling.

Boehner blasts conservative groups during a press conference in December 2013 after passing a compromise budget deal aimed at removing the threat of another government shutdown. Fed up with criticism from conservative advocates, Boehner said they were ""misleading their followers."" He followed up with: ""Frankly, I just think that they've lost all credibility.""

Boehner blasts conservative groups during a press conference in December 2013 after passing a compromise budget deal aimed at removing the threat of another government shutdown. Fed up with criticism from conservative advocates, Boehner said they were ""misleading their followers."" He followed up with: ""Frankly, I just think that they've lost all credibility.""

The image of the Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) is displayed in a monitor of a camera as he talks with reporters in his office in the Capitol in November 2014 in Washington.

The image of the Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) is displayed in a monitor of a camera as he talks with reporters in his office in the Capitol in November 2014 in Washington.

U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Speaker of the House John Boehner await the arrival of President Barack Obama for the State of The Union address on January 20 in the House Chamber of the Capitol.

U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Speaker of the House John Boehner await the arrival of President Barack Obama for the State of The Union address on January 20 in the House Chamber of the Capitol.

U.S. President Barack Obama walks with Speaker of the House John Boehner as they depart the annual Friend's of Ireland luncheon on Capitol Hill in Washington on March 17.

U.S. President Barack Obama walks with Speaker of the House John Boehner as they depart the annual Friend's of Ireland luncheon on Capitol Hill in Washington on March 17.

Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani (right) expresses his country's gratitude for America's fiscal commitment and military sacrifices during an address to a joint meeting of the United States Congress with Vice President Joe Biden (left) and Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) in the House Chamber of the U.S. Capitol March 25 in Washington.

Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani (right) expresses his country's gratitude for America's fiscal commitment and military sacrifices during an address to a joint meeting of the United States Congress with Vice President Joe Biden (left) and Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) in the House Chamber of the U.S. Capitol March 25 in Washington.

Pope Francis walks with Speaker Boehner and Vice President Joe Biden after delivering a speech to Congress in Washington on September 24.

Pope Francis walks with Speaker Boehner and Vice President Joe Biden after delivering a speech to Congress in Washington on September 24.

John Boehner has been the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives since 2011, making him second in line for the presidency, behind the vice president. On September 25, Boehner told colleagues he's stepping down as speaker and will leave Congress at the end of October. Look back at his career in politics so far.

John Boehner has been the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives since 2011, making him second in line for the presidency, behind the vice president. On September 25, Boehner told colleagues he's stepping down as speaker and will leave Congress at the end of October. Look back at his career in politics so far.

The move came without warning as House Republicans were in a closed-door meeting to select their nominee for speaker, with McCarthy's wife and kids in the room. Boehner subsequently postponed the vote.

""I think I shocked some of you, huh?"" McCarthy told reporters following the decision.

""If we're going to unite and be strong, we need a new face to do that,"" McCarthy said, adding that he did not want to win the race on the House floor with only enough votes to squeak by.

A source close to McCarthy told CNN the decision to drop out came down to ""numbers, pure and simple,"" adding that ""he had the votes to win the conference vote, but there just wasn't a path to 218"" -- the number of votes needed to lock down the speakership on the House floor.

The uncertain future of House GOP leadership comes less than a month before Congress must take action to raise the debt ceiling to keep the U.S. from defaulting on its debt obligations -- a critical vote conservatives have in the past sought to stall in order to pull concessions from Democrats.

Asked if that affected his decision, McCarthy acknowledged: ""Well, that wasn't helpful.""

Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, R-California, described McCarthy's move as ""courageous,"" saying this is ""exciting"" for the party because there is now a ""wide open"" race for speaker.

""Because of his verbal blunder last week there were some of us that were very apprehensive and this going to create great unity among Republicans,"" Rohrabacher said.

Meanwhile, not one to miss an opportunity, GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump suggested he was partly responsible for McCarthy's failed bid, days after he suggested McCarthy wasn't tough enough for the job.

""They're giving me a lot of credit for that because I said you really need someone very, very, tough and very smart. Ya know smart goes with tough, I know tough people that aren't smart that's the worst. We need smart, we need tough, we need the whole package,"" Trump said at a campaign stop Thursday in Las Vegas.

The announcement immediately set off a round of speculation about who could win the job. Perennial candidates floated included Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan and South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy — both of whom ruled it out explicitly. Several House Republicans said Georgia Rep. Lynn Westmoreland was considering it, and others suggested Oregon Rep. Greg Walden, the chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee.

""I would consider it,"" Walden said when asked by CNN about members floating his name for speaker. But he said he's not actively campaigning and noted that some are pushing the idea of an interim speaker. Several candidates have suggested a senior or retiring member should serve as speaker for the next 14 months and pledge to not run again. Rohrabacher suggested Texas Rep. Joe Barton or Kentucky Rep. Hal Rogers.

Boehner said in a statement he will remain in his post until a new speaker is elected, though he has yet to announce the date for the new vote.

""I'm confident we will elect a new speaker in the coming weeks. Our conference will work together to ensure we have the strongest team possible as we continue to focus on the American people's priorities,"" he said in a written statement.

Boehner also canceled a scheduled appearance Thursday night on ""The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon,"" an NBC spokeswoman said.

Republican Study Committee Chairman Bill Flores twice dodged reporters' questions about whether he would rule out his own run, but also spoke against the idea of a caretaker.

""An interim will not give us the opportunity to cast that big bold vision that we need. Interims are caretakers, caretakers tend to do safe things,"" Flores said. ""The electorate put us here in November of 2014 to take big steps, and we need to find the leader that will help us take those big steps. ... The other thing that happens with interim is you have people trying to run for the permanent position, and so you have all the distractions we've gone through the last two weeks. We don't need that.""

Rep. Jason Chaffetz, who late last week jumped into the speaker's race, called an impromptu news conference less than an hour after Republicans began pouring out of the GOP conference meeting. The Utah Republican said he was also ""absolutely stunned, surprised and shocked.""

Chaffetz said he would continue to campaign for the top House post and said ""we need to find somebody that our whole body can unite behind and do what were elected to do.""

""I do believe it is time for a fresh start. That was the whole genesis for my campaign, but we need to have a lot more family discussion,"" he said. ""I think we have a lot of internal fracturing that's happening. And we need to figure out a way to unite the party.""

Westmoreland joked said he is thinking about it, joking that, ""I'd like to talk to my wife first.""

Asked why he thought he could get 218 votes he said, ""I don't know that I can, but all I can say is I'm willing to try.""

Ryan, the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee and someone who had been viewed as a contender for the job, immediately said he is not interested.

""While I am grateful for the encouragement I've received, I will not be a candidate. I continue to believe I can best serve the country and this conference as Chairman of the Ways and Means Committee,"" Ryan said in a statement.

With conservatives again floating his name, Gowdy said he will not run for speaker. Asked if he would reconsider and join the race if his GOP colleagues urged him to get in, he replied, ""No.""

Rep. Tim Huelskamp, a Kansas Republican and member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus that opposed McCarthy's bid, said the decision creates a ""brand new race for speaker.""

""I am not the one,"" McCarthy told the stunned Republicans in the meeting, according to Huelskamp.

Huelskamp also took shots at McCarthy, saying the majority leader was campaigning for the top post until ""three hours ago"" and said the lack of ""advance notice"" was characteristic of the ""stunts"" that have defined Boehner's leadership as speaker -- including his surprise resignation the day after Pope Francis addressed a joint meeting of Congress.

And just as McCarthy got a brief heads up moments before that announcement, McCarthy also gave Boehner notice shortly before Thursday's conference meeting, a Boehner aide told CNN.

Members had no indication the move was coming. ""Totally stunned,"" Rep. Peter King, R-New York, said on CNN.

Westmoreland met with McCarthy in his office this afternoon and said he didn't expect him to endorse anyone.

""What Kevin has done is extremely selfless, and I think he's done a brave and courageous thing,"" said Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas. ""He was close to being right there and he chose to unite the conference rather than waging battles. ""

Speaking on CNN, Rep. Walter Jones said the current unrest reminds him of the late 1990s. Newt Gingrich stepped down as speaker and Rep. Bob Livingston was selected to take over but quickly removed himself from consideration after it was revealed he had an extramarital affair.

Jones told CNN that he was looking out for the institution and not pointing fingers at anyone in particular.

""I think when a person has been a member of the Congress — which is a very sacred duty, quite frankly, in my opinion — and they are elevated to become a leader of a party -- could be either party, Republican or Democrat -- that those in leadership must be above reproach,"" Jones said.

""And all I was doing, not trying to single anybody out, but was to say in this makeup of office — the majority office and the speakers office -- all the members should be made to say I have nothing in my background that could be of embarrassment to the Republican conference, the House of Representatives or the American people,"" he added. ""That's all this was about.""",1
3880,U.S. drone strike accidentally killed 2 hostages,"Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama announced Thursday that a U.S. counterterrorism operation targeting an al Qaeda compound in January accidentally killed two innocent hostages, including one American.

Multiple U.S. officials told CNN the hostages, Warren Weinstein , an American, and Italian national Giovanni Lo Porto , were killed by a U.S. military drone that targeted the al Qaeda compound.

""As president and as commander in chief, I take full responsibility for all our counterterrorism operations including the one that inadvertently took the lives of Warren and Giovanni,"" Obama said Thursday morning in the White House briefing room, where he apologized on behalf of the U.S. government.

The White House also disclosed Thursday that two Americans, both al Qaeda operatives, were also killed in U.S. counterterrorism operations in the same region.

Earnest said at a press briefing Thursday that Obama did not specifically approve the operations that killed the Americans, but that the strikes were within the bounds of policy guidance.

Earnest said Thursday that the families of the hostages will be financially compensated by the U.S. government. He would not disclose the details of that compensation.

American officials at the time had ""no reason to believe either hostage was present"" when the operation was launched on a compound in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region. U.S. officials also did not know that Farouq or Gadahn were present at the targeted sites and ""neither was specifically targeted,"" Earnest said in a statement.

Earnest said during the briefing Thursday that U.S. officials believed with ""near certainty"" there were no hostages at the target site and that the strike was carried out after ""hundreds of hours of surveillance"" on the al Qaeda compound and ""near continuous surveillance in the days leading up to the operation.""

""Unfortunately that (assessment) was not correct and the operation led to this tragic, unintended consequence,"" Earnest said.

""Analysis of all available information has led the Intelligence Community to judge with high confidence that the operation accidentally killed both hostages,"" Earnest said in a statement. ""No words can fully express our regret over this terrible tragedy.""

Obama directly apologized during his televised address to the families of the two hostages who were killed in the drone strike and said he spoke Wednesday with Weinstein's wife and Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi. Obama did not refer to the operation as a drone strike and Earnest would not confirm that the operation was carried out by drone strike.

""As a husband and as a father, I cannot begin to imagine the anguish that the Weinstein and Lo Porto families are enduring today. I realize that there are no words that can ever equal their loss. I know that there is nothing that I can ever say or do to ease their heartache,"" Obama said Thursday.

Officials are conducting thorough independent investigation of the operation to ensure this type of incident is never repeated. Earnest said the Office of the Inspector General was conducting an investigation.

A senior administration official told CNN that the review began in January after the drone strike occurred, but said the review so far suggests the operation ""was by the book until we realized these people (the hostages) were in there.""

""The concern is not about anything other than this is a colossal tragedy,"" the official said. ""This doesn't seem to be raising any process flags ... But everyone is still going through this, and no one is resisting that.""

And Earnest told reporters the death of the hostages ""raises legitimate questions about whether additional changes need to be made"" to the protocol for launching counterterrorism operations.

""To put it more bluntly,"" Earnest said. ""We have national security professionals who diligently followed those national security protocols...and yet it still resulted in this unintended but very tragic consequence and that's why the President has directed his team to conduct a review to see if there are lessons learned, reforms that we can implement to this process.""

The death of an American hostage

Weinstein was an American USAID contractor whose work focused on helping Pakistani families, Obama said, and was captured by al Qaeda in August 2011. The other hostage, Lo Porto, was an Italian aid worker and had been held by al Qaeda since 2012.

Weinstein's wife, Elaine Weinstein, said Thursday in a statement that she and her family ""are devastated by this news,"" but said Weinstein's captors are ultimately responsible for his death.

""We were so hopeful that those in the U.S. and Pakistani governments with the power to take action and secure his release would have done everything possible to do so and there are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through,"" she said.

She added that her family does not yet ""fully understand all the facts surrounding"" her husband's death, but said the family looks forward to the results of the investigation Obama said was underway.

The U.S. never recovered Weinstein's body and did not conduct a DNA test to determine his death, several sources told CNN, adding that multiple intelligence sources confirmed their deaths based on circumstantial evidence and a CIA assessment.

Renzi, the Italian prime minister, expressed his condolences on behalf of his country to the families of Weinstein and Lo Porto.

""I express my deepest sorry for the death of an Italian, who has dedicated his life to the service of others,"" Renzi said in a statement. ""My condolences also go the family of Warren Weinstein.""

The decision to go public

The information on the killings had been classified until Obama directed officials to declassify the information and share it Thursday.

Obama said he decided to release the information because ""the Weinstein and Lo Porto families deserve to know the truth"" and because the U.S. ""is a democracy committed to openness in good times and bad.""

Earnest emphasized that the counterterrorism operation that killed the hostages was ""lawful and conducted consistent with our counterterrorism policies"" in a statement earlier Thursday and Obama said an ""initial assessment indicates that this operation was fully consistent with the guidelines under which we conduct counterterrorism efforts in the region.""

But Obama still stood by U.S. counterterrorism efforts in the region, which have been criticized for their heavy reliance on drone strikes and resulting civilian casualties.

""Since 9/11, our counterterrorism efforts have prevented terrorist attacks and saved innocent lives, both here in America and around the world. And that determination to protect innocent life only makes the loss of these two men especially painful for all of us,"" Obama said Thursday.

The White House said the strike occurred in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region, a haven for the Taliban and al Qaeda, but did not specify in which country the strike occurred.

Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Thursday declined to comment on the news of the strikes.

Elaine Weinstein, who resides in Maryland, specifically thanked their senators, Ben Cardin and Barbara Mikulski, and congressman, Rep. John Delaney, for ""their relentless efforts to free my husband.""

Cardin, Mikulski Delaney expressed their sorrow at Weinstein's death in statements Thursday morning and recalled their efforts to try and secure their constituent's release.

""I have tracked Warren Weinstein's status since he was first taken hostage in 2011. The United States government, including members of my staff, worked tirelessly to bring him home safely,"" said Cardin, who recently became the top Democrat on the foreign relations committee.

He added that he received a ""preliminary briefing"" from CIA Director John Brennan and said he requested ""a full account of the events that led to"" the hostages' deaths.

Delaney called Weinstein's killing ""a sobering national security and government failure"" and said he was ""saddened, disappointed and outraged that our government was not able to bring Warren home.""

""The loss of Warren is devastating, a tragic event that we must never forget,"" Delaney said. ""As Warren's representative, I feel like his country failed him in his greatest time of need. I'm determined to ensure that Warren's story is not forgotten, that we get to the bottom of why Warren wasn't found and how he was killed.""

He also called for a broader effort to reassess the U.S. government's policies and procedures for securing the release of American hostages held abroad and called for the need for a top U.S. official focused specifically on the location and release of American hostages — ""someone who wakes up every morning"" focused on freeing hostages.

""A much broader analysis needs to be launched and we're going to push it really hard to make sure that we're really pursuing this really hard as a top priority for the united states of America,"" he said on CNN.

Mikulski in a statement said she has ""many questions about how this tragedy occurred"" and said she was ""truly heartbroken"" to learn the news of Weinstein's death.

""Dr. Weinstein dedicated his life to improving the conditions of others all around the world and his legacy is truly immeasurable. His humanitarian service, and that of Mr. Lo Porto, stands in stark and shining contrast to the depravity of their captors,"" Mikulski said.

House Speaker John Boehner and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi also shared their condolences Thursday and lauded Obama's decision to launch an independent investigation into the drone strike that killed the hostages.

""As President Obama indicated, this is not a time for excuses,"" Boehner said at a news conference. ""We need all the facts for the families, and so that we can make sure that nothing like this ever happens again in our efforts to keep Americans safe.""

Pelosi said she was ""so saddened by the deaths of the two hostages"" and called Obama's remarks on the deaths ""very moving.""

""He took full responsibility as commander in chief; apologized to the family for the tragedy. And I look forward to what he called for, the declassification of all the information related to the strike, so that the families will know the facts and so will the public,"" Pelosi said Thursday morning.

Lawmakers on the House and Senate intelligence committees said they would be investigating the operation that killed the two hostages.

Vice chairwoman of the Senate committee Dianne Feinstein said the committee ""has already been reviewing the specific January operation that led to these deaths"" and said she will now review that operation ""in greater detail.""

And Rep. Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House committee, said his committee would look into the operation.

""In the weeks ahead, we will be examining this operation to make sure that the high standards that have been set were, in fact, met, and whether there are any other steps that can be taken to further reduce the risk of loss of innocent life,"" Schiff said in a statement.",1
2625,Iran calls for assassination of Netanyahu's children,"Iran is encouraging its terror allies to pursue the assassination of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s children by publishing personal information about them, including photographs of the kids lined up in crosshairs, and declaring, “We must await the hunt of Hezbollah.”

The publication of the personal information and biographies of Netanyahu’s children follows an Israeli airstrike last week that killed several key Hezbollah leaders and an Iranian commander affiliated with the country’s hardline Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC).

Iranian military leaders affiliated with the IRGC threatened in recent days harsh retaliation for the strike and promised to amp up support for Hezbollah as well as Palestinian terrorist organizations.

The information was originally published in Farsi by an Iranian website affiliated with the IRGC and quickly republished by Iran’s state-controlled Fars News Agency.

In addition to biographical details and pictures of Netanyahu’s children, the Iranians provided details about the families of former Prime Ministers Ehud Olmert and Ariel Sharon.

Click for more from the Washington Free Beacon.",1
3487,Marco Rubio unveils comprehensive tax plan,"Just weeks before he's expected to launch a presidential campaign, Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) teamed up on Wednesday with GOP colleague Mike Lee (R-Utah) to unveil a comprehensive set of proposals to overhaul the tax code.

""Our hope here isn't to pick winners and losers. Our hope here is to trigger economic growth,"" Rubio told reporters. He added that he believes ""the vast majority of Americans"" would see tax cuts if the plan was implemented.

Under the Lee-Rubio plan, the seven current tax brackets would be condensed to just two -- 15 percent for people earning up to $75,000 or married couples earning up to $150,000, and 35 percent for higher-income earners. Corporations would pay a top tax rate of 25 percent, a drop from 35 percent. The plan also would eliminate taxes on capital gains and dividends, create a new $2,500 child tax credit, and eliminate most deductions, except for mortgage interest and charitable giving.

Rubio said the plan would serve as his economic and tax blueprint should be announce plans to run for president, as expected, or if he opts instead to run for reelection in 2016. But in his remarks he again declined to signal which race he's leaning toward for 2016. He defended his decision to unveil a comprehensive, specific plan that might open him up to attacks by would-be GOP opponents or Democrats.

""I've tried to govern myself in my entire time in public service by being specific about ideas,"" he said. He reminded reporters about his 100-point reform plan when he was speaker of the Florida House.

""I think people should expect more of their candidates -- no matter what they're running for,"" he added. ""And if in fact we've reached a point in our republic where being detailed about what you would do is a hindrance to winning an election, we're in bad shape, because what are you supposed to then vote on?""

Rubio is expected to formally launch a presidential bid next month and is planning to hold more fundraisers next week as he ramps up his operations, according to aides familiar with his planning. On Monday night, the senator dined in Washington with Sheldon Adelson, the casino executive who spent nearly $100 million helping GOP candidates during the 2012 presidential cycle.

Lee, a first-term senator who is also up for reelection in 2016, didn't answer a question about whether his appearance with Rubio signaled he's supporting his Florida colleague for president.

But Rubio quickly jumped in and joked: ""I hope so.""",1
3771,Arrest Made In Connection To Ferguson Police Shooting,"St. Louis County Police announced on Sunday that they had made an arrest related to the two officers who were shot during a protest on Thursday in Ferguson, Missouri.

St. Louis County prosecutor Robert McCulloch announced that authorities had brought charges, including assault in the first degree, against 20-year-old Jeffrey Williams. Williams is from the St. Louis area and had been on probation for receiving stolen property.

Williams had been involved in protests on the evening that the shooting occurred and had ""acknowledged"" firing shots, according to McCulloch. McCulloch said that Williams, who is African-American, may have been firing at someone other than the police.

""We don't know him,"" said Tony Rice, the founder of Ground Level Support, who has been protesting since August

After naming three young male protesters who were regularly at the demonstrations, Rice told HuffPost, ""I don't think there is a male 20-years-old that regularly protest outside of them.""

""I think I can speak for the protester community in saying we don't know him,"" said Rice.

After the press conference, press swarmed Alicia Street when she helped source the first picture of Williams. Street, 29, has been actively involved in protest since August as well and says she was unfamiliar with Williams as well.

""I have never seen him at a protest. I cannot recall that I even seen him that night. We know a lot of people out there, we really do. I even showed pictures to other regular protesters and they said they didn't know him,"" Street told HuffPost.

The shooting came during protests after Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson announced that he would resign. One of the officers was shot in the face and the other was shot in the shoulder, but both survived the attack.

Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement on Sunday that the arrest was a testament to good collaboration between federal and local authorities.

“This arrest sends a clear message that acts of violence against our law enforcement personnel will never be tolerated. The swiftness of this action is a credit to the significant cooperation between federal authorities and the St. Louis County Police Department,"" Holder said. ""The ATF’s ballistic imaging technology has played a critical role in the ongoing investigation. I commend both the ATF and St. Louis police for their tremendous work in identifying this suspect.""

President Barack Obama condemned the shooting on Thursday, posting on Twitter that ""violence against police is unacceptable."" Holder also called the shooter a ""damn punk"" last week.

Read the full complaint against Williams below:",1
628,Trump's terror response has Republicans fretting anew,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
3429,Worst job in Washington: Obama's SCOTUS pick,"Washington (CNN) It might be the best job in town -- at the worst possible time.

President Barack Obama is suddenly searching for a new Supreme Court justice after the death of conservative icon Antonin Scalia left a rare vacancy at the pinnacle of U.S. jurisprudence.

Normally, an open spot on the exalted bench -- complete with a lifetime tenure and a boatload of benefits -- would have those who labor in the law's dusty obscurity salivating at the chance to crown their careers in the black robes of the nation's highest court. And candidates with political inclinations have extra incentive to covet this particular seat, as it comes with a chance to tilt the ideological balance of the court and shape the nation's future for decades.

Scalia speaks at the University of Minnesota as part of the law school's Stein Lecture series on October 20, 2015, in Minneapolis.

Scalia speaks at the University of Minnesota as part of the law school's Stein Lecture series on October 20, 2015, in Minneapolis.

U.S. President Barack Obama greets Supreme Court Justices Clarence Thomas, Antonin Scalia, Sonia Sotomayor, Anthony Kennedy and John Roberts at Obama's inauguration for his second term of office.

U.S. President Barack Obama greets Supreme Court Justices Clarence Thomas, Antonin Scalia, Sonia Sotomayor, Anthony Kennedy and John Roberts at Obama's inauguration for his second term of office.

Scalia conducts a naturalization ceremony for 16 new U.S. citizens during the commemoration of the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln's historic Gettysburg Address on November 19, 2013, at Gettysburg National Military Park in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.

Scalia conducts a naturalization ceremony for 16 new U.S. citizens during the commemoration of the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln's historic Gettysburg Address on November 19, 2013, at Gettysburg National Military Park in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.

Scalia and his wife, Maureen, arrive for a state dinner in honor of British Prime Minister David Cameron at the White House on March 14, 2012, in Washington.

Scalia and his wife, Maureen, arrive for a state dinner in honor of British Prime Minister David Cameron at the White House on March 14, 2012, in Washington.

Scalia testifies during a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee on October 5, 2011. The justice testified on ""Considering the Role of Judges Under the Constitution of the United States.""

Scalia testifies during a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee on October 5, 2011. The justice testified on ""Considering the Role of Judges Under the Constitution of the United States.""

Scalia listens as U.S. President George W. Bush speaks at the the Federalist Society's 25th Anniversary Gala Dinner at Union Station in Washington, on November 15, 2007.

Scalia listens as U.S. President George W. Bush speaks at the the Federalist Society's 25th Anniversary Gala Dinner at Union Station in Washington, on November 15, 2007.

Heather Myklegard, Scalia, Dirk Kempthorne and U.S. President George W. Bush walk through the Rose Garden before Kempthorne is sworn in as the new interior secretary at White House on June 7, 2006, in Washington.

Heather Myklegard, Scalia, Dirk Kempthorne and U.S. President George W. Bush walk through the Rose Garden before Kempthorne is sworn in as the new interior secretary at White House on June 7, 2006, in Washington.

Scalia calls on people during a question-and-answer period at the American Enterprise Institute on February 21, 2006, in Washington. Scalia delivered the keynote address about foreign law and the debate about how it is used in American Law during the seminar called ""Outsourcing Of American Law.""

Scalia calls on people during a question-and-answer period at the American Enterprise Institute on February 21, 2006, in Washington. Scalia delivered the keynote address about foreign law and the debate about how it is used in American Law during the seminar called ""Outsourcing Of American Law.""

Surrounded by security, Scalia walks in the annual Columbus Day Parade on October 10, 2005, in New York City.

Surrounded by security, Scalia walks in the annual Columbus Day Parade on October 10, 2005, in New York City.

Members of the U.S. Supreme Court, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Justice Stephen Breyer, Justice Clarence Thomas, Justice David Souter, Justice William Kennedy, Justice Antonin Scalia, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and Justice John Paul Stevens file out of the U.S. Supreme Court Building to attend funeral services for Chief Justice William Rehnquist on September 7, 2005, in Washington.

Members of the U.S. Supreme Court, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Justice Stephen Breyer, Justice Clarence Thomas, Justice David Souter, Justice William Kennedy, Justice Antonin Scalia, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and Justice John Paul Stevens file out of the U.S. Supreme Court Building to attend funeral services for Chief Justice William Rehnquist on September 7, 2005, in Washington.

The casket of Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist lies in the Great Hall of the U.S. Supreme Court as Scalia and Sandra Day O'Connor, left, walk past on September 6, 2005, in Washington.

The casket of Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist lies in the Great Hall of the U.S. Supreme Court as Scalia and Sandra Day O'Connor, left, walk past on September 6, 2005, in Washington.

Scalia shakes hands with U.S. Marines Corps Maj. Gen. Robert C. Dickerson, commanding general, upon Scalia's arrival at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, for an official visit on March 12, 2004.

Scalia shakes hands with U.S. Marines Corps Maj. Gen. Robert C. Dickerson, commanding general, upon Scalia's arrival at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, for an official visit on March 12, 2004.

Scalia speaks to a crowd gathered at the Religious Freedom Monument in Fredericksburg, Virginia, to celebrate Religious Freedom Day on January 12, 2003. Scalia complained that courts have gone overboard in keeping God out of government.

Scalia speaks to a crowd gathered at the Religious Freedom Monument in Fredericksburg, Virginia, to celebrate Religious Freedom Day on January 12, 2003. Scalia complained that courts have gone overboard in keeping God out of government.

U.S. Supreme Court justices pay their respects in front of the casket of former Chief Justice Warren E. Burger during a prayer ceremony in the Great Hall at the Supreme Court Building in Washington on June 28, 1995.

U.S. Supreme Court justices pay their respects in front of the casket of former Chief Justice Warren E. Burger during a prayer ceremony in the Great Hall at the Supreme Court Building in Washington on June 28, 1995.

Retiring Chief Justice Warren Burger, right, administers the oath to Scalia, as Scalia's wife, Maureen, holds the Bible on September 26, 1986. Scalia was the 103rd person to sit on the court.

Retiring Chief Justice Warren Burger, right, administers the oath to Scalia, as Scalia's wife, Maureen, holds the Bible on September 26, 1986. Scalia was the 103rd person to sit on the court.

Scalia, seen in a 1986 photo, was the first justice of Italian-American heritage and passed through confirmation with a unanimous vote.

Scalia, seen in a 1986 photo, was the first justice of Italian-American heritage and passed through confirmation with a unanimous vote.

Scalia appears before the Senate Judiciary Committee during his confirmation hearings in Washington on August 6, 1986.

Scalia appears before the Senate Judiciary Committee during his confirmation hearings in Washington on August 6, 1986.

Scalia works in his office in Washington on July 28, 1986. Scalia, who was appointed in 1986, was the longest-serving justice on the Supreme Court.

Scalia works in his office in Washington on July 28, 1986. Scalia, who was appointed in 1986, was the longest-serving justice on the Supreme Court.

President Ronald Reagan announces the nomination of Scalia to the Supreme Court on June 17, 1986, as a result of Chief Justice Warren E. Burger's retirement.

President Ronald Reagan announces the nomination of Scalia to the Supreme Court on June 17, 1986, as a result of Chief Justice Warren E. Burger's retirement.

U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who was found dead on Saturday, February 13, was one of the most influential conservative justices in history. He was 79.

U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who was found dead on Saturday, February 13, was one of the most influential conservative justices in history. He was 79.

But this time, things are different.

Whoever accepts Obama's nomination will walk into a wall of political fire. A pitched battle is already raging over Scalia's seat, embroiling the White House, Congress and presidential candidates eager to whip up grass-roots activists.

White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz insisted Monday that Obama will nominate a successor to Scalia.

But for all their troubles, whoever is chosen could very well not end up with the job.

Senate Republicans are warning that they may not even grant Obama's nominee a hearing, saying it should be up to the next president to fill the vacancy.

A nominee could be left hanging in limbo for a year with no guarantee that, even if a Democrat wins in November, they'll end up on the court. Of course, if a Republican wins the White House, they can forget it.

At worst, if the GOP relents and holds confirmation hearings, the nominee could emerge so damaged by the political tumult that their reputation could be shredded along with their hopes of one day reaching the Supreme Court.

For Obama's next nominee, the ordeal will be many times worse. And there doesn't seem any obvious way for Obama to shield his pick.

""It is possible that he could bend this like Beckham and get it through,"" Jonathan Turley, a professor of law at George Washington University told CNN's Jim Scuitto. ""But I wouldn't bet on it it. The fact is, you are replacing a conservative icon. Any moderate nominee is going to move this needle to the left on the court and it is going to be a battle royale.""

The sudden opening on the court is emerging as a top issue in an already vicious White House campaign, and threatens to expose the eventual nominee to the full fury of the conservative political, legal and media machine.

So it would be no wonder if a candidate might choose to take a pass on the partisan anger that surrounded the likes of Clarence Thomas, who did make it to the court. Ronald Reagan's nominee, Robert Bork, and Harriet Miers, George W. Bush's White House counsel and Supreme Court pick, did not make it through the acrimonious process.

It would be difficult to see, for instance, why one often-mentioned potential presidential nominee, Kamala Harris, the California Attorney General who is running for a Senate seat, would instead opt for a Supreme Court spot that might be a mirage.

There might also be a case for the President to take on a pass on someone like Sri Srinivasan, a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, who many see as a Supreme Court justice in waiting.

Srinivasan, who has historic potential as the first Indian-American on the high court, was confirmed unanimously by the Senate for his current post. But his supporters might see a nomination now as a waste, given the risk that he could be burned by a bitter confirmation process and left too stigmatized to be viable in future.

So what type of nominee might be willing to take on such a poisoned chalice?

For sure, whoever is picked would have to be a rare glutton for punishment. But some legal experts believe the White House will still have no trouble drawing up a list.

""Number One -- most judges, if they are not sitting on the Supreme Court, toil in relative anonymity,"" said Professor David Ryden of Hope College, Michigan, whose research focuses on the how the Supreme Court influences the electoral process. ""They are human beings. There is the lure of the limelight and there is the honor of being named.""

Daniel Franklin, a Georgia State University political science professor and author of the book ""Pitiful Giants: Presidents In Their Final Term,"" said that for lawyers, the Supreme Court is the equivalent of the big leagues. That could mean that even a nomination as challenged as this one is special.

""If you say, you have a remote chance of playing center fielder for the Dodgers, I would take it,"" he said. ""It is still a pretty big deal.""

There are some potential ways out of the imbroglio for Obama that involve finding an unorthodox candidate who might be flattered by a nomination.

Since the effort to replace Scalia comes in the twilight of his presidency, Obama has much less leverage than when he picked Sotomayor and Elena Kagan in his first term.

That means he may have no choice but to settle on someone less palatable to liberals but who might increase his minimal chances of winning a confirmation.

""The president is on the ideological spectrum at one point and the Senate is on the ideological spectrum on another,"" said Franklin. ""Even in a normal circumstance, the President has to meet the Senate somewhere in the middle with his preference while getting someone as close to his preference as possible.""

Franklin added: ""Now, he has to move that point closer and closer to the Senate's point of preference.""

If Obama's priority is to get a justice confirmed at all costs, he could call Senate Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's bluff and name a moderate, establishment Republican who GOP senators would feel forced to support -- perhaps someone like GOP Sens. Orrin Hatch of Utah or Sen. Thad Cochran of Mississippi as the nominee, Franklin said.

But that approach -- effectively installing a pro-life nominee with big abortion cases looming -- would enrage Obama's liberal backers.

Still, it would move the court incrementally left on some issues from where it stood when Scalia was alive. And since Hatch and Cochran are 81 and 78 respectively, they would unlikely be a choice that would haunt the President for decades.

Such a scenario, however, seems remote given the political ire of the times. Obama seems more likely to take a more nakedly political route.

He could pick someone he knows is unlikely to be confirmed, but who would be willing to do a service for their party and become a cause celebre throughout election season.

A politician already locked in the heat of partisan battle might work in this case -- that's why the names of Democratic Sens. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota and Cory Booker of New Jersey have been floated. Neither have re-election races in 2016 and both are rumored to have presidential ambitions that might benefit from a spell in the national partisan spotlight.

And if for some reason their colleagues found it impossible to block them in the Senate's clubby atmosphere, there are worst places to end up than on the Supreme Court.

Another approach would be to choose a candidate who is a woman or a minority -- perhaps someone from the Hispanic community -- who could be crucial in driving up Democratic turnout in November.

Stalwart Republican opposition to such a nominee would enable Democrats to paint the GOP as prejudiced and motivated by considerations other than legal reservations -- and perhaps might embarrass some swing-state Senate Republicans up for re-election.

And even some judges already on lower courts might be willing to serve as a political placeholders for such a strategy, said Ryden of Hope College.

""Judges have their own political preferences and agendas and there are many on the federal court bench ... who would fit that label and be happy to collaborate on a strategy with the White House -- even if they weren't the ones who would immediately benefit from it,"" he said.",1
506,"Gas prices aren't forever, Obama tells Americans","That was President Barack Obama's message to American consumers on Tuesday as he discussed near six year-low gas prices in an interview with The Detroit News ahead of a visit to Michigan on Wednesday to tout the recovery of the auto industry and the growth of American manufacturing.

""I would strongly advise American consumers to continue to think about how you save money at the pump because it is good for the environment, it's good for family pocketbooks and if you go back to old habits and suddenly gas is back at $3.50, you are going to not be real happy,"" Obama said.

But instead of returning to ""old habits,"" Obama advised Americans to save their money, ""or better yet"" use the savings to buy a new car, for example.

He said Americans should ""not believe that"" gas prices won't rise again, explaining that demand for oil in booming countries like China and India will continue to rise, kicking costs back up. Oil prices have dropped more than 50% in recent months, falling below $50 a barrel for the first time since 2009 on Monday. Many members of Congress are counting on gas prices to remain low, however, as they hope to use the low prices as an opportunity to increase the gas tax for the first time in more than two decades. As he touts the results of his bailout of the auto industry on Wednesday, Obama will also promote fuel efficiency at the Ford plant he is set to visit, which produces alternative fuel vehicles and small cars, The News reported. Obama gave the newspaper a preview of his speech Wednesday, in which he is expected to tout the resurgence of the auto industry and the boom of American manufacturing -- two key points of his plan for economic recovery, and elements he hopes will become a part of his legacy as president. ""The auto industry has led a resurgence of manufacturing in America,"" Obama said. ""The quality of the cars has gotten so much better that we are competitive — not just in SUVs — but up and down the line. The branding of American cars is back to where it should be. Michigan's unemployment rate has fallen faster than the overall employment rate.""",1
964,Billionaires fund anti-Trump delegate push,"232 photos, 131 quotes and 43 numbers that tell the story of America's craziest election.",1
4486,"Memorial Day provides respite from VA controversies, even as new issue brews","Memorial Day is a time to remember those who gave their lives to protect this country.

It is a day when the focus on those sacrifices will be through commemorations with bugle calls and wreath layings instead of the controversies that have dogged the Department of Veterans Affairs. Yet, even as the ceremonies get underway, another debate involving the federal hiring preference for veterans is brewing.

President Obama focused on their sacrifice Friday with a Prayer for Peace proclamation:

“Since America’s earliest days, proud patriots have forged a safer, more secure Nation, and though battlefields have changed and technology has evolved, the selflessness of our service members has remained steadfast. They have stepped forward when our country was locked in revolution and civil war; fought threats of fascism and terrorism; and led the way in securing peace and stability around the globe. They have sacrificed more than most of us could ever imagine — not for glory or gratitude, but for causes greater than themselves.”

He called on Americans to observe a National Moment of Remembrance beginning at 3 p.m. local time and requested “the flag be flown at half-staff until noon on this Memorial Day on all buildings, grounds, and naval vessels throughout the United States and in all areas under its jurisdiction and control.”

There will be ceremonies at cemeteries across the nation, including at Arlington National Cemetery at 11 a.m.

“Whether at Gettysburg, one of our country’s first national cemeteries, or at Cape Canaveral, our most recent dedication, each VA national cemetery is a sacred place of honor befitting the great deeds and sacrifices of the fallen,” said VA Secretary Robert McDonald.

Memorial Day brings some relief from a double-barrel shot of controversy last week. Last Monday, McDonald drew strong criticism from Republicans for comparing lines at Disney amusement parks to the long wait times veterans have experienced at VA hospitals. A couple of days later, Rep. David Jolly (R-Fla.) revealed that more than 4,200 veterans were mistakenly declared dead by VA from 2011 to 2015.

Now another issue is emerging.

The Senate Armed Services Committee has advanced legislation that would limit the federal hiring preference provided to veterans and certain close relatives. The bill still would give them preference points or preferential listing when first hired, but not for each new federal job after that, as is now the case.

That broader, long-standing preference won’t go down without a fight.

A statement from the American Federation of Government Employees said it “has long been an advocate for veterans preference and the principles it stands for. We strongly oppose this provision.”

The American Legion supports the larger National Defense Authorization Act that includes the preference limiting provision. But Ian de Planque, legislative director of the veterans service organization, said it will work to keep the preference in its current form.

“It’s worked for a long time,” he said. “It’s been a good thing.”

Vet, one of 4,200 mistakenly declared dead by VA, feels ‘resurrected’

Senators call for VA chief to resign over Disney remark",1
3324,Hillary Clinton apologizes for e-mail system: ‘I take responsibility’,"This post has been updated.

A day after again declining to apologize for her use of a private e-mail system while she was secretary of state, Hillary Rodham Clinton told an interviewer Tuesday that the arrangement was a mistake and that she is ""sorry"" for it.

“As I look back at it now, even though it was allowed, I should have used two accounts. That was a mistake. I’m sorry about that. I take responsibility,” Clinton said in an interview with ABC News.

The statement was the furthest Clinton has gone in showing remorse for the arrangement, which mingled her work and personal communications and kept them outside the regular State Department e-mail system. The FBI is investigating whether the system, maintained on a privately owned computer server at Clinton's New York home, jeopardized classified information.

In interviews Friday with NBC and Monday with the Associated Press, Clinton had declined to apologize, even as she said the arrangement was a poor choice that she regrets. She told NBC interviewer Andrea Mitchell that she is sorry the issue is confusing for people, but insisted that she had done nothing wrong.

She would not apologize, she told the AP, because “what I did was allowed.”

Republican critics had begun to use the question of an apology against her, undermining the campaign's plan to address the complex e-mail issue more directly and with greater humility. Questions about the private system have contributed to Clinton's slide in the polls, with more people saying they do not trust her.

A Washington Post/ABC News poll this month found that 53 percent of Americans now see Clinton unfavorably. That rating rose by 8 percentage points since earlier in the summer, tipping the balance to a majority of Americans now seeing her in an unfavorable light.

Clinton turned over copies of roughly 30,000 e-mails at the State Department's request late last year, nearly two years after she left office. At the same time she directed that a slightly larger number of e-mails stored on the server be destroyed because she deemed them personal and not part of her government business. Initially she refused to turn over the server, but did so in August.

Clinton told ABC that she did not send or receive classified material on the account and said she is “trying to be as transparent as I possibly can.”

Late Tuesday, the campaign sent a message to supporters in Clinton's name reiterating the apology. Donors and activists have been complaining to the campaign headquarters for weeks that the e-mail issue was being mishandled, and it largely is their concern and disappointment Clinton is trying to head off.

""I wanted you to hear this directly from me,"" this e-mailed statement to supporters said. ""Yes, I should have used two email addresses, one for personal matters and one for my work at the State Department. Not doing so was a mistake. I'm sorry about it, and I take full responsibility.""

Clinton went on to stress, as she regularly does, that her personal account was ""aboveboard,"" and that ""nothing I ever sent or received was marked classified at the time. ""

Despite the campaign’s effort to more directly confront its problems stemming from the e-mail saga, Clinton’s own reckoning with it still seemed grudging.

In March, she insisted that she had done everything by the State Department book and had nothing for which to answer; last month she said that she “gets it” that voters have questions. That was a significant shift — as was the decision to stop insisting the controversy was a manufactured Republican hit job.

But until now, Clinton had always said that although she would make a different choice today, there was nothing inherently wrong with setting up the system as she did.

Clinton’s reversal on making an apology echoed the protracted 2008 campaign discussion of whether she would say she was wrong or sorry about her Senate vote in support of the Iraq war.

In both cases, Clinton adopted a narrow and somewhat lawyerly stance at first, then came to a more direct show of remorse.",1
3572,The real reasons Iran is so committed to its nuclear program,"As the deadlines near for Iran and world powers to reach an agreement on the country's nuclear program — the first, on March 31, for a basic political framework — negotiations are focusing on what kind of program Iran can have. How much uranium and plutonium can it have? How many centrifuges can it use to develop more fuel? How long will restrictions be in place?

There's one fact, though, that is taken as assumed: Iran very badly wants a nuclear program. So badly that it has been willing to press ahead with the program, secretly as well as overtly, despite Western and UN sanctions that have crippled its economy, and despite repeated US warnings of possible military action.

Iran claims its program is entirely peaceful, but there are major reasons to doubt this, and it is generally taken as a given by analysts that the country has at least taken just-in-case steps partway toward building a bomb. Some facilities seem to serve little plausible function beyond nuclear weapons capability, though a point that Western intelligence agencies have made in the past is that building the capacity for making a bomb is not the same as deciding to make a bomb.

Whatever Iran's intentions, though, the country's dedication to nuclear enrichment even at such enormous costs can seem bizarrely counterproductive. So why is Iran so set on its nuclear program? There is no one dominant answer, but rather a few plausible explanations, some of which go against the most common Western perceptions and misperceptions of how Iran works. There is probably some truth to all of them.

Consider Tehran's view for a moment: Israeli and American leaders have been talking for years about bombing Iran or invading it outright. The Bush administration named Iran part of its ""axis of evil,"" alongside Iraq, which it invaded months later. For much of the last decade, the US has had thousands of troops in Iraq and Afghanistan, both Iran's neighbors.

Iranian leaders appear to sincerely believe that the United States is bent on their government's destruction. For example, the United States helped Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein in his brutal, years-long war against Iran, in which he killed thousands of Iranians, including with chemical weapons. It is difficult to overstate how traumatic the years-long war was for Iranians, how badly they want to prevent another such war. And nothing deters chemical weapon attacks like a nuclear weapon.

You will hear Iranians frequently mention Iran Air flight 655, a civilian airliner that the US military accidentally shot down in 1988, killing 290 civilians. In Iran, this is still frequently viewed as deliberate. Imagine you're an Iranian leader seeing all this. You might want a nuclear deterrent.

Also consider the timing of the program. When the ayatollahs came to power in the 1979 Islamic revolution, they at first cancelled the country's nuclear program, but then re-started it after Saddam invaded in 1980.

""Tehran wanted to guard against a future surprise analogous to Iraq's repeated use of chemical weapons,"" writes Shahram Chubin of the Carnegie Endowment. More recently, Iran has been embroiled in low-level proxy conflicts with Israel and Saudi Arabia, and with what it sees as a defensive conflict against the hostile West.

It's important to remember that Iran sees itself as isolated in the world, despite intimations of occasional Russian or Chinese support. Save for proxies such as Hezbollah and the Syrian government, it sees the Middle East as largely aligned against it. It is also important to remember that its leaders, in power only since 1979, feel weak and isolated. Current Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei in particular has never been very confident in power.

That sense of insecurity feeds into a rational desire for deterrence against external threats, but it also creates a less rational belief in anti-Iran conspiracies or an impending American invasion. When the US threatens to bomb Iran to stop a nuclear program, Iranian leaders can misread this as a desire to destroy the Iranian state itself, which would make them more likely to want a nuclear deterrent, which only makes the US threaten more strenuously.

Iran's national pride runs deep, and with good reason: It has been an active center of cultural, scientific, religious and political thought for many centuries. It's also still upset, again with reason, about decades of Western interference during the 19th and 20th centuries.

The nuclear program is a way in which Iran affirms, to itself and to the world, that it is an advanced and sovereign nation. It's a way of saying: we are not inferior to the world powers, even though you treat us that way, but are in fact equals.

It's also a way of defying what Iran sees as continued Western efforts to control, exploit or weaken Iran. The more that the world tells Iran it cannot have a nuclear program, the more important building such a program becomes for the cause of Iranian nationalism.

This is part of why Iranian leaders so often state that they want world powers to affirm Iran's right to enrich uranium and to respect Iran's ""dignity"" — a word that top officials use frequently. This isn't posturing — they really mean it.

In November 2013, as nuclear talks got underway, Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif released a video articulating Iran's position. He spent very little time talking about actual nuclear policies — the meat and potatoes of the negotiations — and lots of time saying things like, ""We expect and demand respect for our dignity."" He frequently mentioned phrases such as ""equal footing"" and ""mutual respect."" The video was taken as bizarre and inexplicable by Americans, because they could not see that this demand for respect was not a side issue — it was central for Iran.

There was a brief moment, after the US invasions of Afghanistan in 2001 and Iraq in 2003 (both Iran's neighbors) where Tehran seemed eager to strike a deal with the West over its nuclear program. There are many reasons that fell apart — Dick Cheney personally worked to torpedo any communications, for example — but a crucial one was Iranian politics.

Iran's anti-US hard-liners took the parliament in 2004, and the presidency in 2005 with the election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. The hard-liners turned the nuclear program into something of a partisan wedge issue, using it to weaken reformers and moderates who wanted to compromise the program to soften relations with the West.

""Both Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei used the nuclear issue to stigmatize reformists, depicting them as defeatists willing to negotiate away Iran's interests,"" Chubin writes. ""Their use of the nuclear issue as an instrument of partisan politics ended the phase when the nuclear program was supposed to be a national issue. And debate was actively discouraged.""

This was great politics for Ahmadinejad and other hard-liners. But it made it much more difficult for him or other Iranian leaders to compromise on the program. They were too invested in the program, politically, to back down — even if backing down would have been in Iran's national interests.

""By 2010,"" Chubin writes, ""the divide over Iran's nuclear program had more to do with domestic politics-and very little to do with what many of the key players actually wanted to see happen.""

Ahmadinejad is out of power, but the hard-liners are still powerful. They have particular influence over Khamenei, who as supreme leader is the ultimate decision-maker. Because of the way Khamenei came to power — his religious credentials are weak, and his political credibility never as strong as predecessor and national founder Ruhollah Khomeini — he's long caved to hard-liners, who he fears could turn against him.

Since Iran become the Islamic Republic in the 1979 revolution, it has seen the Middle East as a battleground for its influence. This is meant as both defensive and offensive; ever since Saddam invaded, Iranian leaders have feared that hostile, Western-backed Arab leaders could do them terrible harm. And Tehran sees pro-American Sunni powers such as Saudi Arabia as inherently hostile.

But Iran is also expansive and aggressive in the region, supporting proxy terror groups such as Hamas and Hezbollah both as a deterrent against American or Israeli threats and as a way to project its power. In the context of this regional struggle for power, a nuclear weapon starts to make a lot more sense. Not as something that Tehran would want to actually use, but as a way to get away with other sorts of trouble-making.

Clifton W. Sherrill of Troy University explained in a 2012 issue of Nonproliferation Review how Iran could use a nuclear weapon as not just a deterrent but a way to give itself cover for bullying its neighbors and generally projecting more power in the region, where competition for influence is already high, and the stakes are enormous.

""The regime believes nuclear weapons would deter foreign military strikes targeting the Iranian homeland, making the Iranian use of conventional military force abroad less risky,"" Sherrill writes. ""At a minimum, possession of nuclear arms would allow Iran greater policy flexibility in the Middle East.""

That likely means using proxy groups, such as Hezbollah in Lebanon, even more aggressively to threaten and bully other countries in the region. That also means pushing harder to support pro-Iran militant groups in countries such as Syria and Yemen where Iran sees itself as competing for influence. The idea is that Iran can be more brazen and aggressive with these non-nuclear threats because its nuclear weapon would scare other countries out of retaliating.

That bullying could also have implications for energy politics; Iran might feel it could force ""demands in the Persian Gulf regarding disputed islands or natural gas fields"" or ""desires regarding production quotas"" within OPEC, Sherrill warns. And he points to nuclear-armed Pakistan as an example of how this all can happen:

Despite widespread misconceptions to the contrary in the US — often pushed by politicians who wish to play up the Iranian threat for political gain — there is no reason to believe that Iran wants to launch an offensive nuclear strike against the US, Israel, or any other country.

The well-established logic of nukes would make any war against other nuclear powers a loser for Iran. This is because powers such as the US and Israel have what is called second-strike capability, meaning that even if Iran got off a nuclear strike, the country would still be destroyed by the retaliation. There is no cost-benefit calculation by which an offensive strike would make sense for Iran.

As Sherrill explained, ""It is highly unlikely that the Islamist regime plans to actually detonate a nuclear weapon in an offensive attack. Both of the obvious targets, the United States and Israel, have a second-strike nuclear arsenal capable of threatening the Islamist regime's survival.""

Some argue that Iran's leaders are inherently irrational because of their religion and would be willing to launch a suicidal war against the US or Israel. As Newt Gingrich once put it, for example, ""It's impossible to deter them. What are you going to threaten?""

The seemingly sole piece of evidence that Iran's leaders have spent the last 36 years secretly plotting a suicidal war is the idea that their interpretation of Shia Islam foretells of a messiah who will return on the apocalypse. While Ahmadinejad did reference this idea many times, he was alone in this, as Matt Duss of the Foundation for Middle East Peace explains, and was widely rebuked by Shia scholars and his own country's political and clerical establishments.

Actual readings of Iran's official Shia theology by actual religious scholars, Duss finds, reach the opposite conclusion that Newt Gingrich did: Iranian leaders see it as their religious duty to preserve their system, not destroy it in a fiery war with Israel. As scholar Mehdi Khalaji told Duss, ""As the theory of the guardianship of the jurist requires, the most significant task of the Supreme Leader is to safeguard the regime, even by overruling Islamic law.""

Meanwhile, there is ample evidence that Iranian leaders are just as rationally invested in self-preservation as anyone else. You can't hold up a political system as complex and besieged as Iran's without being shrewdly self-interested. If Iran's Islamic regime were really looking for a suicidal war in which to martyr itself, the eight-year war with Iraq offered many such opportunities, none of which they took.

There are a number of reasons that Iran wants a nuclear program and has taken steps toward a nuclear bomb. Some of those reasons are rational and others are not. But a desire to launch an offensive strike against another country is not one of them.",1
367,"Democratic challengers launch attacks against Clinton, party leadership","Hillary Rodham Clinton sought to cement her standing as the rightful leader of the Democratic Party here Friday, but two of her challengers launched a fierce counterattack against her and a party establishment they see as trying to hand her the 2016 presidential nomination.

What began as a routine forum of candidate speeches evolved into a surprisingly dramatic day at the Democratic National Committee’s summer meeting, as Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley issued thinly veiled attacks on Clinton and the party leadership.

Speaking from the dais, with DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz sitting a few feet away, O’Malley blasted the party’s limited number of sanctioned debates as a process “rigged” in favor of the front-runner. The DNC is holding six debates, only four before February’s first caucuses in Iowa, which O’Malley argued is a disadvantage for all the candidates and a disservice to Democrats generally.

“This sort of rigged process has never been attempted before,” said O’Malley, who has struggled to gain traction in the polls. He added: “We are the Democratic Party, not the undemocratic party.”

Sanders — who later told reporters he agreed with O’Malley — lamented low Democratic turnout in last year’s midterm elections and said the party must grow beyond “politics as usual” if it hopes to produce the level of voter enthusiasm required to retain the White House in 2016.

“We need a movement which takes on the economic and political establishment, not one which is part of that establishment,” said Sanders, who is an independent but caucuses with Democrats in the Senate.

Asked later whether he was speaking specifically about Clinton, he told reporters, “I’ll let you use your imagination on that.”

The barbs from Sanders and O’Malley came as Clinton and her campaign flexed their organizational muscle here. The front-

runner and her top aides worked aggressively behind the scenes this week to secure commitments from party leaders pledging to be delegates for her in next summer’s nominating convention in Philadelphia.

Clinton’s organizational push sent a clear signal to Vice President Biden, who has been weighing a late entry into the 2016 campaign, that he would begin far behind her.

In her address to a ballroom full of DNC members, Clinton sought to position herself as the undisputed Democratic standard-

bearer. She fired up the party faithful with a call to arms against Republicans as dangerously out of touch and peppered her remarks with gibes at current GOP front-runner Donald Trump — including a suggestion that his hair, although natural, is dyed like her own.

“The party of Lincoln has become the party of Trump,” Clinton said. She mocked Trump for suggesting that she did not understand women’s health issues and that he would be a better advocate. “Now that’s a general election debate that’s going to be a lot of fun,” she said.

Clinton said that Trump is getting most of the media attention this summer but that the other Republican candidates are making statements that ought to scare mainstream voters. “They’re Trump without the pizazz and the hair,” she said.

Clinton made no reference in her speech to the controversy surrounding her use of a private ­e-mail server while secretary of state. When asked about it later in a news conference, Clinton said: “I have said repeatedly that I did not send nor receive classified material, and I’m very confident when this entire process plays out, that will be understood by everyone. It will prove what I have been saying.”

Former Rhode Island governor Lincoln Chafee raised eyebrows when he touted himself as ­scandal-free in his remarks. He later said this was not “a direct swipe at anybody.” But pressed on how Clinton has handled the ­e-mail issue, Chafee said: “The rules are the rules, and we all have to adhere to them, and when you don’t, you suffer the consequences. Unfortunately this is self-

inflicted.”

The fifth declared candidate, former senator Jim Webb of Virginia, did not attend because he was taking his daughter to college.

O’Malley used his time onstage to highlight his dissatisfaction with the DNC’s management of the debates. He argued forcefully that as Trump and other Republican candidates dominate news coverage with inflammatory rhetoric, Democrats would be wise to hold more, not fewer, nationally televised debates to highlight the differences between the parties.

“Will we let the circus run unchallenged on every channel while we cower in shadows under a decree of silence in the ranks? Or will we demand equal time to showcase our ideas?” O’Malley asked.

He slammed what he called a “cynical move” to limit the debates to six and to hold the only New Hampshire debate on a Saturday night in mid-December, the peak of the holiday shopping season.

“Whose decree is this exactly?” he asked provocatively. “Where did it come from? To what end or purpose?”

Wasserman Schultz, who was visibly miffed by O’Malley’s speech, said in an interview Thursday that she had consulted widely with past DNC chairs, as well as with the campaigns, before setting the debate schedule.

“We felt like this structure for actual debates was really the best one that could give maximum exposure that voters need to make a decision but that also would be manageable and give the candidates the opportunity and the time to go out and campaign in a retail way,” she said.",1
154,"After nearly five years, Boehner could never land the ‘big deal’ he wanted","John A. Boehner never landed the really big deal he craved. Not the $4 trillion tax-and-entitlement deal he reached for in 2011, not the repackaged version a year later and not the immigration overhaul he sought in 2014.

He most clearly learned the limits of his power midway through his nearly five-year tenure as House speaker when he scaled down his ambitions for “Plan B” — a tactical gambit aimed at forcing Democrats to preserve Republican tax cuts. Conservatives rebelled because those making more than $1 million would have faced tax increases, and Boehner (Ohio) was left reading the “Serenity Prayer” to his Republican colleagues.

“God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change,” the speaker said.

That utter defeat left him unable to “go big,” as he liked to say, his effort to find a legacy-defining piece of legislation coming largely to a close. In the three years since, he mostly has been treading water.

This month, Boehner found himself in much the same position as before. But conservatives weren’t revolting over tax cuts or a farm bill or health-care legislation. This time, they were after his job.

On Friday, he decided to spare his party another fight, particularly one that was all about him. In the same basement room where he abandoned “Plan B,” he announced his resignation, ending a run as speaker that came to be defined by internal revolts and missed opportunities.

[What John Boehner told me the night before he was quitting]

On Sept. 17, Republicans swore in their 247th member, giving them their largest House majority since 1930. Yet Boehner could never please his most conservative members. Fiscal deals negotiated with President Obama produced more than $2 trillion in savings and made the GOP’s tax cuts permanent for 99 percent of workers, but the far right painted both deals as sellouts.

Despite his early years as an agitator, Boehner never overcame the image that the conservatives saw: a country club Republican who loved to play 18 holes of golf and drink merlot afterward while cutting deals. In an era of shouting and confrontation, on talk radio or cable TV, Boehner’s easygoing style did not fit.

“John was fighting the 21st-century battles with 1990s tools, and you can’t just do that with a president of either party who is willing to push the envelopes of executive power,” Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.), one of the lead rebels, said after Boehner’s surprise announcement Friday morning.

Aside from a Quixotic effort to cajole support for immigration legislation, Boehner has been stuck with a caucus bitterly divided between those willing to accept incremental progress toward conservative goals and those, like Mulvaney, willing to blow up the normal courtesies and practices in Washington.

“It’s like the Marine Corps: You spend 90 percent of your time on 10 percent of your guys,” Rep. Duncan D. Hunter (R-Calif.), an Iraq war veteran who still serves in the Marine Corps Reserve, said Friday. “I think that’s what ended up happening with Boehner toward the end, the last year or two. There was so much time dealing with fractious stuff inside the conference that it took a lot of time away from doing other things.”

Boehner decided to retire, effective Oct. 30, after his emotional reaction to Pope Francis’s visit on Thursday to the Capitol. The speaker spent the night at an Italian restaurant on Barracks Row with close friends and then Friday morning at his regular diner two blocks from the Capitol, where he affirmed his decision.

It was a long fall from September 2010, when Boehner and his leadership team introduced the “Pledge to America,” their governing document touted in the final days of the midterm election campaign that delivered a Republican House majority.

[How speakers of the House became an endangered species]

That 2010 class — 87 Republicans strong — ushered Boehner into the speaker’s chair but brought with it dozens of lawmakers from deeply conservative districts that distrusted all of Washington, Republicans and Democrats alike. Dozens of the freshmen became loyal foot soldiers to leadership, but they also feared that their biggest political risk would come in a Republican primary, not from a Democrat in a general election.

That meant that when the most conservative members aligned themselves with outside conservative groups pushing for a harder line, these more moderate Republicans sometimes bucked Boehner out of fear.

The first warning sign for the new speaker came within weeks of him taking over, when Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), the fiscal expert for the caucus, presented a proposal for cutting about $40 billion from the 2012 federal agency budgets. The freshmen revolted, citing the “Pledge to America” and its call for $100 billion in cuts. Never mind that the fiscal year was half over; they wanted deeper reductions.

Boehner gave in, sending his troops back to draw up greater cuts to appease the right flank.

That scenario played out repeatedly throughout his term, most dramatically in the summer of 2011 when Boehner and Obama — after a much-hyped round of golf at Joint Base Andrews in Maryland — entered into negotiations aimed at a $4 trillion fiscal package of spending cuts and entitlement reforms.

Some called it the “grand bargain,” but Boehner called it the “big deal.” During one bargaining session in the White House Cabinet Room, he grew frustrated about the inability to reach an agreement, as Obama sat to his left and his deputy, then-Rep. Eric Cantor (R-Va.), was on his right.

“I didn’t want this job to have a big title. I want to do big things,” Boehner told the group, according to a Democrat in the room.

[The Fix: John Boehner just sacrificed his career for the good of the GOP]

But as the talks grew close, Boehner balked at a demand from Obama for more than $1 trillion in tax increases.

The two leaders traded blame in dueling news conferences. As often happened, the Senate Republican leader, Mitch McConnell (Ky.), stepped into the breach to reach a compromise that left conservatives griping.

The pattern repeated with more negotiations and retreats later that year and, after another McConnell-brokered compromise passed in late 2012, the new Congress was sworn in. A ragtag group of Republicans moved to deny Boehner the speaker’s gavel for a second term — the first of what would become effectively three coup attempts against him.

With Democrats voting for their leader, Rep. Nancy Pelosi (Calif.), the conservatives tried to get enough Republicans to deny Boehner the majority. They had no alternative, no real plan, and it fell apart after several members prayed on whether to spare Boehner.

“Gone are the days when the leaders decide what the conference is going to do,” Rep. Lynn Jenkins (Kan.), who has been a low-level member of GOP leadership, said in the spring of 2013.

Boehner thought of retiring at the end of 2014, but Cantor lost in a stunning upset to a conservative who has linked arms with others against Boehner. With no heir apparent, he soldiered on through another coup attempt during a speaker vote in January and, as he said Friday, he had decided privately to retire at the end of this year.

But those botched coup attempts also sowed the seeds of an idea that would haunt him: that if they ever got enough rebels together, they could force a vote to deny him a majority from the Republican side of the aisle.

No speaker had ever lost his gavel under such a scenario, and his friends said that Boehner never wanted to rely on Democratic votes to keep the job. As a fight unfolded over the past two months about federal funding for Planned Parenthood, it became clear that 30 or more Republicans may have been willing to oust him if he extended government funding without a fight over the group.

The institution would endure a grueling ballot, and members he liked would have to take tough votes on Boehner’s behalf. So on Friday morning, a day after ­Francis’s address to a joint meeting of Congress, in the same room where his other fights ended, Boehner turned to the “Prayer of Saint Francis” to announce his retirement.

“For it is in giving that we receive; it is in pardoning that we are pardoned; and it is in dying that we are born to eternal life,” he said.",1
4854,Black Millennials: Don’t Help Donald Trump,"OK, in the ’90s, the Clintons backed some bad things. But they backed some good things. Whatever. The ’90s aren’t what matters. The future is.

With the election less than two months away, there still remains plenty of cause for concern regarding the black vote and Hillary Clinton. Clinton and the Democrats inevitably were going to win the lion’s share of the black vote, but that has never been enough. Clinton needs to win a share of the black vote similar to Barack Obama’s to ensure that the Democrats retain the White House. And black voters need to flex their electoral might to show that 2008 and 2012 were not flukes buoyed by America’s first black president. Presently, neither seem foregone conclusions, and the majority of the uncertainty resides with young black voters.

As a young black voter myself I’ve heard countless reasons why black millennials may not want to vote for Clinton this year. While each argument may consist of some valid points, on average they display a myopic naïveté that undermines the progress they intend to forge and projects some of the less desirable narratives attributed to millennials.

I’ve spoken to older African Americans too, and many remain perplexed by the willful disenfranchisement expressed by this younger generation. Also, this generation’s fixation on the Clintons of the 1990s—with an emphasis on their faults and not their successes—instead of the Clintons of today remains baffling to the older generation.

African Americans do not condone Hillary’s “super predators” comment from 1996; nor do they embrace Bill’s tough on crime policies, which were an extension of the policing measures of the two previous presidential administrations. Yet America was far less racially progressive in the 1990s than it is today.

And besides, the Clintons’ policies on racial questions didn’t begin and end with crime. They actively sought the black vote, welcomed the opinions of African Americans, and hired African Americans for administration and cabinet positions at rates that were previously unheard of. He defended and saved affirmative action at a moment when it was on death row. It’s disingenuous of people to forget all these good things.

Additionally, older African Americans remember how Bill Clinton won traditionally Republican states such as Georgia, Arkansas, Louisiana, Tennessee, and Kentucky on his way to the White House in 1992. The Clintons dismantled Richard Nixon’s Southern Strategy, which hinged on stoking the racial animus of white Americans to win Southern states and secure the presidency for Republicans. That’s a big part of why the GOP became hell bent on destroying the Clintons.

And while they failed at that, they succeeded at defeating Al Gore, his chosen successor, and facilitating racial divisions. The parallels between unprecedented Republican attacks on Bill Clinton’s and Obama’s presidencies due to their ability to create radical electoral shifts by engaging and enfranchising African Americans should be obvious for anyone who reexamines the 1990s.

Yet irrationally, some young black voters have instead chosen to fixate on the mistakes of the Clintons, and parrot the disparaging conservative rhetoric of the 1990s regarding them. And in doing so, black millennials may be contributing to creating another improbable window for a divisive Republican candidate to claim the presidency.

In addition to a bizarre mis-recollection of the 1990s, these black millennials also exude a desire for perfection and a reluctance to settling. Since neither candidate is perfect in their eyes, they say they are now forced to chosen between the lesser of two evils, and they argue that there is an inherent injustice in being forced into this situation. Plenty of young white millennials who supported Bernie Sanders expressed similar sentiments.

But this amounts to willful disenfranchisement. Willfully disengaging or voting for a third party candidate who more closely embodies their idea of perfection seems an adequate recourse for some young black voters instead of settling for one of the two major candidates. Yet the collective impact of this action will only result in stunting the progress black millennials hope to achieve.

The increased weight of black voices in American society does not stem from a national, progressive moral epiphany or even the presence of the Obamas in the White House. Our louder voice exists now because African Americans voted at unprecedented rates for two consecutive presidential elections, and our enhanced electoral voice forced America to listen to us. In 2012, 66 percent of eligible African American voters voted, surpassing the percentage of white voters—for the first time in history—by 2 percent. In 2008, 65 percent voted.

The young black voters who remain reluctant to vote for Clinton assume that our societal influence has become the new norm. They have remained focused on striving to improve American society and simultaneously oblivious to the profound threat posed by a Trump presidency for African Americans and other minorities. This is a privileged perspective that older African Americans struggle to comprehend.",1
2510,The myth of the ‘anchor baby’ deportation defense,"Donald Trump said it; Jeb Bush said it, too.

Frankly, a whole range of people have used the term ""anchor baby"" this week in public discussions about Trump's immigration-related policy ideas -- ideas that include an end to the nearly 150-year-old practice of granting citizenship to anyone born in the United States.

It's the former, known as ""birthright citizenship,"" which is delineated in the 14th Amendment to the Constitution. And as all sorts of public figures have discussed the future of the 14th Amendment this week, the more colloquial -- many say pejorative -- term ""anchor baby"" has come up over and over again.

But the anchor baby, while potent politically, is a largely mythical idea.

Here's the basic concept: People, namely women, come to the United States illegally and give birth to children, generally for the specific purpose of bolstering legal attempts of the child's parents remain in the United States or even become citizens themselves.

Looser definitions suggest ""anchor babies"" can simply be intended to help illegal-immigrant parents access taxpayer-financed public education and/or social services through their citizen children -- another political hot button, to be sure. (Even here, the law limits those benefits to the children themselves.)

But usually the debate has been about the residency of the parents, who after all are supposed to be using the child as their ""anchor.""

This is the definition that has little legal underpinning. For illegal immigrant parents, being the parent of a U.S. citizen child almost never forms the core of a successful defense in an immigration court. In short, if the undocumented parent of a U.S.-born child is caught in the United States, he or she legally faces the very same risk of deportation as any other immigrant.

The only thing that a so-called anchor baby can do to assist either of their undocumented parents involves such a long game that it's not a practical immigration strategy, said Greg Chen, an immigration law expert and director of The American Immigration Lawyers Association, a trade group that also advocates for immigrant-friendly reforms. That long game is this: If and when a U.S. citizen reaches the age of 21, he or she can then apply for a parent to obtain a visa and green card and eventually enter the United States legally.

In order to apply for such an option, the parent of a so-called anchor baby would need to do all of the following.

If a person has lived in the United States unlawfully for a period of more than 180 days but less than one year, there is an automatic three-year bar on that person ever reentering the United States -- and that's before any wait time for a visa. So that's a minimum of 21 years for the child to mature, plus the three-year wait.

And, for the vast majority of these parents, a longer wait also applies. If a person has lived in the United States illegally for a year or more, there is a 10-year ban on that person reentering the United States. So, in that case, there would be the 21-year wait for the child to mature to adulthood, plus the 10-year wait.

All told, the parents of the so-called anchor baby face a 24-to-31-year wait to even enter the United States, much less obtain a visa and green card or become a citizen.

Want proof? See Sections 212(a)(9)(i) and 212 (a)(9)(ii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) -- or spend an afternoon in your nearest, severely backlogged immigration court.

[Immigration Court backlog grows to more than 450,000 cases]

Immigration courts routinely reject claims that an undocumented parent must remain in the United States to care for a U.S. citizen child. The main but rare legal exceptions are for children who are so seriously ill or profoundly disabled that one parent must care for them full-time, or for a child in need of medical care unavailable in their parents' home country.

These parents are given something called ""humanitarian parole,"" Chen explained. And this is very rarely applied to people already living in the United States illegally. It is more often given to the parents of, say, an Afghan war burn victim who want to accompany their child to the United States for medical care. And, even then, humanitarian parole is generally granted for limited period of time.

Alternatively, these parents can apply for something even more rare: an extreme hardship exception, according to Deborah Anker, a clinical professor of law and director of the Harvard University Law School’s immigration and refugee clinical program. Very rarely they can apply for a waiver that may allow them to reenter the United States sooner, Anker said. But if that request is denied, there is no form of appeal available. Decisions are final.

Yes, it is true that some undocumented immigrants come to the United States and have children with or perhaps even because of the mistaken belief that this will strengthen a legal bid to remain in the United States. Mistaken beliefs have spurred previous surges in illegal immigration -- including last year's.

And it is true that some people -- such as breast-feeding mothers, children brought to the United States illegally as children and others -- have benefited from the immigration system equivalent of proprietorial discretion, known as ""deferred action.""

But with the exception of an Obama administration program known as DACA (limited to an estimated 1.2 million young adults brought to the United States illegally as children) and a second program currently blocked by a federal court that would have granted deferred action to another 300,000 people (mostly the parents of those eligible for DACA), deferred actions typically come with a short and limited timeline. They also do not include a pathway to a visa or legal work in the United States. And these programs did not exist when the concept of an ""anchor baby"" was politically popularized, so it becomes harder to accept the idea that having an ""anchor baby"" was the express goal of many people immigrating illegally.

It's also important to note that, as of August 2014, only about 550,000 DACA applications had been approved, according to a Pew research Center analysis of federal data. And even these applicants must wait until their 21st birthday to begin the lengthy process described above to attempt to help an undocumented parent. And ""attempt"" is the key word here.

And if you're still skeptical, here's the real proof that having a baby in the United States does little to help an undocumented parent remain in the United States, there's this:

In 2011, there were at least 5,000 children in state custody or foster care because an undocumented parent or parents has been deported, according to a study released by the Applied Research Center, a New York-based think tank that focuses on racial and social justice issues. Some estimates put that figure even higher today. Immigration and Customs Enforcement sent mandatory reports to the Senate that among other things revealed that during 2013, the agency deported 72,410 people who told federal authorities they have one or more U.S. citizen children.

Each of these children and their parents certainly know the ""anchor baby"" is not real.",1
1936,Ranking the 2016 Republican field,"A prominent Republican consultant — who isn’t working for any of the 2016 presidential candidates and has been right more times than I can count — said something that shocked me when we had lunch recently. He said that Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) had about the same odds of becoming the Republican presidential nominee as former Florida governor Jeb Bush.

Jaw-dropper, right? After all, the conventional wisdom is that Bush, the son and brother of presidents, is the Republican standard-bearer, while Cruz, a conservative’s conservative, is a factor, sure, but not someone who could actually win the nomination.

How, I asked the consultant, could he say such a thing? He explained it this way.

Think of the Republican field as a series of lanes. In this race, there are four of them: establishment, tea party, social conservative and libertarian. The four lanes are not of equal size: Establishment is the biggest, followed by tea party, social conservative and then libertarian.

Obviously, the fight for the top spot in the establishment lane is crowded, with Bush and possibly Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker leading at the moment. Ditto the social-conservative lane, with former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, Ben Carson and Rick Santorum pushing hard there. The libertarian lane is all Sen. Rand Paul’s, but, as I noted above, it’s still not that big.

This leaves the tea party lane, which is both relatively large and entirely Cruz’s. While Paul looked as though he might try to fight Cruz for supremacy in that lane at one time, it’s clear from his recent moves that the senator from Kentucky is trying to become a player in a bunch of lanes, including social conservative and establishment. So, Cruz is, without question, the dominant figure in the tea party lane.

What that means — particularly in the early stages of the primary process in places such as Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina — is that he will probably be able to win, place or show repeatedly, racking up enough strong-ish performances to keep going even as the establishment and social-conservative lanes thin out. (Cruz’s ability to raise money, which remains a question, is less important for him than it is for other candidates — especially those in the establishment lane. His people are going to be for him no matter how much — or little — communicating he does with them.)

The trick for Cruz, the consultant said, is to hang around long enough to be the preeminent figure not only in the tea party lane but also in the social-conservative lane. (Cruz is decidedly conservative on social issues and talks regularly on the campaign trail about his faith. ) The complicating figure in that consolidation effort is Huckabee, who is (a) likely to run, (b) an ordained Southern Baptist minister and (c) likely to be able to stay in the race for an extended period because of the number of early Southern primaries.

But let’s assume, for the sake of argument, that Cruz is able to outlast Huckabee (as well as Carson and Santorum). If you combine the tea party and social-conservative lanes, that’s a pretty wide berth for any candidate hoping to be the GOP nominee. Is it as wide as a consolidated establishment lane behind Bush or Walker or Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.)? No one knows just yet, but it’s probably pretty close.

So watch Cruz. The combination of his running room as the race’s one true tea party candidate, his debating and oratorical skills, and his willingness to always, on every issue, stake out the most conservative position make him a real threat.

The 10 candidates with the best chance of being the Republican candidate in 2016 are ranked below. The No. 1 candidate has the best shot as of today.

10. Indiana Gov. Mike Pence. Pence hasn’t ruled out a run, though he’s probably got to choose between running for president and reelection in 2016. One recent development: Pence expanded Medicaid in Indiana after negotiating some concessions from the Obama administration — though we’re not sure whether this would help or hurt him in 2016.

9. Huckabee. The former Arkansas governor is giving every indication he is running. If he does, he will be a factor because of his strong following among social conservatives. An NBC-Marist poll released Sunday showed him on top of the field in Iowa.

8. Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal. Jindal is the résumé candidate in the GOP field. He’s shown us little besides that, though, apart from occasionally tossing some red meat to the conservative base. The latest example: not backing down from his comments on “no-go zones” for non-Muslims in Europe.

6. (tie) Cruz. See above. Remember that although he is roundly derided by his colleagues — Democrats and Republicans — in the Senate, he may be closer to how the GOP base feels on most issues than anyone else running.

6. (tie) Ohio Gov. John Kasich. After lying dormant for a few months after his convincing 2014 reelection victory, Kasich will spend two days this week in South Carolina. That trip will spark some buzz about whether he will run, but Kasich may have waited too long — Walker, another Midwestern governor from a swing state, is on the rise.

5. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. Increasingly, it’s looking as if Christie missed his window for running for president in 2012. A new Rutgers-Eagleton poll shows that his favorable rating in New Jersey has dropped to 37 percent — after topping out at nearly 70 percent. And it’s not just his home state. Polls of likely GOP voters in Iowa and New Hampshire show that he is the most unliked Republican not named Donald Trump.

4. Paul. Speaking of people whose stock is dropping, the senator’s vaccine comments continue to baffle us — especially because he continues to play the victim card. Yes, there is a segment of the GOP that probably likes the idea that Paul is taking on the “liberal media.” But there’s also a much bigger portion of the party that will look at his vaccine flap and see Ron Paul 2.0.

3. Rubio. Yes, his path to the nomination is complicated by Bush’s all-but-announced candidacy. But if Republican voters are looking for a fresh face who could, theoretically, expand the party’s appeal, then Rubio could be the dark horse in the race.

2. Walker. The Wisconsin governor is clearly ascendant right now, thanks in large part to his strong speech at an Iowa confab a few weekends ago. His ham-handed handling of an evolution question, however, and his decision not to answer questions in London during a trade mission are not good signs.

1. Bush. The former Florida governor remains the top dog , and he got a big break when Mitt Romney opted not to run. Bush probably would have remained No. 1 even if Romney had got in, but the 2012 nominee’s exit makes Bush the obvious choice for GOP establishment types — read: big donors — to rally around.",1
887,A shutout for Donald Trump - The Boston Globe,"Say what you will about Donald Trump, but the man is winner. Trump didn’t just wallop his opponents Tuesday — he crushed them. Up 41 percent in Delaware, 40 percent in Rhode Island, 37 percent in Pennsylvania, 33 percent in Maryland, 30 percent in Connecticut, he’s estimated to have won 110 delegates, versus five for Kasich and three for Cruz.

If the race for the GOP nomination were a Little League game, the mercy rule would be imposed.

Here’s where we stand today. Ted Cruz is mathematically eliminated from winning the Republican nomination before the convention in Cleveland. John Kasich has now won a single state — Ohio — where he is governor. If ever there were a series of states that would at least theoretically be fertile territory for him, it would be the Northeast, home of the last vestiges of Republican moderates. Yet, he didn’t crack 30 percent anywhere. Republicans can talk all they want about Never Trump and trying to stop him at the RNC in Cleveland. They can talk about changing the rules and holding out hope that a white knight candidate will emerge. It isn’t going to happen. Either Trump is the nominee or he’ll burn the whole thing to the ground. If you’re a gambler, go all in on the former.

It is worth stepping back, however, and noting that Trump’s hammerlock over the party — and his ascendancy within the GOP — is astounding. He’s a political amateur who never held elected office; he’s a xenophobe, a bully, and a misogynist and he has run directly against the leadership of the party he hopes to lead. Yet, today he stands on the cusp of winning the nomination of the party of Lincoln, Eisenhower, Nixon, and Reagan. I know we’ve all become inured to Trump’s insults, his know-nothingness, and his crudeness, but it can’t be said enough — truly we are living in a political moment unlike anything that any of us has seen before.

Here’s what might be even more amazing: Trump’s position as the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party is not the most remarkable political event this year. Rather, it’s that the Democratic Party is poised to nominate the first woman to be a major party candidate for president. Somehow this constantly seems to be forgotten; and whether you like Hillary Clinton or despise her, that America is poised to nominate a woman for president is a big deal.

Tuesday night, Clinton racked up four more primary wins, including the delegate-rich states of Maryland and Pennsylvania. Only in Rhode Island did Bernie Sanders thwart her. Early on in the evening, before all the races had been called, he gave a “victory” speech in West Virginia that not only left unmentioned the evening’s results, but plowed forward with confidence about the road ahead. It’s a fitting metaphor for the Sanders campaign, which increasingly seems to operate in a realm completely divorced from reality. Sanders cannot and will not win the Democratic nomination. Period.

Indeed, in her victory speech, Clinton — as she has increasingly done — simply ignored Sanders. Instead she aimed her daggers at her real target, Donald Trump. The Democratic race will continue, but for all intents and purposes, it is over. Clinton can now begin her pivot to the general election, and Sanders can play out the string.

What we now with some certainty is that we’re only a few months away from an historic, unprecedented presidential campaign — and no matter which candidate wins on Election Day, history will be made.",1
2971,Ex-military intel officer says White House delaying announcement of Bergdahl desertion charge,"A former military intelligence officer claimed Tuesday that the White House was delaying the announcement of its decision to file desertion charges against Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who was released by Taliban-aligned militants last year in exchange for five Guantanamo prisoners.

In defending claims he originally made Monday on ""The O'Reilly Factor"" that Bergdahl would be charged, retired Lt. Col. Tony Shaffer told Bill O'Reilly that there was ""no doubt"" the White House was dragging out its decision.

His original accusation had resulted in a strong denial from the Pentagon earlier in the day.

""They said there's no time limit on this decision. (Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John) Kirby even said there's no pressure ... Of course, the moment you say that, there's pressure,"" said Shaffer, who works at the London Center for Policy Research. ""What they didn't say was more compelling than their denial.""

Shaffer, who believes the White House's alleged decision to delay its announcement is politically motivated, added that he stands by ""all of those facts,"" referring to his report on Monday that Bergdahl's lawyer has been given a statement of charges.

Kirby, meanwhile, on Wednesday stood by his claim that no charges have been filed. Asked whether there was political pressure to delay the charges, he said, ""that is the most ludicrous claim I've heard in the last few days.""

Maj. Gen. Ronald F. Lewis, the Army's chief of public affairs, put out a statement Tuesday afternoon calling the reports, including a similar one by NBC News, ""patently false.""

""To be clear there have been no actions or decisions on the Sgt. Bergdahl investigation,"" he said. ""The investigation is still with the commanding general of U.S. Army Forces Command who will determine appropriate action -- which ranges from no further action to convening a court martial.""

Kirby earlier said Bergdahl ""has not been charged,"" and no charges have been referred. ""No decision has been made with respect to the case of Sgt. Bergdahl, none,"" he said. ""And there is no timeline to make that decision."" He said he would not ""speculate"" about what might happen in the future.

Eugene Fidell, Bergdahl's lawyer, did not comment when reached by Fox News earlier Tuesday.

Shaffer said Monday that Bergdahl's attorney has been given a ""charge sheet"" outlining the section of the military justice code Bergdahl allegedly violated.

""As a corporate entity, the Army has decided that they want to pursue Bergdahl for this violation,"" Shaffer said.

Shaffer said there's a ""huge battle"" going on inside the Obama administration, as some try to ""suppress"" this development. ""This is shaping up to be a titanic struggle behind the scenes,"" he said.

Shaffer said the Army ""wants to do the right thing,"" but the White House ""wants this to go away.""

He said: ""The White House, because of the political narrative, President Obama cozying up to the parents and because of he, President Obama, releasing the five Taliban ... The narrative is what the White House does not want to have come out.""

Bergdahl was held for five years before his release was secured in 2014.

But while the president joined with Bergdahl's parents in the Rose Garden at the time in celebrating his return home, the prisoner swap swiftly became a matter of severe controversy. Fellow soldiers accused Bergdahl of deserting his post on a base in Afghanistan in 2009. And the trade itself, of his freedom for five Guantanamo prisoners, drew criticism in Congress from lawmakers who said it sent a troubling signal.

On Monday, former diplomat Richard Grenell claimed the administration has ""sent the message"" that the U.S. will negotiate on such matters. He cited an alleged offer, made around the same time as Bergdahl's release, by the Qatari government to trade two Americans held in Qatar for an Al Qaeda agent held in a U.S. federal prison. The Obama administration denies there was any deal. Those prisoners were ultimately released over the past two months.",1
260,"Under speaker pressure, signs pointing to a reluctant Paul Ryan","As soon as Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) shocked his fellow Republicans by withdrawing from the race for House speaker, Paul Ryan knew what was coming.

“I will not be a candidate,” the Wisconsin Republican said in a release issued less than 20 minutes after McCarthy’s stunning Thursday announcement, in an immediate bid to cut off any pressure for him to do a job he has repeatedly said he does not want.

But this time, it didn’t take. By mid-afternoon, outgoing speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) had spoken to Ryan at least twice, trying to convince the reluctant congressman that he was the only man who could save House Republicans from their self-created chaos.

By day’s end, after hunkering down for two hours in his ceremonial office a few steps from the House floor, after listening to pleas from friends to take the reins of the bitterly divided Republican caucus, he emerged, declining to explicitly state his plans.

“I’ve got no news for you guys,” Ryan told reporters, exiting the Capitol. “I’ve got nothing to add right now. . . . This is not the time or place, guys.”

Boehner and several other prominent Republicans are turning to their party’s 2012 vice-presidential nominee out of desperation, believing that he is the only member of the House with the stature to be speaker. Two other members, Reps. Daniel Webster (R-Fla.) and Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), have announced their candidacies, but they are widely seen as too inexperienced or underwhelming to handle the job.

Although Ryan has the standing and experience — at 45, he has already been in office 17 years — it is not clear that he is suited to the role, either. He has never held an elected leadership position, never had to spend hours listening to every complaint possible from rank-and-file lawmakers. A self-styled policy wonk, Ryan prefers to spend time in a committee room cobbling together legislation than working the fundraising circuit in New York and Florida — a modern-day requirement of any House speaker.

Even if Ryan does win the job, some supporters question whether the most respected member of the House Republican Conference would be able to tame the divisions to push a unified agenda: The same 30 to 40 conservatives who have helped usher Boehner toward the door, and who appeared ready to deny McCarthy the job, plan to be just as hard on whoever the next speaker is when it comes to showdowns with President Obama and Democrats.

“He’s still going to have to deal with the same dynamic,” said Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.), a leader of the small moderate wing and a backer of Ryan’s ascension. “That may be part of the reason why he’s denying this so far — he knows the dynamic.”

Yet by 6:15 p.m. Thursday, as McCarthy increased the pressure on Ryan to run for the job and the Capitol press corps camped outside his office, Ryan’s spokesman resorted to Twitter.

But everything has changed, according to his colleagues.

As they voted on the House floor late Thursday, Ryan was besieged by his GOP colleagues. As the lawmakers huddled, Ryan aides canceled his fundraising and political events for the next

48 hours, a move interpreted by his friends as a signal that he had gone from a hard “no” to undecided after speaking with Boehner.

His party’s elder statesmen, long enamored with Ryan’s policy inclinations since his days as a disciple of Jack Kemp, said he needed to answer the call. But that doesn’t mean the door is shut.

“Knowing him, if it becomes clear to him, as it is to so many others, that he’s first among peers, he may do it,” William J. Bennett, an education secretary in the Reagan administration and a close friend of Ryan, said in an interview Thursday.

The situation is more dire than the one Ryan confronted two weeks ago when Boehner, under intense pressure from the right flank, shocked the House Republican Conference by announcing his plan to resign Oct. 30, setting

Oct. 29 as the original date for a full vote of the House on his successor.

Walking out of that Sept. 25 meeting, Ryan said then — and has consistently repeated — that he did not want the job and that it would be a terrible one for a man with three school-age children living in Janesville, Wis., 75 miles southwest of Milwaukee.

His long game, according to those close to him, is not rising up in the House. He has been touted as a potential treasury secretary in a GOP administration. He declined to run for president this time, but he still has a couple of decades ahead of him.

That future could crumble if he listens to his colleagues. Not since Tip O’Neill (D-Mass.) left as speaker in 1986 has anyone retired from that job in good standing. Today’s House is more rife with pitfalls than it was even a decade ago.

Many of his colleagues, such Rep. Bill Flores (R-Tex.), head of the conservative Republican Study Committee, were calling on him Thursday to gamble his future to meet the present need.

“I would say, unequivocally, if I could choose the perfect person to be speaker, today, for this conference, it would be Paul Ryan,” Flores said.

Karoun Demirjian, Kelsey Snell and David Weigel contributed to this report.",1
3521,Beyond Syria and Iraq: ISIS is losing ground around the world,"Libyan fighters are celebrating a major victory on Tuesday: They've driven ISIS out of parts of Benghazi, eastern Libya's largest city, building on advances in and around the city on Sunday.

ISIS isn't just losing in Benghazi. In its home base in Syria and Iraq, it's lost up to 30 percent of its territory from its peak in August 2014. And it's tried expanding abroad, officially declaring a wilayat — which literally means ""province"" and refers to ISIS's foreign franchises — in roughly a dozen countries.

These ISIS franchises showed some initial successes, for example in Libya, but since mid-2015 they have been struggling. Many of ISIS's wilayat have stopped growing and begun shrinking. Some ISIS affiliates have been wiped out altogether.

""The Islamic State has encountered one serious obstacle after another as it has tried to expand its presence beyond Syria and Iraq,"" Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, a fellow with the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and CEO of the consulting firm Valens Global, writes with threat analyst Nathaniel Barr in War on the Rocks on Tuesday. ""These stumbles have gone largely unnoticed by the international media.""

Gartenstein-Ross and Barr examined seven ISIS expansion attempts and found that each had serious problems. In every case, the ISIS franchise they looked at has either suffered a major battlefield defeat, had members targeted and killed in significant numbers by rival jihadist groups, or was defeated outright.

""Overall, [ISIS] is having significant troubles expanding. Joining ISIL can be a fatal decision,"" Gartenstein-Ross told me, using another name for ISIS.

The first example he pointed to was a group called the Islamic Movement in Uzbekistan (IMU). IMU is a decades-old jihadist group with ties to the Taliban and al-Qaeda. In August, it formally pledged itself to ISIS, working with the already-established Afghanistan-based ISIS franchise.

Over the course of the next several months, the Taliban, once IMU's ally, sought out and killed IMU fighters in a targeted campaign aimed at destroying the group. This culminated in a November purge, wherein the Taliban killed 100 IMU fighters and allegedly captured its leader, wiping out the group entirely.

""What America and its agents could not do in 14 years, the Taliban did in 24 hours,"" one IMU supporter tweeted at the time.

ISIS's troubles in Algeria are, if anything, more dramatic. The group officially recognized a wilayat there, largely made up of former al-Qaeda fighters, in 2014. In October 2014, ISIS's Algerian branch captured a French mountain climber and beheaded him on tape.

The beheading attracted the attention of Algerian security forces, which shortly thereafter killed the group's leader. Later, in May 2015, Algerian forces killed five ISIS commanders and the overwhelming majority of its ground fighters in two days of fighting. Today, Gartenstein-Ross says, ISIS in Algeria is a ""paper wilayat,"" with only six or seven fighters to its name.

ISIS's Yemen wilayat is in even worse shape.

You'd think Yemen would be the perfect opportunity for ISIS: It has no functional government and is in the midst of a civil war with major sectarian overtones. But the group has been riven by public infighting; Gartenstein-Ross and Barr documented roughly 100 defections in the past several months — out of a force estimated to be at most 1,000, and possibly much less.

""This outfit in Yemen is not very strong,"" Will McCants, director of the Project on US Relations With the Islamic World at the Brookings Institution, tells me. ""They're, at the moment, a pretty bit player in that conflict.""

Even relatively powerful ISIS franchises are having problems. The Libya branch lost its hold on the Libyan city of Derna in December, pushed out by a coalition of rival militant groups. Today, it controls only one major population center — the town of Sirte — and about 173 miles of coastal territory.

""In Libya, where they're strongest, they only control a thin strip along the coast,"" McCants says. ""It's not nothing, but it's not nearly as impressive as what they control in Syrian and Iraq.""

These cases, according to Gartenstein-Ross and Barr, are representative of ISIS's struggles to expand beyond Iraq and Syria.

""The group has stumbled or even fallen flat in almost every country where it has tried to establish a new wilayat,"" Gartenstein-Ross and Barr write. ""The group’s failures as it tries to expand beyond Syria and Iraq could cast doubt on its entire global caliphate project.""

ISIS's struggles to expand reveal some major weaknesses inherent in the group's ""DNA,"" as Gartenstein-Ross puts it, that limit its efforts to expand.

First, the group makes enemies out of other jihadist groups. Its ideological and strategic model depends on its claim to be the prophesied Islamic caliphate and its ability to prove that claim by holding territory. Other militant groups, in ISIS's mind, must submit to ISIS and hand over their territory — or be destroyed.

""That's a constant — they don't play well [with others],"" McCants says. This leads to conflict with other jihadist groups such as al-Qaeda and the Taliban, which perceive ISIS as a threat and so move to crush new franchises as they're forming.

This is particularly problematic for ISIS because it thrives most in civil wars with sectarian elements — places where other jihadist groups already operate.

""Derna was always gonna be a tough nut to crack, because that's jihadist central in Libya,"" McCants says. ""AQAP [al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula] has long roots in Yemen, and has been more successful in exploiting the chaos.""

Second, ISIS's showiness — the penchant for ghoulish murders and slick social media — can attract the attention of enemies before ISIS is really ready to take them on.

""That's one of the things that got them into trouble in Algeria,"" Gartenstein-Ross says. ""The ostentatious beheading of [the French mountain climber] drew counterinsurgent resources down on them in a way that they weren't ready for.""

Finally, ISIS is, weirdly enough, too top-down and bureaucratic. It isn't very good at selecting leaders who work well with locals or mediating internal, local disputes in its franchises.

""Despite their rebellious nature, they're a very rigid organization internally,"" Gartenstein-Ross explains. ""In Yemen, the central leadership ended up contributing to that branch falling apart under the weight of a leader that the ISIL members don't agree with.""

Despite ISIS's defeats in the Libyan cities of Benghazi and Derna, the group is still deeply entrenched in Sirte — and getting a number of new recruits. Its Egypt branch has withstood repeated assaults from the Egyptian government and has managed to pull off a number of high-profile terrorist attacks. And that's to say nothing of Boko Haram, which pledged itself to ISIS last year and is now recognized as Wilayat Nigeria.

""Around January 2015, when I finished the first draft of [my ISIS] book, it was laughable,"" McCants says of the franchises. ""Then when I had to go back and revise four months later, I had to completely change the section. In that short time, they had made such a rapid advance. They've gotten stronger since then.""

So the point is not to dismiss the franchises entirely. Rather, it's to recognize that they are not, as is often portrayed in the media, a sign of ISIS sweeping across the globe. It's an attempt by a terrorist group with very serious problems to try to create some breathing room outside of its troubled core holdings.

ISIS thrives on a narrative of victory. Now that the group's defeats in Iraq and Syria are too numerous and prominent for anyone to reasonably deny, the group has increasingly turned to the franchises to continue selling its narrative of constant territorial growth.

""They have this narrative of momentum; it's clearly very important to drawing people to the group, drawing organizations to ISIS,"" Gartenstein-Ross says. ""This is an area of great vulnerability if [the truth] were widely known.""

ISIS's affiliates help ""maintain the fiction that this is an empire on the march,"" McCants says.

No matter how you judge the success of the franchises — and here, McCants is less optimistic than Gartenstein-Ross — both agree that any victories abroad don't come close to outweighing the losses the group has taken in Iraq and Syria.",1
5097,Clinton’s challenge will be to balance a hopeful tone with an argument for change,"After Donald Trump presented a dark picture of the country at his convention in Cleveland last week, Hillary Clinton and the Democrats plan to project a more optimistic and inclusive vision of the future when they convene here starting Monday.

But the challenge for Clinton and her newly minted running mate, Sen. Timothy M. Kaine (Va.), will be to avoid becoming cheerleaders for the status quo and instead infuse that hopeful tone into an argument for change that could galvanize a frustrated and divided electorate.

Democrats promise four nights of speeches and entertainment that will highlight the core theme of Clinton’s campaign: “Stronger together.” The program will alternate among political heavyweights led by President Obama and former president Bill Clinton, celebrities such as Katy Perry and Lena Dunham, and everyday Americans whose aim will be to make Clinton appear more appealing and approachable.

Clinton’s advisers are confident that the Philadelphia festivities will present a far more united Democratic Party than Republicans were able to display at their convention, which was repeatedly marred by outbursts of dissent and division.

Central to that mission is the Monday night speech by Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.), who is charged with trying to rally his fervent supporters behind Clinton’s banner after a bruising primary battle, although there is lingering resistance to Clinton among some of his loyalists.

The harsh tone of Trump’s convention — symbolized by the anti-Clinton chants of “Lock her up!” — gives the Democratic nominee-in-waiting and her allies an opportunity to expand her appeal to disaffected voters who are hungry for change but perhaps reluctant to embrace Trump and the brand of politics he enunciated in Cleveland. At the same time, the Democrats similarly risk overreach in their denunciations of Trump.

Another danger is that if protests outside the arena turn violent, it could mar the party’s effort to provide a united and relatively peaceful contrast to the Republican event.

“The Republicans painted a black canvas with maybe a little stripe of red, which would be Donald Trump’s tie,” Democratic pollster Peter Hart said. “Unexpectedly, the Democrats end up with a white canvas and a chance to paint it in any direction that they wish.”

[In his most important speech ever, Donald Trump echoes Richard Nixon]

All year, Clinton has struggled to find a message that both energizes the Democratic faithful and reaches to a different part of the general electorate disenchanted with politics as usual. This will be her challenge on Thursday night, when she becomes the first woman to accept the presidential nomination of a major party.

“If she is so concerned about the progressive revolt that days one, two, three and four [of the convention] are saying, ‘I’m Bernie Sanders Lite with pantsuits,’ then this whole group turned off by Trump has nowhere to go,” said Henry Olsen, a fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center.

But Housing Secretary Julián Castro, who was in the competition to become Clinton’s running mate, noted the importance of energizing the coalition that helped Obama win two elections.

“We need an infusion of motivation and energy to remind folks that we can’t take this election for granted,” he said. “The nature of modern presidential elections, given the country’s partisanship, is that these are close elections. It’s probably not going to be a blowout, and people need to understand how important their individual vote is.”

Four days of programming at the Wells Fargo Center will showcase the Democratic Party’s diversity and progressivism, designed to help as many voters as possible identify with Clinton and the rest of the ticket. The speakers will be white, black, Latino and Asian; Christian, Jewish and Muslim; old and young; gay and straight; male and female. There is expected to be a heavy focus on issues such as immigration, gay rights and gun control.

Having watched the Republicans fight among themselves in Cleveland, Democrats will arrive in Philadelphia full of confidence. But some in the party suggest that, like much about Trump over the past year, what looks to be a problem for him does not always become one.

“We need to be agnostic on just how negative its consequences will be or indeed whether they’ll be negative at all,” said William Galston, domestic policy adviser in Bill Clinton’s White House and now a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution.

Galston added, “The idea that Donald Trump’s convention speech allows Democrats to put any product they want on the shelf and expect the consumers to buy it is an optimistic proposition that I can’t embrace, and I hope the Clinton campaign won’t either.”

Democratic leaders have no doubt that their convention will contrast sharply with that of the Republicans.

“We just saw four days of some of the angriest people possibly in the United States of America — chaos, vitriol, confusion, plagiarism, mismanagement of a convention the likes of which we’ve not seen in either party in modern times,” said former Philadelphia mayor Michael Nutter (D).

Clinton enters her convention with a majority of Americans questioning her honesty. She has an opportunity to speak to a huge audience beyond the delegates assembled at the Wells Fargo Center, but many of those voters will be looking on skeptically.

Whit Ayres, a Republican pollster, noted that the underlying mood in the country puts Clinton at some risk as she campaigns to extend the Democrats’ hold on the White House to a third consecutive term.

“What Clinton cannot do is get herself in the position of defending the status quo, and that’s going to be a challenge, because she is the essence of the status quo,” Ayres said. “If she lets this [election] get defined as change versus status quo, where Trump’s change and she is not, that’s one way she can lose this thing.”

Trump’s coalition potentially cuts across traditional party lines, and as a political outsider, he has shown a particular ability to attract support from what he called “forgotten” Americans, many of them white and working class. “People who work hard but no longer have a voice: I am your voice,” Trump said in Cleveland.

[Donald Trump positions himself as the voice for ‘the forgotten’]

Olsen suggested that Clinton could peel away some of that support with the right message aimed at the right segment of Trump’s base — such as white, working-class women. He said Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, set him up to talk to these women with her introductory speech but that the candidate failed to do so.

On Friday in Tampa, Clinton previewed how she would rebut Trump’s declarations, including his suggestion that he alone could fix what ails the country. “I can’t really imagine him on a white horse,” she quipped.

Clinton said: “We will offer a very different vision. It’s about building bridges, not walls, between people. It’s about making the economy work for everyone, not just those at the top. It’s about embracing our diversity that does make our country great.”

The convention’s nightly themes focus on unity. Opening night, Monday, will be “United together: Putting families first” and feature addresses by first lady Michelle Obama and Sanders, as well as Astrid Silva from Nevada, a “dreamer” brought to the United States as a child by parents who are illegal immigrants.

Tuesday’s theme is “A lifetime of fighting for children and families” and will be headlined by Bill Clinton and “the mothers of the movement,” whose sons and daughters were killed in police and other shootings.

Wednesday night, “Working together,” will star Kaine, President Obama and Vice President Biden. Many Democrats expect that Obama will reprise the role Bill Clinton played at the 2012 convention in Charlotte by delivering not only a full-throated endorsement of onetime rival Hillary Clinton, but also a point-by-point defense of his record and the economic gains under Democratic leadership.

On Friday, Obama gave a taste of how he would respond to Trump’s dark portrayal of the state of the country. “This idea that America is somehow on the verge of collapse, this vision of violence and chaos everywhere, doesn’t really jibe with the experience of most people,” he said. “I hope people, the next morning, walked outside, and birds were chirping, and the sun was out.”

The convention will reach its crescendo on Thursday night with the theme “Stronger together,” when Clinton will give her acceptance speech and be introduced by her daughter, Chelsea.

Clinton spokesman Glen Caplin said: “This convention will crystallize the fight that she’s already fought and what she will do going forward for American families as president. Hillary Clinton and Democrats will effectively make the case over these four days for an America that’s at its best when we work together to solve our problems.”

Democrats thought the Republican convention focused too much on Trump’s personality and offered generalities but few policy proposals to back them up — especially on the economy and jobs.

In Philadelphia, Democrats are expected to remind voters that the economy was roaring during Bill Clinton’s presidency and has improved considerably during Obama’s. Yet they also will acknowledge that there is more to do.

“There is an opening for someone who can create some hope that she knows how to make things better with some specific ideas,” said Ayres, the Republican pollster.

Striking the right tone on the state of the country, and the proper balance between a celebration of the Democratic base and an appeal for broader unity, remain the biggest tests for Clinton.

“I don’t think the American public desires to have ‘Happy days are here again,’ ” Democratic pollster Hart said. “The ability to condense the Clinton message into something which is both hopeful and realistic would make a huge difference.”",1
3954,Putin Says Will Not Abandon Russians in Ukraine to Nationalists,"Russian President Vladimir Putin said Moscow would not abandon Russians living in southeast Ukraine to Ukrainian nationalists, RIA news agency quoted him as saying in a documentary due to be broadcast later on Sunday.

More than 9,000 people have been killed in fighting in eastern Ukraine between Russian-backed separatists and Ukrainian troops since April 2014. Moscow says Ukrainian nationalists pose a threat to ethnic Russians and Russian-speaking Ukrainians in the region.

According to RIA, Putin also said Russia would continue to improve its nuclear arsenal, but added that it would not wield the ""nuclear big stick.""",1
3760,Report: Freddie Gray may have intentionally tried to injure self in police van,"Freddie Gray, whose death triggered Monday’s rioting in Baltimore, may have intentionally tried to injure himself in a police van, according to another prisoner in the vehicle, the Washington Post reported late Wednesday night.

The Post said the unidentified prisoner, who was separated from Gray by a metal partition and could not see him, reportedly said he heard Gray “banging himself against the walls” and believed he “was intentionally trying to injure himself.

The prisoner’s statements were contained in an investigative document obtained by the paper, which said it was unclear if there was any additional information to support the theory.

Gray, who is black, was arrested April 12 after he ran from police. Officers held him down, handcuffed him and loaded him into the police van. While inside, he became irate and leg cuffs were put on him, police had said. At some point, he suffered a severe spinal injury and was unconscious when the van arrived at a police station.

Authorities have not explained how or when Gray’s spine was injured. He died April 19.

The death of Gray sparked riots earlier this week in Baltimore as protests turned violent resulting into major property damage throughout the city and around 200 arrests

Tuesday, the city started to enforce a curfew starting at 10 p.m. to 5 a.m. More than 3,000 National Guardsmen and law enforcement officers were called into the city to make sure no more violence took place in the city. Baltimore stayed quiet throughout the night Wednesday as well.

Baltimore mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake has also come under fire after a senior law enforcement told Fox News Wednesday that she ordered police to stand down.

The source, who is involved in the enforcement efforts, confirmed to Fox News there was a direct order from the mayor to her police chief Monday night, effectively tying the hands of officers as they were pelted with rocks and bottles.

The claim follows criticism of the mayor for, over the weekend, saying they were giving space to those who ""wished to destroy.""

Rawlings-Blake has defended her handling of the unrest, which grew out of protests over the death of Freddie Gray while in police custody.

The mayor, in an interview with Fox News' Bill Hemmer on Tuesday, denied any order was issued to hold back on Monday.

""You have to understand, it is not holding back. It is responding appropriately,"" she said, saying there was no stand-down directive.

She said her critics have a right to their opinion.

Baltimore police are expected to finish their investigation Friday and turn the results over to the city’s state’s attorney office, which will decide whether to seek indictment. Six police officers, including a lieutenant and a sergeant, have been suspended.

Fox News' Leland Vittert and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
370,When Did the Democratic Party Become Such a Nervous Wreck?,"The party apparatus exploits and exacerbates these fraidy-’crat jitters. Whenever something major looms—an election, a State of the Union address, a major Senate vote, a gravitational ripple—my e-mail box turns into a Wailing Wall of Democratic fund-raising messages bearing subject lines such as “Worried,” “Be Afraid,” “Why Haven’t We Heard from You?,” “All Hope Is Lost,” and “DOOMED,” which isn’t how General Patton would have fired up the troops. The heebie-jeebie-ing is even worse on social media during the election cycle; social media make everything worse if you open up the sluices, turning even stoics into headless chickens. A few years ago such Aunt Pittypat palpitations inspired a viral poster that showed President Obama making a bold gesture with the message EVERYONE CHILL THE FUCK OUT, I GOT THIS! And yet, after nearly two terms of Obama’s unruffled, unrattled mastery of the long game, his confidence doesn’t seem to have energized Democrats en masse with a “Forward march!” spirit. When Democrats contemplate their navel, they still see a panic button.

‘Republicans are from Mars, Democrats are from Venus” goes an adage much beloved by pundits always looking for a convenient platitude to rest their elbows on. (Or chins.) Caricatured another way, Republicans are cast as the Daddy Party (jaw-jutting, decisive, disciplinarian, financially prudent, militarily assertive: meat), Democrats are the Mommy Party (huggy, permissive, socially concerned, globally cooperative: veggies). Such gender stereotypes may have outlived whatever hinky usefulness they ever had, as stereotypes are wont to do, but beneath the sexual cosplay of Republican executive blue suits versus Democratic mom jeans (which President Obama was accused of fancying by no less a fashion arbiter than Sarah Palin) is a forked dynamic deeper than any policy differences or identity politics. Republicans are driven by anger; Democrats, riven by anxiety. Anger stokes Republicans to lash out, their grievances, real and imaginary, kept at a raging boil by Fox News, Matt Drudge , radio talk-show hosts, and similar mayhem artists. Anxiety pincushions Democrats into a defensive crouch waiting for the ceiling to cave, their blood pressure spiking with every alarming headline in The New York Times, of which there is never a shortage.

Not all Democrats, naturally, otherwise the party would have gone the way of the Pony Express, political architect Karl Rove’s vision of a permanent Republican majority having come to pass. Yet there does seem to be an intestinal queasiness in the institutional identity that’s chronic and unworthy of its ancestors. When I was a stripling in the never dull 60s, Democrats didn’t quaver as if a wagon-train attack lurked around every bend. Activated by adversity, they appeared outgoing, future-striding, and firm-resolved: dashing John F. Kennedy, happy warrior Hubert H. Humphrey, steer-wrangling Lyndon Baines Johnson, and, radiating in the background, the chromo image of Franklin Delano Roosevelt—the greatest president, and perhaps the greatest figure, of the 20th century. The Republican adults in charge came across as somberly dour (Richard Nixon) or apocalyptically dire (Barry Goldwater). The bloody morass of Vietnam, the urban riots and campus upheavals, the assassinations of J.F.K., his brother Robert, and Martin Luther King Jr., and the druggy saturnalia of the decade eroded the faith in liberal progress and took the bright shine off social engineering. When Nixon swept the board in his re-election victory of 1972 over George McGovern, winning 49 states, it was as if a dark visor had been lowered over the future for liberal Democrats, nothing ahead but charred landscape. Undone by hubris and thirsty vengeance, Nixon did the country a favor by befouling himself over Watergate, opening a respite of hope for Democrats (the improbable success of Jimmy Carter in time for the bicentennial), only to have it smushed beneath the golden hammer of Ronald Reagan, with whose two-term presidency the Democrats are still reckoning.

It wasn’t only that Reagan was popular, racking up a second-term victory that equaled Nixon’s 49-state total and scored the highest electoral-college vote in history (525 out of a possible 538), leaving liberals thunderstruck. It wasn’t only that he was the first pontiff of the unfettered free-market capitalism that has become the economic dogma of our time (even if the actual record of his administration wouldn’t pass Ayn Rand’s inspection). Reagan’s dandiest trick was inverting the personae of liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans, turning the character roles inside out. Optimistic, affable, rhetorically broad-gestured and bold-colored, a mega-dose of vitamin D, the former movie star opened a picture window on the majestic vista of “Morning in America,” where the skies were big and blue and the hills alive with the sound of jingle-jangle spurs. In political, media, and public awareness, perceptions turned topsy-turvy, placing Republicans high in the saddle and challenging the horizon while nit-picking, nay-saying Democrats clung to the status quo as if it were the schoolmarm’s apron strings. A gross caricature, but gross caricatures are what the Beltway press eats for brunch, and, apart from a leonine few, Democrats became gun-shy of proposing any F.D.R./L.B.J.-scaled domestic programs or making anything resembling dovish cries. The party lost labor muscle—Reagan’s crackdown on the air-traffic controllers’ union in 1981, when his threat to fire more than 11,000 striking controllers carried the day, was a crippling defeat from which unions never recovered—and shifted attention to knowledge workers, who didn’t have the same organizational strength and loyalty in the non-unionized, neoliberal economy. “Though [Michael Dukakis] lost the [1988] election after being defamed in the infamous Willie Horton ad … , his platform won him a following among white-collar professionals in the metropolitan areas of the Sunbelt, West, and Northeast,” historian and political analyst Lily Geismer wrote in the winter 2016 issue of Jacobin magazine. “Four years later, the [Democratic Leadership Council]’s golden boy, Bill Clinton, placed high-tech growth and suburban professionals at the forefront of his policy vision in his own presidential bid.” The “triangulation” strategy and small-ball initiatives (school uniforms, etc.) practiced and proposed by Clinton once he was in office weren’t just wily poker tricks but a recognition of the political realities of the post-Reagan era. Expansive, ebullient, and popular, Clinton was finely tuned to the public’s mood, sensed just how far to push. Fat lot of good it did him. Oh, sure, he made mistakes, some of them beauts—such is the frailty of man, especially one with a hearty appetite—but the telenovela that unfolded was an orchestrated takedown that nearly succeeded. Whitewater, the Monica Lewinsky uproar, the Starr Report, the nightly kangaroo courts of cable-news panels, the impeachment debate and vote—all were a preview of coming distractions. The rabid harrying of Clinton was a dress rehearsal for the Swift Boating swarm-attack mode that would be mounted against even the most mainstream, dry-cleaned, neatly pressed Democratic candidate, often with the sneering assistance of putative liberals giving their class snobbery some exercise. When we consider the barrage of racism, paranoia (rumors of FEMA camps), derangement (the “birther” conspiracies, the rise of Glenn Beck), and unprecedented insults delivered by the Republican-held Congress that Barack Obama has Jedi-deflected, we will look back on his presidency as a marvel of levitation as so much of the country seemed intent on plunging into the mire. If Hillary Clinton is the nominee, as looks likely, the Swift Boating will return in armada force and be crewed by insane clown posses. Factor into that the fear of an “enthusiasm gap” (the Republicans have so far pulled far more people to their caucuses and primaries than have Democrats); the tasty prospect of Bill Clinton, feeling a little frisky or blabby, upstaging and embarrassing the Hillary campaign; the as yet unplumbed depths of the political and popular culture’s misogyny, especially against older women, doubtless reviving the Mommy Party business with a vengeance; and television’s slavish royal-carpet lay-down for Donald Trump (assuming he’s the nominee, with ideally Marco Rubio as his Howdy Doody running mate). It’s been a helluva arc from Jefferson, Lincoln, and Roosevelt to this.",1
102,"Moms march to demand end to police brutality, racial injustice","Mothers whose children have been killed by police officers marched in Washington, D.C., on Saturday to call attention to police brutality and racial injustice.

The Million Moms March was sponsored by Mothers for Justice United, an organization of mothers whose children have been killed by police officers and others, and the Coalition for Justice. The march moved from the U.S. Capitol to the U.S. Department of Justice, where demonstrators demanded changes in police practices.

Maria Hamilton founded Mothers for Justice United and helped organize the march of mothers and their supporters. Hamilton's 31-year-old son, Dontre Hamilton, was shot 14 times and killed by a former Milwaukee police officer.

""This is a call for everybody to wake up,"" Hamilton said as the march began Saturday afternoon. ""We are here on behalf of our babies to tell the United States government that we aren't going anywhere. We aren't going to continue to keep burying our babies. Do something and do it now.""

Hamilton said as moms walked through the streets they aimed to honor ""stolen lives"" in solidarity. ""We will continue to lift our babies up,"" she said. ""They live through each and every one of us. They are gone physically but we have our own personal angels now.""

As demonstrators moved through the streets Saturday, some in the crowd shouted, ""No justice. No compromise,"" and ""Black lives matter.""

Many of the mothers and other protesters held photos of young men and women killed by law enforcement officers. Others clutched bright yellow balloons, flowers and held hands.

Mothers for Justice United, which also includes family members, clergy and concerned citizens, is focused on halting the killing of unarmed people of color by police and vigilantes through direct action, legislation and community building, the group says.

Marion Gray-Hopkins, whose 19-year-old son Gary was killed by a police officer in Maryland in 1999, told NBC News she planned to participate.

""Enough is enough,"" Gray-Hopkins told the network. ""We need to put about some changes in laws and practices that will stop the senseless killing of our unarmed children.""",1
4340,Can Huckabee Overcome The 'New Car Smell' Of Other Candidates?,"Can Huckabee Overcome The 'New Car Smell' Of Other Candidates?

This post was updated at 11:40 a.m. ET.

That's the message the GOP presidential hopeful is already conveying as he makes another bid for the presidency.

""We need the kind of change that really could get America from Hope to higher ground,"" he said, officially launching his campaign Tuesday in Hope, Ark.

To recapture the magic that propelled him to second place in 2008, he needs to re-embrace his roots and downplay the political celebrity he has created in the past eight years.

""What he's got to do is draw a contrast that shows, 'I'm not just a talk show host and I'm not just a Baptist minister, but I governed for over a decade and we achieved results in a very Democratic environment,' "" said Iowa conservative activist Bob Vander Plaats, who chaired Huckabee's winning 2008 campaign in the first caucus state. He is so far undecided this go-around.

That message was also evidenced in the video that Huckabee rolled out last week.

The video was vintage Huckabee, harking back to how he took on the Clinton machine of the 1990s in what was then a very Democratic state. That's a valuable weapon he has now that he didn't eight years ago, with other Republican candidates now arguing they're best equipped to take on Hillary Clinton, the likely Democratic nominee.

Huckabee boasted of his populist record, touting his work raising family income and cutting taxes during his decade-long tenure as governor.

There were no clips of his eponymous talk show or his 2008 stump speeches except for the address he made to the GOP convention that year.

""I'm not a Republican because I grew up rich,"" he declared at the Republican National Convention in St. Paul. ""I'm a Republican because I didn't want to spend the rest of my life poor, waiting for the government to rescue me.""

His runner-up slot enabled him to dig out of his humble beginnings. A Fox News contract and radio show soon followed, and Huckabee and his wife were able to build a 8,224 square-foot Florida beachfront home worth $3 million.

""Janet and I, neither of us grew up thinking we'd see salt water in person,"" Huckabee told the Northwest Florida Daily News last year of the mansion he and his wife called home. ""We both grew up dirt poor in Southern Arkansas ... For us, growing up, the thought that we would ever put our feet in salt water, no that would never happen.""

The newfound financial freedom was reportedly one reason Huckabee passed on a 2012 bid, despite his rumored disdain for the eventual nominee, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney. In order to do so, he would have had to sever his media ties, which were his main source of income.

That's why it surprised many when he announced, without much warning, in January of this year that he would be stepping down from his Fox News Saturday evening show, Huckabee. But it was also a clear signal to those skeptical he would leave the lucrative private sector to re-enter the political arena that he was serious this time.

Huckabee was underestimated early on in 2008 in Iowa, too. He didn't even begin registering in polling there until the summer of 2007 and never surged into the lead until December of that year. He ended up winning the caucuses by 9 points.

He starts off the 2016 cycle not having to go from Pizza Ranch to Pizza Ranch praying supporters will show up, as Vander Plaats once recalled their team had to do, but with a sure buzz and a reservoir of good feelings once he heads to the state this week. He still trails Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio in the latest surveys, but there's no clear front-runner yet.

That's both good and bad news for Huckabee. There are higher expectations this time around, both on fundraising and the crowds he will draw and the poll numbers he can expect as he becomes a candidate yet again.

""While people still genuinely like Gov. Huckabee and they trust Gov. Huckabee,"" Vander Plaats said, ""there's still a certain flirtation with the new car smell of new candidates.""",1
3786,Body parts found in suitcase left on sidewalk,"The San Francisco medical examiner's office determined the parts were human remains and the body had been dismembered, Officer Grace Gatpandan said.

""We do have people of interest that homicide investigators are speaking to,"" she said. Detectives are also reviewing surveillance camera footage and officers are looking for a suspect. She declined to identify the suspect.

The suitcase was found Wednesday afternoon on 11th Street in the Mission District. Police closed four blocks while they investigated.

The Los Angeles Times reported that remains were also found at three locations within a three-block radius. Asked about the reporting, a police spokeswoman told CNN there are no updates.

There were other items around the suitcase, Gatpandan said. The gender and age of the person were unclear, she said.",1
606,Kentucky election could blot an Obamacare bright spot,The move would make it easier for the Trump administration to demolish the exchanges.,1
4471,This Republican senator visited a mosque to repudiate Donald Trump,"Donald Trump’s call on Monday to bar all Muslims from entering the United States provoked a variety of reactions from Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill, ranging from silence to gentle disapproval to full-throated condemnation. But only one, so far, has visited a mosque this week to speak up for religious tolerance and American unity.

Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) attended a Friday afternoon prayer service at the Islamic Center of the North East Valley in Scottsdale, with his wife, Cheryl, and two of his four sons. In remarks there, he did not mention Trump by name but offered a stout rebuke of Trumpism following what he called “a difficult week in Washington.”

“It wasn’t so much the legislative calendar as it was the rhetoric that came forth, mostly from the presidential campaign,” Flake said. “That is not in keeping with the values and ideals that have made this country the shining city on the hill that it is. We are a better country than has been on display this week.”

Flake delivered his remarks from the perspective of one of 16 Mormons in Congress. He is a descendant of some of the original Mormon settlers of the West, and he compared the tribulations that adherents of his own religion have faced to those Muslims have faced and are facing today.

And, he said, Mormons and Muslims aren’t so different, really:

There is, as I mentioned, much that separates Mormons and Muslims, but we do collaborate on a number of things — in helping to bring relief after natural disasters. We cooperate, our two faiths, on the translation of ancient texts, and there is much in the history and the tradition and even some doctrine that is common between us. As Mormons and Muslims, we trace our lineage to father Abraham. While we may not agree on the divinity or the prophetic calling of Jesus and Mohamed, we all revere them as inspired teachers and leaders. Early persecution drove Mohamed from Mecca to Medina. Early Mormon persecution drove the Mormons from Illinois to Utah. I have ancestors buried along that trail. The principle of the fast is embraced and practiced by both of our religions. My two boys there — a couple of years ago, I took them to an island in the middle of the Pacific to test our survival skills. They got more of a fast than they wanted to. But we both practice the fast in different ways, as well as the responsibility and the obligation to care for the sick and the needy. That is something that is central to both of our faiths.‎ Muslims make the pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca. The Mormon hajj is to our holy temple. Because like Muslims, Mormons do not drink alcohol, our trip to the temple is usually followed by a stop at Dairy Queen. Ice cream is about all we Mormons have; I’m not sure if there’s a corollary for Muslims.

Flake closed his remarks with an appreciation for the Muslim soldiers who have fought in Americas wars, the Muslim first responders who have put themselves in harm’s way — including in San Bernardino, Calif., this month — and for Muslims who give generously to charity.

“There can be no religious test for those who serve in public office; we do not tolerate religious discrimination in the workplace, or in the neighborhood,” Flake said. “The slogan on the Statue of Liberty — ‘give us your poor, your tired, and your huddled masses yearning to breathe free’ — contemplates no religious test for those who reach our shores. … My hope and prayer today is that the isolated voices calling for division are overwhelmed by the chorus of voices like those in this room today calling for acceptance, for tolerance and inclusion.”",1
1450,GOP candidates fight for spotlight ahead of Milwaukee debate,"The leading Republican presidential candidates are fighting for the spotlight as they charge into Tuesday night's primary debate, with Marco Rubio releasing a biting new ad ripping his former political mentor and Donald Trump suggesting he's arrested Ben Carson's rise in the polls.

Carson, for his part, has spent the last several days sparring with the media and his rivals over reports questioning his personal story, which is the crux of his campaign.

""I am trying to move on,"" Carson told Fox News. But his campaign manager also says Carson will punch back if an opponent challenges him on stage Tuesday night -- suggesting a departure for Carson from past debates, where he mostly avoided the fray.

The prime-time debate, hosted by Fox Business Network and The Wall Street Journal, will be held at 9 p.m. ET, from Milwaukee, preceded by an earlier 7 p.m. ET debate with lower-polling candidates.

This is the first time that just eight candidates will be on the main stage, a change that could give the contenders more time to explain their positions and engage each other.

Florida Sen. Rubio, in the hours before the debate, launched a striking ad against GOP rival Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor. The ad plays clips of Bush, before the 2016 campaign, praising Rubio.

""I'm a huge Marco fan,"" Bush says in one clip. In another, he says, ""He's probably the most articulate conservative on the scene today.""

The text of the ad blares: ""Jeb Bush before his phony attacks.""

Bush, the former front-runner, has struggled in every debate so far, and Rubio is no doubt angling for the edge against him in Tuesday's showdown. At the last debate, Rubio deftly parried a critique by Bush of his Senate absences.

Rubio is currently third in most national polls, followed closely by Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who by many accounts had the stand-out moment in the last debate by slamming the CNBC moderators for allegedly unfair and off-topic questions. Speaking with Fox News on Monday, Rubio said the polls have been ""up and down,"" but ""what I'm going to do is I'm going to focus on the message of my campaign.""

Still tangling for the lead are Carson and Trump.

Speaking with Fox News, Trump pointed to the most recent polling in saying he's back on top.

""I'm No. 1 in the polls, as you know, in every single -- I think I'm No. 1 in every single state. I'm now No. 1 again in Iowa. I had lost Iowa for a period of time, and I didn't quite understand it,"" Trump said.

Trump has shown no hesitation about going after Carson, for everything from his past writings about having anger issues growing up, to stories questioning elements of his personal narrative, to Carson's statement that Egypt's pyramids were built by the biblical Joseph to store grain.

""He's having a hard time. The pyramids are solid structures. You can't put grain in the pyramids because they're solid structures,"" Trump said.

Trump, who hosted ""Saturday Night Live"" over the weekend, also made headlines overnight by suggesting a ""boycott"" against Starbucks over its holiday cups that are missing winter or Christmas scenes. But then Trump added, ""Seriously, I don't care.""

In a reminder of one of the key issues he's running on, though, Trump released a new policy paper Tuesday focusing on U.S.-China relations.

His campaign claims that under a ""Trump administration trade will flourish. However, for free trade to bring prosperity to America, it must also be fair trade.""",1
2072,DR. MANNY: Water crisis in Flint is just the tip of the iceberg,"The water crisis in Flint, Mich., is just the tip of the iceberg – and if you think that it can’t happen in your community, you’re sadly mistaken. The aging water infrastructure in this country is deeply flawed. Many of the 150,000 public water systems that serve more than 300 million people are based on rusting, leaky pipes and decades-old plans that— if not corrected and replaced— will have devastating and long-lasting effects on our communities.

The disaster in Flint, which began in 2014 when the city switched its water supply from Detroit’s system to the Flint River in a cost-saving measure, is likely brewing in many other communities. It is inconceivable to me that in the most developed nation on the planet, we have exposed families and young children to the poisonous effects of lead. And it is almost criminal to me that water supply officials were unaware that the water pumping through a large American city was endangering the community. That level of negligence is beyond comprehension.

The dangerous, detrimental effects that lead can have on a developing brain and body are well-documented. In 1978, a largely successful campaign to remove lead from home paint products resulted in a new law, after it was found that small children could mistakenly eat paint chips and be exposed to lead poisoning. When it comes to levels of lead in water, no true amount is safe. However, in 1991 the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) established an action level for lead in public drinking water at 15 micrograms per liter, and required water supplies to routinely test household tap water to check lead levels.

These laws and others were established to protect our citizens from both indirect and direct exposure to the harmful compound. A person can be directly exposed to lead by drinking contaminated water with unsafe levels, while indirect exposure can occur when a person inhales contaminated water particles through steam or vapors.

Once lead enters the human body, the heavy metal attaches itself to cells that can begin to build up in bones or major organs like the liver or kidneys. It disrupts the normal cellular biology of the organ and can lead to chronic diseases. However, the most dangerous damage lead poisoning can inflict is on the brain, especially in young or unborn children. If lead is deposited in a developing fetal brain, it can disrupt the normal function and cause irreversible damage. The same can happen in young children whose brains are still maturing.

The consequences can result in low IQ, severe delays in cognitive function, significant disruption in the memory center of the brain, learning disabilities and other neurological deficits. The devastating part of this diagnosis is that it is, for the most part, irreversible. Patients exposed to acute lead poisoning can be treated through chelation, which is a method used to filter out the lead. However, for children chronically exposed over a period of time, the damage cannot be undone.

This makes the preventable crisis in Flint all the more devastating.

I read that the Obama administration is planning to pick Dr. Nicole Lurie to act as a “czar” and fix the crisis in Flint, but I urge her to look further than just Michigan. Lurie and others must start to seriously evaluate other areas of America where the people are most susceptible to a disaster such as this. The government failed the city of Flint, it must act now to protect the rest of us.



Dr. Manny Alvarez serves as Fox News Channel's senior managing health editor. He also serves as chairman of the department of obstetrics/gynecology and reproductive science at Hackensack University Medical Center in New Jersey. Click here for more information on Dr. Manny's work with Hackensack University Medical Center. Visit AskDrManny.com for more.

",1
1672,OnPolitics | 's politics blog,"Who has Trump appointed to his cabinet so far?

Donald Trump added three new men to his list of cabinet picks Friday. Get to know them.",1
643,Trump and the judge: Our view,"Is anyone qualified to judge The Donald?

Donald Trump’s insistence that he couldn't get a fair hearing from a “Mexican” judge in the case over alleged fraud at Trump University makes you wonder who could fairly judge Trump, presuming he had the veto power over judges he seems to think he deserves. The presumptive Republican presidential nominee has offended so many different people and groups that it could be difficult to find anyone suitable.

It couldn’t be the Indiana-born son of Mexican immigrants because Trump said Judge Gonzalo Curiel couldn't possibly judge someone who has proposed to put a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. Trump also ruled out Muslim judges because he has proposed to bar foreign Muslims from entering the country.

And that’s just the beginning. No Asians? Trump mocked their accents when he described negotiating trade deals. No disabled judges? He cruelly imitated a handicapped journalist. No one from Iowa? He called Iowans “stupid” when they supported rival candidate Ben Carson. And, given the way Trump has derided certain women as “disgusting animals” and “dogs,” no female judges — unless, as late-night host Stephen Colbert suggested this week, they’re a 10 on Trump’s beauty scale?

This twisted Trumpian logic — only a bigot is qualified to judge a bigot — might be amusing if it weren’t so sad and disturbing. The nation is on the verge of having a major party presidential candidate so reflexively venomous that news organizations keep lists of all the people he has gone out of his way to insult, one of which contains 224 recipients of Trump invective. Among any president’s most important tools is the power to persuade, and it’s hard to persuade people you’ve called stupid and ugly. Not to mention that a president should help, not undercut, the ability of parents to teach their children to respect authority figures.

Most troubling, of course, is Trump’s apparent cluelessness about the independence of judges, the rule of law, and the system of checks and balances. The famously litigious businessman seems to regard the court system as a tool for settling scores rather than as a means for achieving justice.

Based on no evidence but his own irritation at rulings he deems insufficiently deferential, Trump has accused Curiel of bias, called for him to be investigated and vaguely suggested he’d come back after being elected president and get even.

If Trump really believes the judge is biased, his legal team could make a formal legal request for recusal. It hasn't, because it has no grounds for doing so. Instead, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee has resorted to innuendo and threats, which makes you wonder how a President Trump would react to Supreme Court decisions he didn't like.

If Trump had the least bit of curiosity or sense of history, he’d know the battle over whether judges must recuse themselves over identity politics has long been settled. Yes, black judges can rule on civil rights cases and gay judges on same-sex marriage. Luckily for Trump, all judges are required to handle even the most obnoxious defendants fairly and decide cases on the legal merits.

Trump isn’t the first presidential candidate to attack judges. Former House speaker Newt Gingrich did it even more toxically in 2011, saying if he were president he’d ignore Supreme Court rulings he disagreed with and have judges hauled before Congress to be interrogated. It’s a little disorienting now to hear the mercurial Gingrich, said to be on Trump’s list of possible vice presidential choices, call Trump’s disparaging of Curiel’s Mexican heritage “inexcusable,” even as Gingrich says Trump’s complaint about “politicized justice” is valid.

It’s not. Republican leaders have it right when they say Trump’s attack on Curiel, suggesting that the judge can't do his job because of his ethnicity, is “the textbook definition of racism,” as House Speaker Paul Ryan put it.

After Ryan's rebuke, Trump toned down his rhetoric and said he had been ""misconstrued."" But once you've rolled in racist muck, it's hard to wash away the stench.

USA TODAY's editorial opinions are decided by its Editorial Board, separate from the news staff. Most editorials are coupled with an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature.

To read more editorials, go to the Opinion front page or sign up for the daily Opinion e-mail newsletter.",1
1663,Jeb sides with brother on invading Iraq: Was he ducking the question?,"Jeb Bush had some cleanup work to do yesterday.

The former Florida governor showed a keen grasp of policy during a 20-minute interview with Megyn Kelly that aired Monday night, appearing relaxed as he defended positions that don’t sit well with much of the Republican base.

But then there was Iraq.

It’s a politically explosive topic for Jeb for two big reasons. The war became a quagmire, and it's so closely associated with his brother.

Megyn’s question was quite explicit: “Knowing what we know now, would you have authorized the invasion?”

Bush answered as if it was 2003.

“I would have, and so would have Hillary Clinton, just to remind everybody, and so would almost everybody that was confronted with the intelligence they got,” Bush said.

But that’s an answer framed around our state of knowledge 12 years ago, in the face of a massive campaign by his brother’s administration to convince the world that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction.

So Bush either misheard the question, as he now says, or answered the way he did because it’s easier to frame an explanation that ropes in the prominent Democrats who supported the invasion in that post-9/11 period.

Bush tried to clarify things by calling into Sean Hannity's radio show with this admission: ""I interpreted the question wrong, I guess.""

So would he have sent troops to Iraq, knowing what we know now?

""I don't know what the decision would have been--that's a hypothetical,"" said Jeb.

Obviously, Jeb Bush doesn’t want to get painted into a corner where he says he would not have invaded Iraq based on what we know today, that Saddam didn’t have illegal weapons. If he uttered those words, there would be thousands of stories about how he’s renouncing his brother’s legacy, trying to prove his independence, and on and on.

What bothers me, though, is the way the media are clobbering Bush not for the substance of his answer, but on linguistic grounds. What happens next—you know the pattern—is that the noise gets so loud that everyone—left, right and center—has to deal with it. So rather than having a debate about Iraq and foreign policy and where Bush stands today, we’re having a shoutfest about semantics. It's the media as parsing police.

So let’s return to the substance:

When Megyn followed up by asking if the decision was a mistake, Jeb talked about faulty intelligence and the lack of early focus on security in Iraq: “By the way, guess who thinks that those mistakes took place as well? George W. Bush.”

No daylight, nothing to see here.

The first indication that Jeb felt the need to clarify came on CNN’s “New Day,” where conservative commentator Ana Navarro, a surrogate for Bush, said she’d been in touch with him by email. “I said hey, I am a little confused by this answer, so I am wondering did you mishear the question, and he said yes,” Navarro explained. She also opined that “people are salivating to see Jeb throw his brother under the bus.”

A less generous interpretation came from Laura Ingraham, the Fox News contributor, on her radio show: “You can’t still think that going into Iraq, now, as a sane human being, was the right thing to do. If you do, there has to be something wrong with you,"" she said.

And it leads to mockery, such as this Roger Simon column in Politico on how Jeb is supposed to be the smart one in the family. The headline: “Was Jeb dropped on head as a child?”

It’s safe to say this issue will not quietly fade away. It’s a version of  the larger problem Jeb faces, however unfairly, because of his last name: Is the country ready to hand the White House to a third member of the Bush family in a quarter century? And Iraq becomes a kind of shorthand for that, the most controversial and consequential decision of George W.’s presidency, whose aftershocks are still being felt today.

What was also fascinating, as Jeb defended his stance on a path to legalization for immigrants who broke the law, was this comment: “Do you want people to just bend with the wind, to mirror people's sentiment? Whoever is in front of you? 'Oh, yes, I used to be for that but now I'm for this.' Is that the way we want to elect presidents?”

That’s his way of saying he’s going to run the campaign he wants and he’s not going to unduly pander to the right wing, that voters who don’t agree with him on Common Core or immigration can look elsewhere.

At the same time, Bush doesn’t speak in punchy sound bites, which could hurt him, and he tends toward the low key, which can translate as a lack of passion.

But he did throw down the gauntlet here: “I've had 20 press gaggles. I don't have, you know, I don't do town hall meetings. Don't screen the questions. Don't have a protective bubble like Mrs. Clinton does. Don't have town hall meetings or roundtable discussions where I pick who gets to come and I screen the questions and the press has to behave a certain way.”

Jeb, who hasn’t officially declared, had not given an interview in two months until he sat down with Megyn Kelly. If he does a few more, does that put pressure on the woman who also carries some baggage because of her last name?

Click for more from Media Buzz

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
3051,Political polarization is what paralyzes us - The Boston Globe,"Neil Gabler has discounted political polarization as the cause of congressional inaction (“Is America too old to be bold?”). In fact, both parties have discovered that driving their bases to the poles is key to winning elections. Party strategists have discovered that it is much easier and cheaper to motivate the base than it is to convince centrists and the undecided.

This electoral strategy leads to extreme rhetoric and constant attacks on the other party in a concerted effort to produce outrage among committed believers.

It is no surprise that it has also produced political gridlock.",1
2980,Loretta Lynch joins Obama in prodding Senate over NSA,"Lynch warned that inaction from the Senate would cause ""a serious lapse"" in the government's ability to protect Americans.

A day earlier, Obama urged Congress ""to work through this recess and identify a way to get this done.""

""This needs to get done,"" he said during an Oval Office meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg.

The National Security Agency's bulk metadata collection program, which has allowed the NSA to collect and store phone data on millions of Americans, will sunset on Monday unless Congress passes legislation by midnight on Sunday.

Obama and Lynch have endorsed the USA Freedom Act, the bill to make changes to the Patriot Act that overwhelmingly passed the House of Representatives but came three votes shy of passage in the Senate this weekend. Obama said Tuesday that bill ""strikes an appropriate balance; our intelligence communities are confident that they can work with the authorities that are provided in that act."" Under that plan, phone companies would store their customers' metadata and the NSA would need to obtain a specific, targeted warrant to get a customer's data. His comments came after the Senate failed in a rare overnight session this weekend to pass the USA Freedom Act or a short-term extension of the Patriot Act's expiring provisions as reform opponents and the staunchest anti-surveillance advocates stood firm on their positions. The Senate now stands in recess until next Sunday, though Senate dealmakers are working this week to find a way to keep the programs from lapsing. Obama pressed the Senate to work through the recess to find ""a way to get this done."" ""The House of Representatives did its work,"" Obama said. ""The Senate did not act.""",1
4881,The phantom earpiece phenomenon: Why presidential candidates are consistently accused of cheating during debates,"The banner headline on the Drudge Report the morning after Wednesday’s presidential forum screamed “HILLARY AND THE EAR PEARL.” The story it linked to was from Infowars.com, the website of radio host Alex Jones, a crazy person who believes the government has a special tornado weapon and used it to attack Oklahoma in 2013. Citing a tweet from actor and right-wing troll James Woods, Infowars wondered if Clinton had been “wearing an earpiece during last night’s presidential forum,” as indicated by pictures that “appeared to show Hillary with some kind of flesh-colored device embedded inside her ear.”

So was it a flesh-colored earpiece as Infowars insisted? Or was it a pearl-colored earpiece as Drudge claimed? No one can say, but the ad hoc investigative group of conspiracy theorists and crackpot celebrities seems pretty convinced that Hillary Clinton had someone secretly feeding answers into her ear during the forum. The “evidence” was convincing enough that Donald Trump’s son — the elephant-butchering one, not the off-Broadway “American Psycho” one — tweeted out a link to the Infowars story.

So congratulations, everyone: we’ve officially reached the “Presidential Candidate Cheats Via Secret Radio Technology” stage of the 2016 election. It’s arrived a bit early this year, but this conspiratorial story line has become a recurring fixture of presidential campaigns thanks to the internet’s inexhaustible capacity to prey on gullibility and partisan reflexes.

The “secret earpiece” story made its first big splash in the latter stages of the 2004 presidential election, when blogger Joseph Cannon noticed an odd bulge in the back of George W. Bush’s suit jacket during an early October debate. “Bush seemed to have a wire, or an odd protrusion of some sort, running down his back,” Cannon wrote. “Apparently, Fearless Leader used an earpiece during the confrontation.”

The speculative accusation might have remained confined to the liberal blogosphere had it not been for the efforts of the website you’re reading at this moment, Salon.com, which published half-skeptical write-ups of the circumstantial evidence surrounding the Bush “wire” and contacted NASA scientists for image analysis of the “Bush bulge.” From Salon, the story jumped to The Washington Post and The New York Times, which managed to obtain derisive denials from Bush campaign staffers. The “bulge” even became the centerpiece of a David Letterman riff. Fervent speculation aside, no direct evidence was ever produced indicating that Bush was wired during his debate with John Kerry. After Bush won re-election a month later, the issue receded back into the shaded corners of the internet.

Almost exactly four years later, as a young Democratic senator from Illinois took to the debate stage, it was the conservative blogosphere that found itself on secret earpiece patrol. During the Oct. 7, 2008, presidential debate, blogger Ann Althouse wrote that she had “noticed that Obama was wearing an earpiece” and posted a photo of the alleged device in Barack Obama’s ear. She quickly reconsidered her analysis and recognized that she was looking at light reflecting off Obama’s ear but left open the possibility that a secret earpiece might still exist: “Just because the thing I saw wasn’t there doesn’t mean there wasn’t something there that I didn’t see.”

The 2012 election was largely free of any prominent earpiece speculation, though some chain emails bounced around, accusing Obama of wearing an earpiece and having a suspicious Bush-like suit bulge. That cycle’s primary example of overwrought “he’s a cheater” attacks were directed at Republican contender Mitt Romney, whom liberal bloggers accused of consulting crib notes during the first debate with Obama (Romney was actually holding a handkerchief). The relative lack of earpiece mania in 2012 has been more than compensated for in 2016, with this ridiculous story about Hillary Clinton’s clandestine listening device featured prominently on one of the world’s most heavily trafficked political websites and endorsed by the son of the Republican nominee. Other Clinton-related conspiracies have proved to be remarkably persistent this cycle (her allegedly failing health being the most prominent among them). So there’s an excellent chance that this one will stick around, too. The question that arises from all this is why the “earpiece” phenomenon keeps popping up election after election, in defiance of consistent debunking and a lack of evidence to support the allegations. “These sorts of beliefs are dependent on if you have a conspiracy worldview, and then on your partisanship,” said Joseph Uscinski, a professor of political science at the University of Miami who’s written extensively about political conspiracy theories. “People point fingers at the other side.” Basically, if you’re already predisposed to believe that a candidate from the other party is going to cheat, then you’re more likely to take at face value an allegation that he or she cheated during a debate. When someone presents you with grainy screen captures of George W. Bush or Hillary Clinton and claims that they show telecommunications equipment hidden on their bodies, your partisanship enables you to bridge the sizable gap between the poor evidence and the firm conclusion that someone offstage was whispering into the candidate’s ear. These cheating allegations tend to take the form of a secret earpiece simply because that’s really the only way someone participating in a nationally televised presidential debate could conceivably cheat. “It’s just like when Hillary Clinton goes on [“Jimmy Kimmel Live”] and opens the pickle jar,” Uscinski explained, referring to a humorous feat of strength that Clinton performed to mock questions about her health and that conspiratorial conservatives claimed was rigged. “The only way she could have cheated in that test . . .  was to have a preopened pickle jar. It’s sort of obvious that if people are going to be predisposed to thinking that cheating was taking place, that would be the method in which it would be done.” I don’t know whether Matt Drudge and Donald Trump Jr. actually believe that Clinton was wired up during this week’s president forum, but they’re nonetheless legitimizing that idea in the minds of people who are already apt to believe it.",1
4590,"Trump Gives Victory Speech, Liberals Rediscover Appeal of Limited Government","President-Elect Donald Trump preached national unity and vowed to ""reclaim our country's destiny,"" in his victory speech, which was delivered around 3:00 a.m. in New York City. Rival candidate Hillary Clinton had already called Trump to concede, he told the crowd.

""She fought very hard,"" he said. ""Hillary has worked very long and hard over a long period of time, and we owe her a major debt of gratitude for her service to our country. I mean that very sincerely.""

Trump then turned to the business of healing the vast political divide. He promised to be a president for all Americans.

""For those who have chosen not to support me in the past, of which there were a few people, I'm reaching out to you for your guidance and your help, so that we can work together and unify our great country,"" he said.

The president-elect claimed to have a ""great"" economic plan, though he offered no details. He closed by thanking his most vocal supporters—his family, Rudy Giuliani, Sen. Jeff Sessions, Ben Carson, and others—and assuring the American people that ""you'll be so proud of your president"" by the time his reign comes to an end.

Trump's election has sent shockwaves: the markets are in free-fall, Democratic voters are petrified, and the media has no idea what just happened.

Libertarians should be girding themselves for four years of the federal government trampling their freedoms—but of course, we've come to expect that regardless. As I wrote on Facebook earlier tonight, it's perhaps moments like this where the case for the libertarian vision of a constrained government is most powerful:

I'm watching MSNBC as I write this, and I just heard Lawrence O'Donnell say the following:

That didn't take long: the left is interested in limited government again. Would have been nice to have them with us during Obama's eight years in office, but we'll take what we can get, I guess.",1
2405,Senate GOP prepared to replace Obamacare subsidies,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
5103,No Brotherly Love in Philly: Email Scandal Threatens to Mar DNC,"The Democratic National Committee is offering its ""deep and sincere apology"" to Bernie Sanders, his supporters and the entire party for what it calls ""the inexcusable remarks made over email.""

Incoming interim party leader Donna Brazile and six other officials said the emails ""do not reflect the values of the DNC or our steadfast commitment to neutrality during the nominating process.""

It wasn't signed by the outgoing DNC head, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who announced Monday that she will not gavel in her party's national convention.

""I have decided that in the interest of making sure that we can start the Democratic convention on a high note that I am not going to gavel in the convention,"" Wasserman Schultz told the Sun Sentinel of Ft. Lauderdale, according to The Associated Press.

In the wake of an email scandal, Wasserman Schultz said Sunday that she will resign her post as chairwoman of the DNC after the Democratic National Convention. Hillary Clinton's campaign manager, Robby Mook, said it was ""her decision"" to step down.

Clinton is all set to accept the Democratic Party's nomination for president. She will be the first woman ever to rise to such a position.

But that story is taking a backseat to the controversy brewing inside the Democratic Party.

Thousands of leaked emails show a supposedly impartial DNC working to secure the nomination for Clinton, even trying to paint the Jewish Bernie Sanders as an atheist to voters in the South.

The scandal comes as no surprise to Sanders' supporters who see Clinton as too establishment and cozy with Wall Street.

""I think the Clinton people stole it. The corruption has become more well-known with the WikiLeaks and such,"" claimed one Sanders supporter.

Meanwhile, Clinton has hired Wasserman Schultz to be a part of her campaign, according to Townhall.com. The Democratic presidential candidate sent an email to supporters, announcing Wasserman Schultz would become the ""honorary chair"" of the 50-state program to make sure Democrats win at the polls across the country.

Opponents of the Florida congresswoman heckled her at a breakfast of state delegates Monday, shouting, ""Shame!"" and ""You're ruining our democracy!""

Supporters of Sanders displayed paper signs that said ""E-mails"" on one side and ""Thanks for the 'help' Debbie,"" on the other.

Wasserman Schultz told the crowd during the uproar that ""we have to make sure that we move together in a unified way.""

The Hill.com reports that ""allies"" of Clinton believe Wasserman Schultz should not even stay on as DNC chairwoman during the convention. The news outlet says one ally referred to what happened at the Florida breakfast as a reason.

""It's causing the distraction no one wanted at the convention,"" one Clinton ally said, according to The Hill.

Wasserman Schultz's resignation after the convention, however, doesn't mean the end of the disunity problems. Liberals unhappy with Clinton's vice presidential pick, Sen. Tim Kaine, are looking to cause a stir.

""There's talk about walking out of the vice presidential or presidential acceptance speech. There's talk about total silence, remaining seated, turning backs,"" Normon Solomon, with the Bernie Delegates Network, said.

Even with this drama, the reality is Clinton will be the nominee. She then faces the challenge of reaching out to disgruntled progressives, while striking a more moderate tone for the General Election.

""It has been the Democratic Party's history that once the nominee is established and we know who that's going to be and we rally the troops and folks tend to come inside the tent. Of course, there are those who are not coming in the tent and they were never coming in the tent and that's okay,"" Leah Daughtry, CEO of the DNC, said.

All eyes will be on Sanders to see what he says to delegates Monday evening.

Meanwhile, Kaine will be facing the biggest speech of his career.

Liberals aren't happy he's the vice presidential choice and conservatives think he's too liberal, which leads many Democrats to believe he's just right.

The reality about Kaine is that once people know him, they tend to like him - even if they disagree with him.  And he's never lost an election.

""I am so excited. I've known Tim Kaine for many years and so I know his heart. I know his heart and his commitment,"" reflected Alexis Herman, former secretary of labor.

Coming off one of the biggest days of his life Sen. Kaine walked through his Richmond neighborhood with his wife Anne to Saint Elizabeth Catholic Church. It's where the couple has worshipped for three decades.

Inside, Kaine got emotional at times and even sang a solo in the choir. Although he has worked to reduce abortions, he's come under fire for his support of pro-choice policies.

But at the DNC his position is just right.

""He's a committed Catholic, a social justice Catholic. He takes that very seriously. His work in politics is his outreach,"" Daughtry said.

Several hundred Democrats followed Kaine's example by gathering in Philadelphia at an interfaith service Sunday.

Rev. James Forbes of the Riverside Church says this week Americans will see a vastly different vision for the future.

""I would wish that the world gets a chance to see two major options - an option that they remember from people who are angry, who are afraid -- versus a group that's willing to risk possibilities that could probably do it together, but that the prospect of our working together is even brighter,"" Forbes told CBN News.

So far, it's been a mixed bag but the week is young.",1
3409,Conservatives: SCOTUS Pick More Important Than Senate Majority,"Obama faces a Republican leadership that appears united in opposing his decision to fill the seat as well as a crop of Republicans facing re-election who have lined up behind their leaders.

Those vulnerable GOP senators are crucial to any White House strategy for filling the seat held by the late conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. Democrats would need 14 defections from GOP ranks to break a filibuster and confirm a nominee. So far, no GOP senator has indicated he or she is ready to vote for an Obama nominee.

The White House said Friday that Obama will move ahead. Obama on Thursday called key Senate leaders, including Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, part of the customary consultation once considered essential to laying the groundwork for a warm reception for an eventual nominee.

But the president did not appear to make much headway with the GOP leaders. Hours after the call, an op-ed penned by McConnell and Grassley was published in The Washington Post restating their case for why Obama should leave the job of naming a nominee to the next president.

""It is today the American people, rather than a lame-duck president whose priorities and policies they just rejected in the most-recent national election, who should be afforded the opportunity to replace Justice Scalia,"" McConnell and Grassley wrote.

Grassley's name on the piece signaled the Iowa chairman is now firmly in line with leadership. Earlier in the week, the chairman had suggested he might be open to holding hearings on an Obama nominee, a statement that buoyed Obama and his allies and confused the GOP message.

If Obama has any hope of winning, he'll need more than a muddled message.

Obama's hopes rest first on persuading Grassley to hold hearings in his committee. Then McConnell would have to agree to a vote by the full Senate, where the president would need 60 votes to break a filibuster.

The Hill notes vulnerable GOP senators in competitive re-election races are feeling the heat over the issue, including New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte, whom the Concord Monitor took to task for her ""knee-jerk fashion” call for post-election confirmation hearings.

 

 ""Certainly there’s nervousness on the part of Republicans about what an absolute refusal to hold any hearings might do to GOP candidates in swing states,"" John Ullyot, a GOP aide and former senior Senate aide, tells The Hill.

 

 ""If Republicans hold hearings, that takes a lot of the pressure off their candidates in swing states who are in some cases in tough races.""

 

 The Associated Press contributed to this report.

 

 Related Stories:",1
4905,Donald Trump is doing worse with Latinos than the previous 6 Republican presidential candidates,"Last year, during the early days of the presidential campaign, Donald Trump boldly promised, “I’m gonna win the Hispanic vote.”

The past few days have suggested he was wrong. After Trump’s immigration speech focused on deporting millions of unauthorized immigrants and building a wall at the US–Mexico border, several of his top Latino advisers resigned or threatened to resign. And a new, huge survey shows Trump isn’t just losing the Latino vote — he’s losing it by far more than the past few decades of Republican presidential candidates.

The survey, by America’s Voice and Latino Decisions, found that if the election were held today, 70 percent of registered Latino voters would vote for Hillary Clinton. Only 19 percent would vote for Trump. About 2 percent said they won’t vote for president, 4 percent said they’d vote for someone else, and 4 percent said they’re undecided or don’t know.

The findings are quite credible: The survey was huge, reaching 3,729 Latino registered voters online and by phone between August 19 and 30. It has a margin of error of 1.6 percentage points.

The findings are incredibly damning for Trump. To put this in context, this means that the Republican Party and Trump have effectively eliminated any gains the party made with Latino voters under President George W. Bush, who supported immigration reform that would have allowed unauthorized immigrants to gain legal status.

In 2000 and 2004, Bush got 35 and 40 percent of the Latino vote. That was up from the share of the vote that Ronald Reagan (35 and 37 percent), George H.W. Bush (30 and 25 percent), Bob Dole (21 percent) got. It was also higher than what John McCain (31 percent) and Mitt Romney (27 percent) got in subsequent elections.

Trump’s numbers, then, are below the previous six Republicans to run for president. And they’re especially low at a time when the Latino population has grown — from 14.8 million people in 1980 to 55.2 million in 2014.

As for why Trump has so little support among Latino voters, it’s basically what you'd expect: 70 percent said that Trump has made the Republican Party more hostile to Latinos. And 68 percent said that Trump’s views on immigrants and immigration made them less likely to vote for Republicans in November.

Meanwhile, 75-plus percent of Latino voters said President Barack Obama’s actions on immigration — such as letting undocumented immigrant youth stay in the country — made them more likely to vote for Democrats. And 64 percent said Hillary Clinton’s views on immigrants and immigration made them more likely to vote for Democrats.

So Republicans seemed to be on a downward trend with Latino voters after George W. Bush. But with Obama, Clinton, and Trump, that slide seems to have sped up by quite a bit.",1
4118,Paul Ryan is an endangered species: How congressional extremists could easily doom his speakership,"Barring that, what will actually happen is that Obama will veto the bill. Darn, so close, guys. And we were all so sure the 62nd time would be the charm.

Now, this was only possible because the Senate passed a similar bill through the budget reconciliation process, which is not subject to minority filibusters and allows bills to pass with a simple majority vote. So Ryan didn’t really do anything different than his predecessor John Boehner would have, legislatively speaking. But he did get to tweet out a spiffy new: #OnHisDesk. Which in Washington is now preferable to the actual hard work of writing and passing legislation that might impact your constituents’ lives in tiny but positive ways.

Hashtags and demagoguery aside, what the GOP has actually done is start off the New Year – and the 10-month push to Election Day – by voting to take away healthcare from millions of Americans.

The larger point here is that, while it is still early in his tenure, so far the best evidence suggests that Paul Ryan’s House of Representatives is going to be pretty much as worthless as Boehner’s, at least this year: Do the bare minimum to keep the lights on and the government performing its basic functions, then placate the GOP’s angry right wing by letting them pass “messaging” bills that President Obama will laugh right out of the Oval Office.

We’ve already seen the House take on an omnibus spending bill just before Christmas that Ryan needed Democratic votes to pass while the GOP’s Freedom Caucus was screaming for his head. This was pretty much how Boehner used to operate. The former speaker was an amiable party hack who didn’t really want to shut the government down to placate the gremlins that run through right-wingers’ minds whenever they see a line item for Planned Parenthood in the government’s budget. Such shutdowns might get the base excited, but they are bad for the business leaders and lobbyists who so recently held some semblance of control of the party

So Boehner would listen to the extremists, pat them on their heads, pay lip service to the idea that, say, repealing Obamacare was worth giving thousands of federal employees indefinite and unpaid vacations, and then at the last minute go negotiate with Nancy Pelosi to keep the lights on. This was a terrible way to run the nation, and it eventually cost Boehner his job.

There was never any reason to believe any of this would change with Ryan at the helm. But when the GOP was begging him to take the job, party leaders sold him as the only man who could unite his fractious caucus. Ryan himself promised the far right that he would return to them some of the power Boehner had yanked, that he would listen to their concerns without condescension, and that he would take action on the issues most important to them. He was helped by Boehner secretly negotiating one final spending deal with Obama, which allowed Ryan to pass the latest omnibus while telling conservatives that, gosh darn it, he hated to vote for such a monstrosity but his wily predecessor left him no choice. None of this is to say that Ryan and Boehner are ideologically similar. Ryan has long been a zealot on supply-side economics, demonstrating a Randian belief in radically cutting the size of government, mostly on the backs of the poor. Boehner, on the other hand, while generally conservative, never met an ideological principle he wouldn’t trade away for a bottle of Scotch and someone else paying his greens fees. But Ryan is pragmatic enough to understand his goals are unreachable by full-frontal assault. So you get him passing the omnibus and following it up with this latest attempt at repealing Obamacare. You have him slamming President Obama’s mild executive actions on guns (over which at least one Republican is threatening to shut down part of the executive branch), which keeps anyone from noticing the giant gift the business wing of the party is about to hand Volkswagen and its lobbyists after the automaker was caught earlier this year in a systemic violation of the Clean Air Act. In terms of the results he’s getting in the House, Ryan is basically Boehner with cleaner lungs and minus the rambling, wine-drunk press conferences. It remains to be seen whether this two-faced act will carry out through the entire year. The far right has been grumbling, and Ryan’s approval ratings have dropped. If the GOP thinks it has a real shot at winning the White House while retaining control of both houses of Congress, Ryan might be able to keep the right wing in line by pointing out the bonanza that will result for them with President Ted Cruz in the Oval Office. But if a Democrat takes the oath of office a year from now, far-right Republicans – and the GOP electorate in general – will be screaming very loudly for his scalp.",1
529,Can Republicans govern? Budget 2016 could be biggest test.,"Republican leaders vow to show that they can govern effectively by following through on a budget. But that will take compromises both within the Republican caucus and with the president.

Two Sunday attacks add to recent rise in fatal shootings of US police

Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell (R) of Kentucky (l.), joined by Senate majority whip John Cornyn of Texas, speaks with reporters on Capitol Hill on last month. The Republican leadership team faces an early test of its capacity to govern with this year's annual budget process, which began this week with the release of the White House budget on Monday.

The new GOP-controlled Congress, keen to prove that Republicans can govern, is faced with its first big test in Governing 101: the president’s $4 trillion budget proposal, delivered to Congress on Monday.

Appropriating money to pay for government is a basic function of Congress. Now that Republicans rule the roost under the Capitol dome, they’re promising to tackle this job properly: to have both houses agree on a budget blueprint by the April 15 deadline, to work out the details in 12 annual spending bills, to have both chambers agree on those bills, and send them to the president for his signature in time for the start of a new fiscal year on Oct. 1.

It’s a tall order. The last time Congress got to Step 1 – agreeing on a budget blueprint – was 2009. Since then, it’s been a perilous process, remembered for fiscal cliffs, a budget showdown, and forced across-the-board cuts (the dreaded “sequester”) that were never meant to be.

House speaker John Boehner (R) of Ohio and Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell (R) of Kentucky both say there will be no more shutdowns or fiscal cliffs. Yet both essentially declared the president’s budget dead on arrival – setting the stage for a fiscal food fight.

That doesn’t bode well for their governing pledge.

“To govern means to compromise,” says William Hoagland, senior vice president at the Bipartisan Policy Center, a Washington think tank. “If Republicans want to prove they can govern, then the president and Congress will have to show they can compromise.”

As it stands, the president has started out with “a very clear ideological position that is almost 180 degrees opposite of the Congress,” says Mr. Hoagland, who has a long history of budget experience on the Hill.

The White House budget increases spending, raises taxes, and projects a $1.8 trillion trim to the deficit over a decade. Leaders of the House and Senate budget committees, on the other hand, plan a blueprint that balances the budget in 10 years. Republicans oppose tax and spending increases, though both parties are concerned about automatic spending cuts to the military.

John Feehery, former spokesman for House Speaker Dennis Hastert (R) of Illinois, says it’s “essential” that Republicans return to the regular budget process.

“If Republicans do this right, and they pass all the appropriations bills in regular order and get them through the House and Senate, they can present them to the president in a series of legislation that makes it awfully difficult for the president to veto,” he says.

At that point, he explains, the argument is no longer about the size of the pie, just the pieces of it – and which party’s priorities are included in those pieces.

Whether the Republicans succeed will come down to political will and patience. “There’s definitely going to have to be compromise,” says Feehery.

He says he is encouraged by Senator McConnell’s “promise to govern” as evidenced in last week’s passage of the Keystone pipeline bill. It gained the backing of nine Democrats after three weeks of debate and a much more open amendment process than was afforded Republicans under former majority leader Harry Reid (D) of Nevada.

Also working in the leaders’ favor, he says, are voters. They may not care if Congress does its budget work, but sure do notice when it doesn’t. Republican presidential candidates, especially former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, will also want to see a Congress that’s functioning again, Feehery says.

But even with a GOP majority, just approving a budget blueprint – which only requires a majority vote in both houses – could be difficult. Conservative hardliners in the House will make their demands, while moderate Republican senators facing tough election battles in blue or purple states will make theirs, says Hoagland. Twenty-four Senate Republicans are up for election in 2016, compared to only 10 Democrats.

The process gets harder once committees take up to appropriation bills, which unlike the budget blueprint,will be subject to Democratic filibuster in the Senate and will have to clear a 60-vote threshold to pass. Republicans hold a 54-seat majority.

Even if McConnell can keep all Republicans with him on key votes – also a tall order – he still needs six Democrats to pass spending bills.

There’s simply no getting around it, if Republicans want to prove they can govern, they’ll have to compromise. So will the president. On opening day of the budget process, neither seemed in a compromising mood.",1
5,"As Reproductive Rights Hang In The Balance, Debate Moderators Drop The Ball","WASHINGTON -- Forty-three years after the Supreme Court established the right to a safe and legal abortion in Roe v. Wade, the stakes have never been higher for those on both sides of the abortion debate. States have enacted 288 new abortion restrictions in the past five years that have shut down a slew of clinics across the country, and the next president could nominate Supreme Court justices who will determine the fate of legal abortion for decades to come.

But even as abortion access for millions of women hangs in the balance, the issue has somehow been neglected by presidential debate moderators, causing the issue of reproductive rights to fade from the 2016 race. The Democratic candidates haven't been asked about reproductive rights at all in any of their four debates, and the Republicans have only been asked about abortion and funding for Planned Parenthood in the first two of the six debates they've participated in so far.

Advocates working for and against abortion rights are baffled by the silence.

“There are real and important differences between candidates here, and it's a loss for American women that they haven't been explored,” said Jess McIntosh, a spokeswoman for EMILY’s List, a group that helps elect pro-choice women to office.

NBC moderators did not ask how Sen. Bernie Sanders’ (I-Vt.) new health plan, released just two hours before the Democratic debate the network hosted Sunday, would handle public funding for abortion, and did not press Hillary Clinton on her view that federal restrictions on Medicaid funding for abortion should be repealed. Sens. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and Ted Cruz (R-Texas) haven't been asked in the past four GOP debates about their opposition to allowing victims of rape or incest to get abortions, a position that is significantly more conservative than those held by prior Republican presidential nominees.

The only abortion-related question GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has fielded during a debate was back in August, when Fox's Megyn Kelly asked him about his 1999 comment that he was ""very pro-choice."" His stance on abortion is much murkier these days, but no other moderators have chosen to ask him about it.

Americans United for Life, an anti-abortion group, wants candidates on both sides to explain whether they support public funding for abortion or the kinds of clinic regulations that conservative states have passed to make it difficult for abortion providers to stay open.

“Pro-life Americans would love to know whether candidates support health and safety standards for women who are exposed to great risks in abortion clinics,” said Kristi Hamrick, a spokeswoman for AUL.",1
160,How Congress finally killed No Child Left Behind,Parker covered the Trump campaign and transition for the Times.,1
3440,Get Ready For A Fight To Replace Scalia,"Get Ready For A Fight To Replace Scalia

So it's only fitting that news of his death at age 79 ignited an immediate and partisan battle over who might take his place on the U.S. Supreme Court.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kent., said the vacancy should not be filled until the new president takes office. And Charles Grassley, the Iowa Republican who leads the Judiciary Committee, which would oversee any nomination, said it's ""standard practice over the the last 80 years"" for lawmakers to not nominate and confirm such nominees during a presidential election year.

But Democrats are crying foul, pointing out the Senate confirmed Ronald Reagan's nominee Anthony Kennedy by a vote of 97 to 0 in the election year of 1988. (Grassley's staff now says it should have said ""nominated and"" confirmed.)

President Obama said Saturday evening that, ""I plan to fulfill my constitutional responsibilities to nominate a successor in — due time.""

The top Democrat in the Senate, Harry Reid of Nevada, called on the president to make a nomination ""right away.""

""Failing to fill this vacancy would be a shameful abdication of one of the Senate's most essential Constitutional responsibilities,"" Reid added.

There are nearly 11 months until a new president takes office, and in the interim, the high court will operate with only eight justices. That means if the jurists tie 4 to 4, the ruling in the lower court would stand, an issue that could have implications for the president's immigration and environmental initiatives; the availability of abortions; voting rights and redistricting; and affirmative action in higher education.

""The American people deserve to have a fully functioning Supreme Court,"" said Sen. Patrick Leahy, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee. ""It is only February.""

The Senate had been scheduled to take frequent breaks for much of 2016, working in home districts and preparing for the forthcoming elections. But the sudden death of Justice Scalia, and the vacancy it creates, could put pressure on lawmakers to spend more time at work, in Washington. To win confirmation, a Supreme Court nominee effectively needs 60 votes. The newest member of the bench, Elena Kagan, was confirmed with just five Republican votes in 2010, and a few of those lawmakers have since left Congress.

President Obama has already named two justices to the court, Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor. In an interview with the New Yorker magazine two years ago, he stressed his emphasis on diversifying the ranks of the federal judiciary by appointing more women and minorities.

A report by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service said only 36 high-court nominees have been rejected between 1789 and 2010. Eleven were voted down outright, and the remainder were either withdrawn or tabled or otherwise never received Senate votes.

The most recent happened in 1987, when lawmakers nixed the nomination of Robert Bork by a vote of 58 to 42.

There's no deadline or timetable for considering a Supreme Court nomination. CRS said Kagan waited 87 days between her nomination and a final vote. Justice Clarence Thomas waited 99 days after his nomination by President George H.W. Bush. And Bork 's nomination took 108 days.",1
947,"Clinton, Sanders Let Loose in New York Debate | RealClearPolitics","BROOKLYN, N.Y.—With a critical primary contest just days away, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders met on a Brooklyn stage Thursday night for what could be their final debate.

And, unlike their first debate many months ago and others in between, the candidates did not pull a single punch, underscoring the high stakes for both of them: Clinton, wanting to wrap up the primary and focus her energy and resources on the general election; Sanders, hoping to prolong the race through the summer.

""If you’re both screaming at each other, the viewers won’t be able to hear either of you,"" CNN moderator Wolf Blitzer said at one point during the debate at the Brooklyn Navy Yard.

Given both Clinton and Sanders’ intimate familiarity with the state, each  tried to hammer home policy differences through a New York lens, from issues such as Wall Street influence to gun control to foreign policy as it relates to Israel. But the arguments put forth echoed messages each has been pushing for some time, and aren’t likely to influence the outcome of Tuesday’s contest in New York.

Sanders has stepped back from questioning Clinton’s qualifications, but he did re-engage on his concerns about her judgment.

""Does Secretary Clinton have the intelligence, the experience to be president? Of course she does, but I do question her judgment,” he said. “I question a judgment which voted for the war in Iraq, the worst foreign policy blunder in the history of this country; voted for virtually every disastrous trade agreement which cost us millions of decent-paying jobs. And I question her judgment about running super PACs which are collecting tens of millions of dollars from special interests, including $15 million from Wall Street.”

For her part, Clinton questioned Sanders’ depth of knowledge, invoking a New York Daily News editorial board meeting in which the Vermont senator struggled to answer questions on breaking up big banks and on foreign policy. “I think you need to have the judgment on day one to be both president and commander-in-chief,” she said.

Clinton also reminded the audience of her connections to New York and to President Obama, whose legacy she says she would like to build upon. “The people of New York voted for me twice to be their senator,” she said. “And President Obama trusted my judgment enough to ask me to be secretary of state for the United States.”

Clinton’s embrace of Obama throughout this primary process figures to help mobilize key coalitions that propelled his presidential victories, especially in the diverse and voter-rich New York City. She has argued that she has not only more pledged delegates than Sanders, but also more votes—even more than Obama had in building his lead over her in 2008, she noted. She is also hoping to calm concerns among Democrats that a prolonged primary would hurt the party in the general election, noting that the race between herself and Obama eight years ago went on longer than this one has and the party was still able to unite and win that November.

“Where we stand today is that we are in this campaign very confident and optimistic,” she said, but “I’m not taking anything for granted, or any voter or any place.”

For his part, Sanders continued to mobilize his base in a way that underscored Clinton’s potential vulnerabilities in trying to unite the party down the road.

“Establishment politicians are never going to address the crises we face,” he said of his rival. “You can’t take money … and expect the American people to expect you’re going to stand up to these special interests.”

The race has become much more heated in recent weeks, a notable shift in a party primary that had been largely, and unconventionally, cordial, especially in contrast to the Republican contest. Sanders has escalated his attacks in an effort to keep pace, raising questions about Clinton’s judgment, harping on her vote for the Iraq War and her acceptance of large sums of money for speeches given to Goldman Sachs and Verizon, among others.

Sanders again called on Clinton to release the transcripts of her paid speeches. She deflected, even when pressed again by the moderators, by pushing Sanders to release his tax returns.

For her part, Clinton has hit Sanders on the issue of gun control, invoking the families of Sandy Hook Elementary School victims, and criticizing her opponent over legal loopholes that give immunity from lawsuits to gun manufacturers. “We hear a lot from Senator Sanders about the greed and recklessness of Wall Street,” Clinton said. “But what about the greed and recklessness of the gun lobby.”

Asked about the daughter of the Sandy Hook principal calling on Sanders to apologize for his stance on the issue, the Democratic socialist declined, but said he supported the right of the families to sue the manufacturer of the AR-15 used to kill children in the massacre. The issue of gun control figures to be a mobilizing factor among Democrats, particularly in New York, a state that both candidates claim as home turf: Clinton is a current resident who represented New York for eight years in the U.S. Senate, and Sanders was born and raised in Brooklyn.

But each see the significance of the state differently. Clinton hopes an overwhelming win here will halt Sanders’ momentum and bring the primary closer to a conclusion, allowing her to shift focus to the Republican opponents. For Sanders, who has won the past seven contests but still lags behind in the delegate count, a win would keep alive some hope of clinching the nomination and deliver a blow to the Clinton campaign’s morale.

Defeating Clinton in her adopted home state appears unlikely at this point for Sanders. The former secretary of state leads by nearly 14 points there, according to the RealClearPolitics polling average. One recent NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll shows Clinton has expanded her lead over the past few days. The two candidates were tied in upstate New York, according to the poll. Sanders does best among younger voters (under age 45) and those who consider themselves very liberal.

New York’s closed primary system will also pose a challenge for Sanders, as independent voters are a key part of his base. The campaign has worked to persuade such voters to register as Democrats in order to vote for him. After having twice won New York statewide, Clinton is no stranger to campaigning in the state. She has won endorsements from unions and the New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who ran her Senate campaign, as well as African-American leaders. Clinton’s message of building upon the legacy of Obama figures to serve her well there.

But Sanders was able to draw 27,000 people for a rally in Greenwich Village. The image of a packed Washington Square Park, near the campus of NYU, captured the energy his campaign has generated, particularly among young people. The event also underscored a challenge Clinton could have if she becomes the nominee in galvanizing Sanders’ supporters for a victory in the general election.

While Clinton continues to pile up delegates even as Sanders wins states, given the proportional allocation involved, his continued presence and influence have prolonged the race. He has also continued to show overwhelming fundraising prowess, hauling $44 million recently, which forces Clinton to take time away from the trail to raise money.

Clinton will attend fundraisers in California over the weekend before heading back to campaign in New York City. After the debate, Sanders boarded a plane to Rome for meetings at the Vatican, and is expected to return Saturday evening.

Sanders has pledged to stay in the race through to California in June. Asked if he would take the fight all the way to the Philadelphia convention, he said: “I think we're going to win this nomination, to tell you the truth.”

The Clinton campaign, however, believes the momentum, math, and map will be in her favor next week and beyond.

“I'm going to work my heart out here in New York until the polls close on Tuesday. I'm going to work in Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Delaware and Maryland, all the way through California,” she said. “And when we end up with the number of delegates we need, we will unite the party and have a unified convention.”",1
734,"On More than One Issue, GOP's Trump Sounds like a Democrat","As he tries to charm Republicans still skeptical of his presidential candidacy, Donald Trump has a challenge: On several key issues, he sounds an awful lot like a Democrat.

And on some points of policy, such as trade and national defense, the billionaire businessman could even find himself running to the left of Hillary Clinton, his likely Democratic rival in the general election.

Trump is a classic Republican in many ways. He rails against environmental and corporate regulations, proposes dramatically lower tax rates and holds firm on opposing abortion rights. But the presumptive GOP nominee doesn't fit neatly into a traditional ideological box.

""I think I'm running on common sense,"" he said in a recent interview with The Associated Press. ""I think I'm running on what's right. I don't think in terms of labels.""

Perhaps Trump's clearest break with Republican orthodoxy is on trade, which the party's 2012 platform said was ""crucial for our economy"" and a path to ""more American jobs, higher wages, and a better standard of living.""

Trump says his views on trade are ""not really different"" from the rest of his party's, yet he pledges to rip up existing deals negotiated by ""stupid leaders"" who failed to put American workers first. He regularly slams the North American Free Trade Agreement involving the U.S, Mexico and Canada, and opposes a pending Asia-Pacific pact, positions shared by Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders.

""The problem is the ideologues, the very conservative group, would say everything has to be totally free trade,"" Trump said. ""But you can't have free trade if the deals are going to be bad. And that's what we have.""

Trump long has maintained that he has no plans to scale back Social Security benefits or raise its qualifying retirement age. The position puts him in line with Clinton. She has said she would ""defend and expand"" Social Security, has ruled out a higher retirement age and opposes reductions in cost-of-living adjustments or other benefits.

""There is tremendous waste, fraud and abuse, but I'm leaving it the way it is,"" Trump recently told Fox Business Network.

It's a stance at odds with the country's top-ranked elected Republican, House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, who has advocated fundamental changes to Social Security and other entitlement programs. But it's also one that Trump argues keeps him in line with the wishes of most voters.

""Remember the wheelchair being pushed over the cliff when you had Ryan chosen as your vice president?"" Trump told South Carolina voters this year, referring to then-vice presidential candidate Ryan's budget plan. ""That was the end of that campaign."" Ryan was Mitt Romney's running mate in 2012.

Complicating the efforts to define Trump is his penchant for offering contradictory ideas about policy. He also has taken recently to saying that all of his plans are merely suggestions, open to later negotiation.

Trump's tax plan, for instance, released last fall, called for lowering the rate paid by the wealthiest people in the United States from 39.6 percent to 25 percent and slashing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent.

Trump described it as a massive boon for the middle class. Outside experts concluded it disproportionately benefited the rich and would balloon the federal deficit.

Close to clinching the nomination, Trump now appears to be pulling away from his own proposal. While he still wants to lower taxes for the wealthy and businesses, he now says his plan was just a starting point for discussions and he would like to see the middle class benefit more from whatever changes he seeks in tax law.

""We have to go to Congress, we have to go to the Senate, we have to go to our congressmen and women and we have to negotiate a deal,"" Trump said recently. ""So it really is a proposal, but it's a very steep proposal.""

Trump has a similar take on the minimum wage. Trump said at a GOP primary debate that wages are too high, and later made clear that he does not support a federal minimum wage. Yet when speaking about the issue, he says he recognizes the difficulty of surviving on the current minimum wage of $7.25 an hour.

""I am open to doing something with it,"" he told CNN this month.

On foreign policy, Trump already appears working to paint Clinton as a national security hawk who would too easily the lead the country into conflict.

""On foreign policy, Hillary is trigger happy,"" Trump said at a recent rally, He listed the countries where the U.S. had intervened militarily during her tenure as secretary of state and pointed to her vote to authorize the Iraq war while she was in the Senate.

Trump's own ""America First"" approach appears to lean more toward isolationism. One of his foreign policy advisers, Walid Phares, recently described it as a ""third way.""

""This doesn't fit any of the boxes,"" Phares said.

Clinton has advocated using ""smart power,"" a combination of diplomatic, legal, economic, political and cultural tools to expand American influence. She believes the U.S. has a unique ability to rally the world to defeat international threats.

She argues the country must be an active participant on the world stage, particularly as part of international alliances such as NATO. Trump has criticized the military alliance, questioning a structure that sees the U.S. pay for most of its costs.

""No, I think I'm much tougher than her on foreign — and I think we won't have to use it,"" Trump recently told Fox News when asked whether he might come to Clinton's left on some foreign policy issues. ""You know, I appear that I might — maybe to the left. I believe in very, very strong defense. I believe in world peace. I want to help other countries.""",1
2514,Obama administration stops work on immigrant program,"A series of legal setbacks have halted the government’s intensive preparations to move forward with President Obama’s executive actions shielding millions of illegal immigrants from deportation, even as community organizations continue a rapid push to get ready for the programs, according to U.S. officials and immigrant advocacy groups.

Since a federal judge first blocked the new programs in February, the Department of Homeland Security has suspended plans to hire up to 3,100 new employees, most of whom would be housed in an 11-story building the government has leased for $7.8 million a year in Arlington, Va. That building, in the Crystal City area, is now sitting mostly unused, DHS employees say.

Yet inside and outside the Beltway, community groups are mobilizing, educating immigrants and training volunteers to help them apply for relief, even though it remains unclear whether the program will ever begin. Most recently, a foundation headed by billionaire George Soros, undaunted by the court rulings, pledged at least $8 million to that effort.

“We’re full speed ahead,” said Josh Hoyt, executive director of the Chicago-based National Partnership for New Americans, a coalition of pro-immigrant groups that have held more than 700 information sessions on the new programs and trained more than 2,000 volunteers to aid immigrants in applying for them.

Obama announced in November that up to 5 million illegal immigrants would be eligible to be shielded from deportation — including undocumented parents of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents — as long as they met certain criteria. One of the signature initiatives of his presidency, the plan also expands a 2012 program that has deferred the deportations of more than 600,000 immigrants brought to the United States illegally as children and has granted most of them work permits.

But after Texas and 25 other states sued the administration, calling the moves unconstitutional, a federal judge in Texas in February put them on hold until the case is resolved. A federal appeals court recently upheld that injunction, with legal observers now saying the court fight could last until late in Obama’s term. The 2012 program remains unaffected.

The legal battle highlights the explosive nature of the immigration debate, which has emerged as an early issue in the 2016 presidential race even as immigration legislation remains stalled in Congress. The fate of Obama’s executive action benefiting immigrant parents, known as Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, or DAPA, will resonate into the next administration. Most Republican presidential candidates have pledged to overturn Obama’s immigration actions, while leading Democratic candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton has strongly endorsed them.

As soon as Obama took his actions on Nov. 20, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services “immediately began efforts to implement those initiatives,’’ said Marsha Catron, a DHS spokeswoman. The next day, the agency leased a 280,000-square-foot building on Crystal Drive in Crystal City to house DAPA employees, according to DHS documents sent to Congress.

The building came fully furnished but required about $26 million in start-up costs, including $2.7 million for workstation and desktop equipment, documents show. Those costs were to be funded with fees collected from immigrants who had applied for other government programs, and DHS says DAPA would have no impact on any existing programs.

Citizenship and Immigration Services, which is part of DHS, is central to managing the nation’s immigration system and processes more than 6 million citizenship and other applications and petitions each year.

The plan also called for 1,000 employees, mostly new hires, to start up DAPA in Crystal City and 400 staffers at other service centers nationwide to process applications for the expanded 2012 program for immigrants brought illegally to the United States as children. That program is known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA.

Over time, however, Citizenship and Immigration Services projected that a total of 3,100 new employees might be needed for the two programs, which were expected to cost up to $484 million per year and be paid for by the $465 application fees required for each applicant.

By mid-February, DHS was days away from beginning to accept applications for the expanded DACA program, with the first DAPA applications to follow in May.

But on Feb. 16, U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen in Texas issued his ruling temporarily blocking both. Citizenship and Immigration Services “immediately took steps to ensure the agency ceased its preparations,’’ said Catron, who added that DHS is “disappointed” by that decision as well as the May 26 one by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit upholding it.

Since then, “everything is on hold,” said Kenneth Palinkas, president of National Citizenship and Immigration Services Council 119, which represents about 12,000 Citizenship and Immigration Services employees. Current employees who had been offered jobs in Crystal City have had the offers put on hold or rescinded, he said.

As for the Crystal City building, only the first floor is being used to train employees, about 30 at a time, on various aspects of immigration law, said Palinkas, who recently toured the facility.

Federal contractors, some of whom were also slated to work in Crystal City, have also been affected. DHS has canceled a request for proposals for a new mail and file room operations center to be staffed by about 400 contractors, documents said.

“It’s kind of come to a screeching halt,’’ said Marielena Hincapie, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center, which helps immigrants with legal and other issues. She said the Obama administration “is being very cautious. . . . They feel that injunction was very clear, that they’re not able to do anything.”

But immigrant advocacy groups feel differently, she said, because activists are confident that the administration will eventually prevail in the courts. “There is a sense of being undeterred, that we are going to continue planning,” she said. “We need to make sure that the infrastructure is in place and ready to go.’’

Across the nation, immigration advocacy organizations and other community groups are training people who will act as “navigators” — helping immigrants determine whether they are eligible for DAPA , locate key documents such as school transcripts and fill out the application. Activists describe the training as similar to that for another key Obama initiative, the Affordable Care Act, which also used navigators to help people enroll for health insurance.

“The reality is you can’t turn on a switch in people’s lives and all of the sudden 5 million people pour into the gates of DHS and move into the application process,’’ said Ken Zimmerman, director of U.S. programs for the Open Society Foundations, of which Soros is founder and chairman.

Zimmerman said the $8 million the organization is making available will go to a variety of community groups and will fund things such as new computer software to help them process applications. He said the foundations may donate more.

In the Washington area, CASA — a Maryland-based immigrant advocacy group — is continuing the DAPA informational sessions it has been holding in Maryland, Virginia, Pennsylvania and Delaware since Obama’s announcement in November.

At first, “hundreds and hundreds upon hundreds” of people showed up, said George Escobar, CASA’s senior director of human services. Since then, he said, “obviously interest has waned a little” amid frustration over the legal setbacks.

“Our job is to keep people motivated,” added Escobar, who believes it is “highly likely” that DAPA will survive the court challenge. “We will continue to prepare for it,” he said.",1
1577,Surprised About Donald Trump's Popularity? You Shouldn't Be,"Surprised About Donald Trump's Popularity? You Shouldn't Be

There are a lot of surprising things about Donald Trump's campaign. He has been atop polls almost constantly for nearly five months. Contrast that to GOP primaries of recent past, in which a series of ""front-runners"" have come and gone before a nominee was chosen.

Likewise, he seems not only immune to fact checks but is helped when he is perceived to be a victim of media targeting — even when he has made blatantly untrue claims and refused to back down.

Wednesday provided the latest Trump news that shocked (shocked!) many: Nearly two-thirds of likely GOP primary voters said in a Bloomberg poll that they supported his proposal to block all Muslims from entering the U.S. — a proposal that many legal scholars say would be unconstitutional and that many of Trump's GOP opponents blast as ""un-American.""

But when you look at Americans' attitudes, not only on that specific question of Islam but toward politics in general, a lot of things that have surprised the political establishment about Trump aren't surprising at all.

Let's start with that Bloomberg poll. One important caveat of this poll is that it's primary voters, not all GOP voters. Conventional wisdom says that primary voters (of either party) tend to have more extreme views than voters writ large, but they are who pick a nominee.

It's true that Americans view Muslims more negatively than they do any other major religious group, as Pew found in a 2014 study. On a ""feelings thermometer"" of 0 (most ""cold"" or negative) to 100, Muslims scored a 40, on par with atheists' 41. At the other end were Jews, Catholics and evangelical Christians, at 63, 62, and 61, respectively.

In addition, a majority of Americans — 56 percent — believe Islam is ""at odds with"" American values, up from 47 percent in 2011, according to a recent survey from the Public Religion Research Institute. The results are even more extreme on a partisan level, with 76 percent of Republicans agreeing with that idea.

In another new PRRI survey, 67 percent of Republicans said that ""U.S. Muslims have not done enough to confront extremism,"" along with 45 percent of Democrats.

Especially in a time when fear of an extremist Islamist terrorist group dominates the news, surveys like these show why some people might be particularly inclined to jump onto the Trump bandwagon.

As a Trump supporter told a focus group this week, ""We have to do something."" And Trump has brought forth the biggest ""somethings"" of all candidates.

Trump may be appealing to people who already have misgivings about Islam (or, prior to that, immigrants), but of course, it's not those attitudes that are driving his campaign. After all, his popularity has held, regardless of which topic he has chosen to focus on.

Rather, a bigger phenomenon may be at work in why Trump and his ideas are so popular: polarization. It's not clear whether Americans are growing more polarized ideologically (that is, whether their ideas are growing further apart politically). What is clearer is that Americans are experiencing more affective polarization — that is, regardless of where their views are moving, liberals increasingly dislike conservatives, and conservatives increasingly dislike liberals.

For a real-world spin on this, consider that 30 percent of consistent conservatives and 23 percent of consistent liberals say they'd be unhappy if their children married someone of the opposite party, according to a 2014 Pew poll.

""Regardless of whether or not their political beliefs are separate, the degree of dislike and distrust between the parties is really high,"" said Adam Berinsky, a political science professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who studies political misinformation. ""Democrats and Republicans live in different worlds. So what's Trump tapping into? I think it's this idea that the world is going bad.""

A few things have driven this dislike, as polarization expert and Vanderbilt University professor Marc Hetherington told NPR last month:

— the rise of ""gut-level"" issues like terrorism, guns and abortion as political topics; 

— the way race helped re-sort the political map in the past century; and 

— how closely matched the two parties are. (Think about how much easier it is to hate a sports rival who's a constant threat to your team than one who's way worse or way better.)

What it creates is distrust. Americans' levels of trust in the federal government are at nearly the lowest levels on record, as Pew reported last month.

""More polarization begets poor performance, which begets worse trust, which gives you worse performance, which, of course, gives you more frustration,"" Hetherington said.

A Lack Of Trust And A Want For 'Change'

Notably, trust is lower among Republicans during a Democratic administration (just as trust is low among Democrats during GOP administrations) — and trust is exceedingly low among Republicans right now.

All of that creates a perfect environment for a Trump to arise right now in the Republican Party. Lack of trust in government means Americans — particularly non-Democrats — may be particularly willing to vote for an ""outsider.""

Similarly, as Hetherington explained, Democrats were willing to vote for the ""outsider"" Obama after eight years of a George W. Bush presidency. Obama and Trump's rhetoric may be vastly different, but Americans' willingness to vote for change — even if untested — is the common factor here.

Polarization may also contribute to why Trump seems to have a Teflon skin when it comes to fact checks. He has over the years claimed that Obama wasn't born in the U.S. and, more recently, that there were ""thousands and thousands"" of Muslims in New Jersey cheering the attacks on the World Trade Center. He hasn't disavowed those ideas — even given repeated fact checks.

And, more important, his supporters haven't abandoned him. In fact, they've become more intensely supportive.

Polarization once again may be at work. When people increasingly dislike their countrymen across the aisle, it could reasonably make them more susceptible to ""motivated reasoning"" — loosely defined as what happens when one's reasoning process is clouded by emotions (such as hatred of the other party) and other pre-existing biases.

Motivated reasoning can happen when new information challenges one's worldview. As political scientists from Appalachian State University wrote in a 2012 article, ""When individuals engage in motivated reasoning, partisan goals trump accuracy goals.""

In these situations, people ""vigorously defend their prior values, identities, and attitudes at the expense of factual accuracy.""

Getting back to Trump, this could lead his supporters to believe some of his more brazen claims about Muslim hatred toward other Americans, Sept. 11 celebrations, black-on-white homicide rates or immigrants and crime.

To be clear, the willingness to believe in unsupported ideas is bipartisan. To take an extreme example, according to research from Dartmouth College political science professor Brendan Nyhan, Democrats were, as of 2006 (that is, during the Bush administration), roughly as likely to believe that the Sept. 11 attacks were an inside job as Republicans were, as of 2010, to believe that Obama wasn't born in the U.S.

The point is that in this low-trust, highly polarized environment, when one party is always suspicious of the other, things that might have surprised Americans just a few decades ago are commonplace now.",1
5266,#NeverTrump Goes Down in Flames in Final Attempt to Stop The Donald,"After a tireless campaign to unbind Republican delegates to ‘vote their conscience’ at next week’s convention, the anti-Trumpers were trampled at a marathon rules committee session.

were pushing a proposal designed to stop Trump in the days leading up to the Republican convention next week. The proposal would unbind Republican delegates from how citizens in various states voted and allow them to vote instead based on their personal consciences.

For weeks, members of the rules committee had been urged to support this rebel effort. One delegate said she had received some 400 emails urging her to support the so-called conscience clause.

It all converged late Thursday night, after an exhausting day of mind-numbing, obscure rules changes. Then came the dramatic moment, a vote that one 40-year rules committee veteran said had ""obviously been the subject of more pre-convention publicity than any rules matter ever in living memory.""

The incessant campaign of the anti-Trump rebellion rankled some of the delegates committed to the New York businessman. “The people who sent all those emails: It’s over, folks,” proclaimed Iowa delegate Steve Scheffler while the committee debated the proposal. “Let’s get behind our nominee right now.”

The results were disastrous: Not only did the #NeverTrump delegates lose on their issue by an overwhelming number, but the Republican delegates voted to strengthen the binding of delegates.

Using procedures to their advantage, pro-Trump forces on the committee shut down the #NeverTrump effort with ease. In the end, the anti-Trump delegates failed event to get a tallied vote on the “conscience clause”—they were shouted down in a voice vote. They were denied even the chance to debate the initiative.

“This angst isn’t going to go away just because we paper over it with rules,” said Sen. Mike Lee, a rules committee delegate from Utah and a urging Trump instead to make the substantive case to Republican delegates for why they should support him.

Not long after his speech, the senator walked out of the rules committee. He told The Daily Beast he didn’t want to comment on what happened inside.

Unbinding proponents never expected to gain a majority of committee members. Instead, the anti-Trump Republicans set their sights on securing 28—a quarter—of the committee’s 112 members, which would have sent the proposal to the convention floor as a “minority report.”

Kendal Unruh, a Colorado delegate leading the unbinding effort, claimed throughout the last week that the anti-Trump Republicans had secured the necessary 28 votes, citing the movement’s internal whip count. A Wall Street Journal last week found 20 members open to consider unbinding delegates.

Yet a , published the day before the failed vote, found only five committee members in support of allowing delegates to vote their conscience.

The anti-Trump Republicans now plan to take their fight to the convention floor next week. Under their interpretation of party rules, delegates have always been free to vote their conscience.

The #NeverTrump movement’s last chance to stop Trump will be through a last-minute challenge on the convention floor, when state delegations participate in the official vote for the presidential nomination.

Usually, each state delegation chairperson simply announces the state delegates’ vote count, as it has been pre-assigned by party rules. But an anti-Trump delegate could contest his or her state’s vote count and ask for, essentially, a redo of votes while on the convention floor—and the delegates hope to switch their votes away from Trump during the recount.",1
1665,Jeb Bush 3.0 will crash and burn: Why his new (new) strategy is almost certainly doomed,"It seems like every few weeks we get a new explanation for why Jeb Bush should continue running president. As the summer dragged and Donald Trump shot to the top of the national polls while Jeb’s support began to soften, Jeb’s plan was to use the debates to offer himself as a serious alternative to Trump, someone who could fix problems and get things done. He did that, and his numbers kept dropping. But not to worry, Jeb said as we transitioned to autumn, things will turn around once the mailers are sent out and the TV ads start airing in the early primary states. The mail went out and the ads were aired, and his numbers kept dropping. Here we are in late October, and JebWorld has a new rationale to offer: forget about the polls and forget about the early states, it’s all about money and delegates, and we’ll outlast everyone else.

Mike Murphy, the head of Jeb’s super PAC, Right to Rise, gave a big interview to Bloomberg’s Sasha Issenberg this week in which he laid out pretty much every facet of his strategic thinking regarding Jeb’s candidacy. His group has been blasting Iowa and New Hampshire with millions of dollars in pro-Jeb propaganda for the last several weeks, only to see his candidate’s numbers keep dropping. So it was revealing when he described how he sees the race shaking out once the voting starts and insisted that the early states won’t matter:

BLOOMBERG: During that period, you expect several candidates to be clumped together as far as delegates are concerned. MURPHY: Yeah, for a while, for a while. I mean February’s not really about delegates, it’s about media momentum. BLOOMBERG: When do you expect that to change? MURPHY: March 15 is the big day. On the 16th, I don’t think anybody will have a mathematical lock, but there definitely will be a very strong leading candidate.

As Dave Weigel notes, this is the same thinking that animated Ron Paul’s 2012 campaign, which is weird given that Paul was an outsider running on an ideologically heterodox platform, while Bush is the concentrated essence of establishment Republican politics. The argument here is that Jeb, unlike other candidates, will have the financial resources to stay in the race basically forever, and once the other candidates flame out, their voters will come home to Team Bush. What they’re basing that assumption on is anyone’s guess, given that Republican voters seem to show nothing but growing contempt for Jeb as time goes by. The latest NBC/Wall Street Journal poll found that 44 percent of Republican primary voters could not see themselves supporting Bush.

Team Jeb has a different view of things, obviously. In Murphy’s vision of the 2016 primary, there are two “lanes” for candidates. “I’m more interested in what percent of the electorate is considering Jeb versus others,” he explained. “I’m interested in lanes, kind of the Grievance Lane versus the Optimistic Lane.” Jeb, obviously, falls into the Optimistic Lane. Candidates like Donald Trump, Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, and Mike Huckabee are the Grievance Lane inhabitants. But what about the other candidates? Specifically, what about Marco Rubio? He’s the big threat to steal away Jeb’s establishment support, so what does Murphy think of him?

Well, while Jeb is in the Optimistic Lane, Rubio is in the – wait for it – Cynical Lane: MURPHY: What’s interesting about Marco’s campaign – and in the end I think all the essential truth of the stuff bubbles up to the voters and they sort it out pretty well – is there’s a cynicism to it. It’s cynical to run as the creature of new, fresh, while it’s all secret dark money. Maybe from one person, we don’t know. It’s cynical to say, “I’m going to take the lead on defeating this horrible Iran deal that we all hate,” and broadcast your ads to defeat that deal only on the Fox Network, where everybody is already against the deal, instead of running those ads on MSNBC to pressure Democratic senators that were the outcome to beating that deal. Cynically use it just to raise your name ID among Republican primary voters who already agree with you on the deal. There is a cynicism behind the young, fresh brand that I think is going to catch up with him. Jeb himself previewed his anti-Rubio strategy earlier this month, questioning Rubio’s leadership capabilities and suggesting the young first-term senator wasn’t up for the rigors of the presidency. What Jeb and Murphy are doing here is a version of what Hillary Clinton tried to do to Barack Obama in 2008. If you’ll recall, Obama spent basically the entire month of February 2008 dunking on Hillary, winning primary after primary and running up the delegate count. That prompted Hillary to attack the “Hope and Change” basis of Obama’s campaign and portray herself as someone who know how to do more than give speeches. “The skies will open, the light will come down, celestial choirs will be singing and everyone will know we should do the right thing and the world will be perfect,” she said of Obama’s message, laying on a thick layer of sarcasm. “Maybe I’ve just lived a little long, but I have no illusions about how hard this is going to be.” John McCain picked up the attack during the general election, casting Obama as an empty suit and a “celebrity.” That strategy did little to stop Obama, even though Hillary still commanded the loyalty of a massive chunk of the party. The same attack might have a bit more potency against Rubio, given that Republican voters have had it drilled into their heads that first-term senators make bad presidents. The problem for Jeb is that he doesn’t have the credibility with Republican voters to make this attack stick. They already dislike him and have shown no interest in buying what he’s selling, and nothing Jeb does seems to change that.",1
5091,"A Tale of 2 Americas: Platforms Show World of Difference Between Dems, GOP","PHILADELPHIA -- In the same city where the framers met to craft the Constitution, Democrats triumphantly chose Hillary Clinton as their White House nominee Tuesday night, the first woman to ever lead a major political party into the general election.

""If there are any little girls out there who stayed up late to watch, let me just say I may become the first woman president but one of you is next. Thank you all. I can't wait to join you in Philadelphia. Thank you!"" Clinton proclaimed.

Clinton's fierce primary rival, Sen. Bernie Sanders, was the one who put her over the top, pulling a procedural move that allowed him to give her his delegates.

It was an emotional day as Clinton supporters anticipated the historic moment and Sanders supporters faced reality.

""It is with enormous pride that I cast my vote for Bernie Sanders,"" the Vermont lawmaker's brother, Larry Sanders, declared.

Several other party leaders and speakers addressed the convention, but the crowd came alive when former President Bill Clinton took the stage.

Clinton took Democrats through his life with Hillary by telling stories about her as a wife and mother while reminding them of her credentials.

""She's been around a long time. She sure has. And she's sure been worth every single year she's put into making people's lives better. I can tell you this: if you were sitting where I'm sitting and you heard what I have heard at every dinner conversation, every lunch conversation, on every long walk, you would say this woman has never been satisfied with the status quo in anything,"" Clinton said of his wife.

""She always wants to move the ball forward. That is just who she is,"" Clinton continued.

Now that they have a nominee, Clinton supporters hope to use the party planks to bring the Sanders faithful back into the fold.

Even though the climate is not as liberal as Sanders supporters would like here in Philadelphia, Democrats approved their most liberal platform, which stands in stark contrast to the platform passed by Republicans last week in Cleveland.

Here's what you need to know about the visions and values of America's two political parties: It's a tale of two paths – two futures for America with two political platforms.

""It really kind of gives a roadmap for the party's principles,"" said Teege Mettille, a DNC delegate from Wisconsin.

On nearly every issue there's a distinction between the Democratic and Republican Party platforms.

""We produced, by far, the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party,"" Sanders proclaimed.

On abortion, Democrats turned their backs on 40 years of policy as they call for the repeal of the Hyde Amendment – a law signed by President Jimmy Carter that prohibits the use of federal tax dollars for abortion.

It's a move that alienates one in three Democrats, according to Democrats for Life.

Michael Wear, a former faith adviser to President Barack Obama, calls the move ""disappointing and misguided.""

""I think the decision we have to make is whether we will continue to be an open tent, welcoming the people who disagree on such a core moral issue as the sanctity of life or whether we're going to become a more strident, closed off, frankly, less inclusive party,"" Wear reflected.

On other social issues the differences in the platforms are vast.

""There are things that are written in that platform that have never been written in there in the history of the party,"" Brandon Weathersby, with the Democratic Party of Wisconsin, said.

Republicans call traditional marriage the ""foundation for a free society"" and acknowledge traditional families as ideal for raising healthy kids who are less likely to get in trouble.

The Democratic platform, however, calls for expanding rights for LGBT Americans.

On the environment, Democrats call for a carbon tax, while Republicans oppose it.

""One of the things that we thought was really amazing - even though we're here as Hillary Clinton delegates, how proud we were that you could hear and see Bernie's voice in that platform to be the most progressive platform in our lifetime that the Democratic Party's every passed,"" David Mettille, a Wisconsin delegate, said.

Sanders backers represent a growing gap between Democrats and Republicans on Israel.

Even though the platforms include similar language about Israel, both parties oppose efforts to delegitimize Israel through the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement.

Republicans take it further, calling the BDS movement anti-Semitic and call for legislation to stop actions that limit commercial relations with Israel.

During the drafting of the Democrats' platform, debate about Israel caused so much passion that police had to wade into the audience as activists shouted down delegates.

Sen. Sanders backed a measure to ""end the occupation"" of Palestinians. Liberal activists also called for the rebuilding of the Gaza Strip.

""It is apparently the most progressive platform we've ever had, but it's far from what we wanted,"" Hillary Keys, a Sanders supporter, said.

Keys says this is only the beginning. They're leaving Philly to focus on electing the most liberal candidates they can to every office, from dog catcher to president.

In this election, more than ever before Americans have a clear choice between two very different visions.

It's also a time when Christians have a chance to make a major impact.

""There's an anxiety in our culture. It should be the Christian voice that is not echoing the despair but offering a voice of possibility and the love and a future in Christ and a security in Christ,"" Wear said.",1
3210,Jeb seeks to shake shadow of Bush family name,"Nashua, New Hampshire (CNN) Jeb Bush took the podium at the mainstay presidential primary event ""Politics & Eggs"" in Manchester Friday morning, flanked by photos of his father and older brother.

The pictures of the two presidents, Bush said, ""bring back really fond memories.""

And yet, the likely 2016 presidential candidate would prefer that New Hampshire voters ignore them.

As the former Florida governor mulls a presidential bid, his biggest political asset among establishment figures and donors—his family—is a liability with activists. And it's a particularly acute problem in the Granite State, home to the first-in-the-nation primary that helped sink President George H.W. Bush's re-election bid in 1992 and supported President George W. Bush's biggest primary challenger, John McCain, in 2000.

In a two-day swing through the state featuring stops in Concord, Manchester and Nashua, the younger Bush sought to reverse his family's fortunes.

""I'm going to have to show my heart, show who I am, tell my story,"" he said. ""It's a little different than the story of my brother and my dad. This may come as a shock to you, but you have brothers and sisters so you may appreciate this: We're not all alike. We make our own mistakes in life, we're on our own life's journey.""

Thursday night in Concord, Bush joked that he is not running ""to try to break the tie between the Adams family and the Bush family""—the only two in American history to produce father-and-son presidents.

He was self-effacing when asked about a match-up with Hillary Clinton, which would mean one of their two last names had been on primary or general election ballots in seven of the last eight presidential elections.

""I have enough self-awareness to know that that is an oddity,"" Bush said.

He also tried to disarm his skeptics. Asked at the New Hampshire GOP's summit—the event that drew the entire Republican field into the state for Friday and Saturday—about the prospects of a dynastic Clinton vs. Bush election, he said: ""I don't see any coronation coming my way, trust me.""

""I mean, come on,"" he added. ""What are you seeing that I'm not seeing?""

Bush hasn't officially entered the presidential race yet. But his Right to Rise political action committee has hired three key staffers in New Hampshire. Rich Killion, a Concord-based strategist who worked on Mitt Romney's 2008 campaign and has guided scores of local races, will lead Bush's efforts in the state. Rob Varsalone, who was George W. Bush's top in-state aide in the 2004 election and is close to Sen. Kelly Ayotte, and Nate Lamb, who was Scott Brown's field director in his unsuccessful Senate race last year, are also on board.

At the New Hampshire GOP summit, Bush sought to strike a forward-looking tone.

""We will not win if we just complain about how bad things are,"" Bush said. ""We also have to offer a compelling alternative so that more and more and more people join our cause.""

He didn't mention any GOP foes by name, but—through the cloak of an assault on President Barack Obama—took a veiled shot at the three freshman Republican senators who have entered the race so far: Florida's Marco Rubio, Texas's Ted Cruz and Kentucky's Rand Paul.

Bush said that ""accomplishment matters"" and, suggesting that his time as Florida governor is better preparation than Congress, added: ""The big desk is different than perhaps United States senator or another job.""

Bush didn't throw much red meat to hardline conservatives, standing by his controversial stand in favor of immigration reform during his stops in New Hampshire, downplaying the importance of same-sex marriage and defending his calls for higher education standards, even as he said the federal government shouldn't push Common Core on states.

But his biggest selling point was the eight years he spent as Florida's top executive, saying his record is an ""I'm-not-kidding conservative one.""

The summit's attendees—particularly those who remembered the Bush family's first two presidents—said it wasn't his policies that concerned them, less than one year away from the state's primary.

""The Bush family has been terrific, but I think we need a change,"" said Jim McHugh, a 63-year-old consulting business owner from Portsmouth.

""It's probably not fair to him, simply because his dad and his brother were president, but I think I would like to see someone new,"" said Donna Slack, a 66-year-old Greenland retiree.

""I certainly don't have anything against him personally. I think he did a wonderful job in Florida,"" she added.

Bush earned strong reviews, though, from University of New Hampshire students—both of whom were in their early teenage years when Bush's brother was president, and who weren't alive when his father left office.

""He's extremely personable, compared to some other candidates,"" he said. ""Some crowds I've seen him speak at are not exactly his type of conservatives, but I think he really knows how to adapt to every situation.""

Michael Raccio, 21, another UNH student, said Bush ""really impressed me,"" but he'll probably back a more conservative contender, like Cruz, because Bush ""didn't address illegal immigration, and he has a shaky record on that.""

""I was looking for him to address why he was in favor of giving in-state tuition to illegal immigrants in addition to giving driver's licenses to illegal immigrants, and he never mentioned a thing,"" he said. ""So I'm still left with a couple questions.""",1
3570,Jeh Johnson calls for increased vigilance after Mall of America terror threat,"Americans must be vigilant in light of a terror threat calling for attacks at malls such as the Mall of America in Minnesota, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Sunday.

""If anyone is planning to go to the Mall of America today, they've got to be particularly careful,"" he said on CNN's ""State of the Union."" ""There will be enhanced security there, but public vigilance, public awareness and public caution in situations like this is particularly important, and it's the environment we're in, frankly.""

Johnson’s comments came after the release of a video Saturday that was purported to be from the Somali militant group al-Shabab and called for attacks on malls in the United States, Canada and Britain. The video used footage of the 2013 attack on the Westgate Mall in Nairobi and specifically mentioned the Mall of America, in Bloomington, Minn.; West Edmonton Mall in Canada; and Westfield mall in Stratford, England, among others, as potential targets.

The video called on Muslims to conduct these attacks independently and quickly. “So hurry up, hasten towards heaven, and do not hesitate, for the disbelievers have no right whatsoever to rejoice in the safety of their lands until safety becomes a reality in Palestine and all the lands of Muslims,” an English-speaking narrator says in the video, provided by the Site Intelligence Group.

Johnson said Sunday that groups such as al-Shabab are ""relying more and more on independent actors to become inspired"" and ""attack on their own.""

He also said there was a need for a comprehensive approach to fighting the ever-present threat posed by terror groups, including the Islamic State, which is variously known as ISIS and ISIL.

""Groups like ISIL, al-Shabab, AQAP [al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula] are now publicly calling for attacks, either through the Internet, through videos, through publications, which means that we need to respond militarily,"" he said. ""But we also have to have a whole government approach to law enforcement.""

DHS Undersecretary Suzanne E. Spaulding elaborated on such an approach during a Senate hearing last fall. She noted that government officials routinely work with the private sector to understand the scope of threats they face and to share information and training. For instance, she said the DHS and the Energy Department regularly provide threat briefings to energy company CEOs and other executives about physical threats and cyberthreats. She also referenced the 2013 attack in Kenya.

""In the wake of the terrorist attack on the shopping mall in Nairobi, Kenya, DHS and the FBI engaged more than 400 major malls across the United States to facilitate table-top exercises based on a similar attack involving active shooters and the use of improved explosive devices,"" Spaulding told lawmakers, according to a transcript.

The Mall of America released a statement Sunday indicating that it takes potential threats seriously and that it had increased security.

Johnson also said Sunday that he hopes Congress this week will ""finally come together"" and pass an appropriations bill that would not defund DHS. Should it be defunded, his headquarters staff would be ""dialed back to a skeleton,"" he said on CBS's ""Face the Nation.""

Johnson has condemned House Republicans for their efforts to defund DHS over President Obama's immigration executive action.

""I'm a little frustrated, frankly, because when I talked to my friends on the Senate side, they say, 'Go talk to the House.' And when I go talk to my friends on the House side, they say, 'It's not me, I passed my bill. Go talk to the Senate,'"" he said Sunday.

Johnson also dived into the debate over how to refer to the Islamic State.

On ""Fox News Sunday,"" he said that calling the militant organization an Islamic group gives it ""more dignity than it deserves."" He said the president's refusal to tie the militant organization to ""radical Islam"" is more about not giving the group religious ""legitimacy"" than about being politically correct.

""To say that they are in any form Islamic cedes to them a playing field that they would like to be drawn into,"" he said.

After making the rounds of the Sunday talk shows, Johnson also addressed the National Governors Association winter meeting in Washington, where he again outlined the consequences of an agency shutdown.

Texas Gov. Gregg Abbott (R), in an interview, disputed as ""baloney"" warnings by Johnson of the potential impact on states and cities, noting that all essential personnel would still be on the job even if funding is halted.

Abbott also said that in light of the recent court ruling blocking implementation of the president's executive actions, it is now the Democrats who stand as the major obstacle to passing legislation in Congress. ""It would be irresponsible,"" he said, for Democrats to block action this week.

Brady Dennis and Dan Balz contributed to this report.",1
2913,"Gen. Petraeus: Biggest threat to Iraq's stability is Iran-backed militias, not ISIS","Former CIA director and retired Gen. David Petraeus says the biggest threat to long-term stability in Iraq isn’t the Islamic State -- but instead, Iran-backed Shiite militias.

“What has happened in Iraq is a tragedy — for the Iraqi people, for the region and for the entire world. It is tragic foremost because it didn't have to turn out this way,” Petraeus told The Washington Post.  “The hard-earned progress of the surge was sustained for over three years. What transpired after that, starting in late 2011, came about as a result of mistakes and misjudgments whose consequences were predictable.”

Petraeus, who continues to advise the Obama administration on Iraq despite his recent guilty plea for leaking classified information to his former mistress, says there is plenty of blame to go around for the chaos in the region.

But Petraeus told the Post he thinks Iraq and coalition forces are making progress against ISIS.

""In fact,"" he said, ""I would argue that the foremost threat to Iraq's long-term stability and the broader regional equilibrium is not the Islamic State; rather, it is Shiite militias, many backed by -- and some guided by -- Iran.""

He told the Post the Iran-backed militias returned to the streets of Iraq in response to a fatwa by Shia leader Grand Ayatollah Sistani during a moment of “extreme danger” and acknowledged this prevented ISIS from continuing its offensive into Baghdad. But he said the militias went after Sunni civilians as well as extremists, ""and committed atrocities against them.”

What’s resulted is that the group has been both part of Iraq’s salvation but also its the most serious threat in the campaign to get the Sunni Arab population in Iraq to believe they have a say, Petraeus argued.

Petraeus, 62, admitted to having an affair with his biographer Paula Broadwell, following his resignation as CIA director. Prosecutors claimed that while Broadwell was writing her book in 2011, Petraeus gave her binders with classified  information he kept while he was top military commander in Afghanistan.

In addition to working with the Obama administration, Petraeus has started to re-enter public life. He’s a scholar at Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government and has taken a job at KKR & Co., a private-equity firm known for its large corporate takeovers.",1
3677,4 students arrested for Calif. school shooting plot,"Four students were arrested Saturday after police discovered a shooting plot involving Summerville High School in Tuolumne, Calif.

Among the evidence, deputies said they found a list of the names of the targeted victims. Tuolumne County Sheriff Jim Mele said the students confessed.

When asked what they said, Mele responded: ""that they were going to come on campus and shoot and kill as many people as possible.""

The sheriff's department said they were contacted on Wednesday by school administrators regarding students who were making threats against faculty and staff.

""As each one of them was identified they were removed from campus,"" Robert Griffith, Summerville Union High School District Superintendent, said. ""Their parents were called.""

Deputies said the four students were in the beginning stages of the plot, and no one was hurt.

""I can't imagine getting a phone call that something like that had happened at that school,"" Kristin said.

Deputies said the suspects were in the process of obtaining the weapons they were going to use in the attack.

All four students were arrested for conspiracy to commit an assault with deadly weapons. Their names will not be released because they're juveniles.",1
1595,Fiorina blasts CNN for debate rules that could exclude her despite rise in polls,"Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina is blasting CNN for relying in large part on old polling to determine who makes their prime-time debate stage next month.

The former Hewlett-Packard CEO has been rising in the polls since what was widely seen as a breakout performance in the first Aug. 6 Fox News-Facebook debate where lower-polling candidates squared off.

But in determining who makes their prime-time debate on Sept. 16, CNN plans to count a number of polls from the three weeks before the August debate, when Fiorina's numbers were low. The calculation could well exclude her.

""It's frustrating to say the least if CNN is putting their thumb on the scale,"" Fiorina told Fox News on Friday.

CNN plans to take an average of major polls from July 16 to Sept. 10, and allow the top 10 on the prime-time debate stage in Simi Valley, Calif. Others will be invited to an earlier debate. However, the Fiorina camp says because there were far more polls taken in the three weeks before the debate than since, CNN will be weighting pre-debate polls more than three times as heavily as post-debate polls. They argue it doesn't make sense to rely so heavily on old polling.

""It doesn't seem right to me,"" Fiorina said Friday.

Since the Aug. 6 debate, a Fox News poll has Fiorina in seventh place nationally with 5 percent, a significant increase from a pre-debate poll that put her in 12th place with 2 percent.

A post-debate Rasmussen poll put her in a tie for fourth with 9 percent and this week's Quinnipiac poll has her in eighth place with 5 percent. Some key state polls have her doing even better.

""I'm also comfortably within the top five in virtually every statewide poll that has been taken since that debate,"" Fiorina said Friday.

A CNN spokeswoman told Fox News that ""we believe our approach is a fair and effective way to deal with the highest number of candidates we have ever encountered.""

However, the Fiorina campaign blasted both CNN and the Republican National Committee for ""rigging the game"" to keep her off the main stage. Fiorina has also nudged CNN to simply take more polls to remedy the situation.

""To be clear, if Carly isn't on the main stage, it will not be because her rise in the polls can't overcome lower polling from July, but because only two of CNN's chosen polling companies have released polls at all since the first debate,"" a Fiorina campaign aide told Fox News.

An RNC spokesman told Fox News the party is legally barred from interfering with the media's rules.

Still, Fiorina told Fox News on Thursday she wants the RNC to take charge.

Fox News' Serafin Gomez and Howard Kurtz contributed to this report.",1
248,11 Benghazi takeaways: One for each hour,"Washington (CNN) The House Benghazi committee took its best swings at Hillary Clinton in a day-long hearing Thursday -- but the former secretary of state remained mostly calm throughout the hearing, save for a few animated moments in which she struggled to mask her contempt for her Republican inquisitors.

The panel's seven Republicans tried to prove Clinton ignored U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens ' requests for additional security before the September 11, 2012, attacks during which Stevens and three other Americans were killed.

But Clinton -- seeking an October trifecta after delivering a strong performance in the first Democratic presidential debate last week and then watching Vice President Joe Biden decide to sit out the race, bolstering her chances at the party's nomination -- gave them little new fodder.

Here are 11 takeaways from the hearing, one for every hour it lasted.

There would be no moment of exasperation like the one Clinton had made at a Benghazi hearing two years ago, when she asked of the attackers' motives: ""What difference, at this point, does it make?""

Clinton spoke slowly in a measured tone -- careful to keep any anger or frustration in check even as Republicans attacked her.

She even tugged at the heartstrings of those who were watching the hearing on television, saying that insinuations that she deliberately blocked requests for increased security are ""very personally painful.""

""I would imagine I've thought more about what happened than all of you put together. I've lost more sleep than all of you put together,"" Clinton said.

The following morning, one source told CNN that Clinton HQ was ""ecstatic.""

""That was a president sitting there,"" the source, a Clinton campaign aide, said.

Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, pushed Clinton hard over her use of a private email server -- mocking her as ""the most transparent person ever.""

He demanded to know the search terms her attorneys used to sort through which emails were work-related and therefore should be turned over to the State Department and which were personal.

""You might have made more mistakes -- we don't know,"" Jordan said.

Clinton appeared a bit thrown, unable to answer questions about how, specifically, her lawyers combed through her emails.

""I have been releasing my emails to the public,"" she said, a reference to the State Department's court-ordered release of her work emails.

The hearing started at 10 a.m., and Jordan's line of questioning didn't begin until 7:45 p.m. If Republicans were hoping Clinton would be worn down, it didn't happen. But they did manage to push the portion about Clinton's private server into prime-time television. It was a risk, as some news outlets -- like Fox News -- had already cut away from the hearing.

The email questions did push Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings over the edge, though, as he lambasted Republicans for trying to ""badger you into a gotcha moment.""

""We're better than that. We are so much better. We're a better country,"" an impassioned Cummings said to Clinton. ""And we are so much better than using taxpayer dollars to try to destroy a campaign.""

She said she couldn't recall.

One of the most compelling -- and informative -- moments of the day unfolded shortly after 7 p.m. during an exchange with Rep. Susan Brooks, R-Ind., who repeatedly asked whether Clinton had spoken with Stevens after he was sworn in as the U.S. ambassador to Libya in May 2012 and before his death on Sept. 11, 2012.

""We don't know the answer. Did you ever personally speak to him after you swore him in in May?"" Brooks asked Clinton, her voice raising with emotion. ""Yes or no please.""

""Yes, I believe I did,"" Clinton replied. ""I don't recall.""

It was a moment that will almost certainly be referred back to again and again, particularly by critics who believe Clinton did not do enough to secure the American diplomatic mission in Benghazi. It was reminiscent of those five words that still reverberate from her 2013 testimony: ""What difference does it make?""

Her voice was calm. She stood her ground. But Clinton bluntly explained that there are many diplomatic personnel working in dangerous conditions -- not just Libya.

""We have diplomatic facilities in war zones,"" Clinton said. ""We have ambassadors that we send to places that have been bombed and attacked all the time.""

""Had you talked to him in July, he would have told you that he had asked to keep the security in Libya that he had,"" Brooks said. ""He was told no by your State Department.""

Much of the focus in the lead-up to the hearing hasn't been on Clinton at all, but on the panel's chairman, Trey Gowdy.

The former prosecutor's carefully laid plans for the hearing were thrown into a tailspin when Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy put Gowdy on defense by claiming the committee was scoring political points by dragging Clinton's poll numbers down. Gowdy spent weeks trying to show that the work is only focused on getting the truth -- not Clinton.

But Gowdy's lines of questioning -- hitting Clinton about her friends and her emails -- will do little to erase doubts about his committee, especially as Democrats continue their threat to pull out altogether.

It's unclear whether it sullies his future, though: Gowdy ultimately wants to leave Congress when the committee work concludes and become a federal judge, which would require a Republican in the White House.

Gowdy was unable to say what was different between Thursday's event and the last time she testified.

""I don't know that she testified that much differently today than the previous times she's testified,"" Gowdy told CNN.

The biggest player in Thursday's hearing might not have been in the room at all.

The committee's chairman, Gowdy, made Blumenthal the focus of the first 10-minute period in which he questioned Clinton. He highlighted negative remarks Blumenthal had made about other members of President Barack Obama's administration.

""You know, Mr. Chairman, if you don't have any friends who say unkind things privately, I congratulate you, but from my perspective, I don't know what this line of questioning does to help us get to the bottom of four deaths of Americans,"" Clinton said.

The committee has already interviewed Blumenthal. Democrats got frustrated enough with the GOP's comments about him that they moved to make public the transcript of that interview -- but Republicans voted down that motion.

Said Rep. Adam Schiff, D-California: ""I have to say, I just don't understand the preoccupation with Sidney Blumenthal.""

7. Schiff and the Democrats who had Clinton's back.

Clinton had a good ally on the panel in Schiff, who is the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. The closest member on the panel to classified intelligence, he gave her a lot of cover on the ""fog"" that happens in unfolding situations.

He also was a bit of yin to Cummings' yang, in that his sharp attacks on his Republican colleagues have been overwhelmingly calmly delivered, while Cummings opted for more flash and bang.

Both have allowed Clinton to deliver pure, emotionally powerful statements -- staying above the fray while the panel members handle throwing barbs.

Clinton had more friends in the audience. Several Democrats made appearances in the hearing room throughout the day. At one point, Clinton turned and said to them, ""You've got my back -- literally!""

8. All about the emails.

Despite Republicans' assurances that Clinton's use of a private email server wouldn't be a primary focus of the hearing, the seven GOP members kept coming back to her emails.

Brooks piled two stacks of Clinton's emails on her desk -- a taller set from 2011 and a shorter collection from 2012.

Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kansas, asked Clinton why she had never given Stevens her personal email address.

He then pushed Clinton on whether Stevens had her home address, fax number or cell phone number, too -- reminding her that her friend Blumenthal does.

Others pressed the same issue. It was part of an attempt by Republicans to demonstrate that Stevens' requests for additional security were ignored by Clinton because she didn't offer him enough access.

""Help us understand how Sidney Blumenthal had that kind of access to you, Madam Secretary, but the ambassador did not,"" Gowdy said.

The problem for Republicans, who appeared overly focused on what has become a political hot button, is that most of the resources the committee has are in the form of emails, thousands of documents they've received from the State Department about what happened in Libya and Benghazi. That limits their ability to press Clinton on records obtained otherwise.

What about Thursday's marathon hearing will give the GOP new ammunition in the fight against Clinton and her performance on Benghazi? The revelations that she told both a top Egyptian official and her own family that the attack was premeditated and, respectively, carried out by an known terror group will likely be used against her.

Jordan read out a conversation she had with then-Egyptian Prime Minister Hesham Kandil the day after the Benghazi attack in which she told him: ""We know the attack in Libya had nothing to do with the film. It was a planned attack, not a protest."" And he also read from an email to her family right after the attack in which she wrote: ""Two officers were killed today in Benghazi by an al Qaeda-like group.""

Clinton explained the discrepancy between those sentiments and the administration's repeated statements in the days after the attacks that the attacks were spontaneous as largely due to fast-moving intelligence assessments in a chaotic period.

But to Republicans, they are likely to be seized on as evidence that the administration was not upfront about the nature of the attacks. Many in the GOP have long maintained that the Obama administration wanted to conceal the attacks' ties to terrorists out of fear that would undermine a central argument in President Barack Obama's re-election campaign -- then in its closing weeks -- that he had been effective in fighting terror.

Jordan submitted the former secretary of state to a dramatic period of questioning when he alleged that she and other Obama administration staff tried to blame the attack on the consulate on an anti-Muslim YouTube video to avoid undercutting Obama's claims that he had crushed al Qaeda.

""You could live with a protest about a video, that won't hurt you, but a terror attack would,"" Jordan said, saying that Americans could accept, reluctantly, compatriots being killed abroad but ""what they can't live with is when their government is not square with them.""

Clinton rejected the claim, saying in the desperate hours after the attack that information on the true nature of the assault on the compound by a mob was unclear.

""I am sorry that it doesn't fit your narrative, congressman,"" Clinton said. ""I can only tell you what the facts are.""

11. 'I really don't care what you say about me.'

At the end of the 11th hour -- and after a brief coughing fit -- Clinton could no longer hide her contempt for the Republican-led committee, and particularly Gowdy.

""I really don't care what you say about me. It doesn't bother me a bit,"" she said while defending Admiral Michael Mullen, who helmed a previous Benghazi investigation.

She added: ""I can't help, Mr. Chairman, that you all don't like the findings"" of previous reviews.",1
1498,Bush donors await green light to jump ship,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
3900,Obama says he learned of Clinton using private email through news reports,"President Obama says he first learned from news reports that his former secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, used a private email account during her tenure, amid reports the White House and State Department may have known as far back as last August that Clinton did not use government email.

“The same time everybody else learned it, through news reports,” Obama told CBS’ Bill Plante, in response to a question of when the president learned of Clinton’s use of a private email account for conducting government business.

Obama, in an interview with CBS aired Sunday, continued to stand by his claims that “the policy of my administration is to encourage transparency… and that's why my emails -- the BlackBerry that I carry around -- all those records are available and archived and I'm glad that Hillary has instructed that those emails that had to do with official business need to be disclosed.”

His comments came as Politico.com reported that Clinton’s staff made the decision to keep the news of the emails quiet after the White House, State Department and Clinton’s personal office learned in August that House Republicans had been given information showing that Clinton used a private email account to conduct official government business.

During the CBS interview, Obama praised Clinton: “Let me just say that Hillary Clinton is and has been an outstanding public servant; she was a great secretary of state for me.”

The White House struggled Friday to respond to the Politico report.

White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Friday that a few officials noticed Clinton wasn’t using a .gov email address. However, he did not say when they noticed and if it raised any red flags. Earnest also brought up the notion that he would not be surprised if Obama learned about it from “newspapers.”

Obama senior adviser Valerie Jarret told Bloomberg News Friday morning she never received an email from Clinton’s private address and did not know if Obama or any other official did either.

According to Politico, the White House, State Department and Clinton’s personal office knew in August that the former secretary of state had used a private email to conduct official business. The State Department became aware while the agency was preparing a batch of 15,000 emails requested by House Republicans in the Benghazi investigation.

“State Department officials noticed that some of the 15,000 pages of documents included a personal email address for Clinton, and State and White House officials conferred on how to handle the revelation,” Politico wrote. “But those involved deferred to Clinton’s aides, and they decided not to respond.

It is unclear who at the White House did the conferring. Jamal Ware, spokesman for the Republican-led Select Committee on Benghazi, confirmed that he noticed Clinton was included on messages at the address hdr22@clintonemail.com when going through State Department documents in “late summer,” and then more on documents in February.

However, Ware told The Associated Press on Thursday that it wasn’t until Feb. 28, just days before the scandal broke, that the State Department acknowledged Clinton only used personal email while in office. After that, the committee, chaired by Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., announced it has subpoenaed all of Clinton’s emails relating to Benghazi – including any communications from her personal email and server, as well as texts, attachments and pictures.

The Associated Press earlier this week quoted an anonymous source saying the White House counsel's office was also not aware of Clinton's exclusive use of personal email during her tenure, and only found out as part of the congressional investigation.

Clinton has drawn criticism for using a private server during the four years she was a top official in Obama’s cabinet. Her use of personal emails has raised questions as to whether all important messages were secure and if they were turned over for congressional investigations and lawsuits.

She tried to dampen the growing controversy with a tweet Wednesday, saying she wanted the State Department to quickly release the emails during her time as secretary of state. But a senior State Department official told Reuters on Thursday the task would take time.

""The review is likely to take several months given the sheer volume of the document set,"" the official said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
807,McCain on Trump: 'Foolish' to ignore will of GOP voters,"(CNN) Sen. John McCain is chastising GOP leaders for failing to embrace Donald Trump as the choice of millions of voters, laying out his most extensive views to date about Trump at the top of the ticket. He's also repudiating some of the presumptive nominee's comments -- particularly about prisoners of war.

In a wide-ranging ""State of the Union"" interview in his campaign office in Phoenix, McCain criticized party leaders who are reluctant to back Trump, saying they are ""out of step"" with voters who have chosen the controversial businessman as the GOP standard-bearer. He defended Trump for being a strong and ""capable"" leader, particularly on foreign policy. He called on Trump to choose a running mate who could ""unite the party,"" possibly Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst, even as he strongly defended his 2008 choice of Sarah Palin.

But he also urged Trump to ""retract"" his criticisms of prisoners of war while blasting Trump's personal attacks during the primary campaign as off-putting.

""Frankly, I have never seen the personalization of a campaign like this one, where people's integrity and character are questioned,"" said McCain, the veteran senator of nearly 30 years and his party's 2008 presidential nominee. ""It bothers me a lot. Because you can almost violently disagree with an issue, but to attack their character and their integrity -- then those wounds take a long time to heal.""

Asked if Trump should continue calling Hillary Clinton ""corrupt Hillary,"" McCain said: ""Well, I wouldn't, but I'm not one to tell him how to campaign except on the part of uniting the party.""

McCain, 79, said he'd back the nominee since GOP voters have had their say.

""You have to draw the conclusion that there is some distance, if not a disconnect, between party leaders and members of Congress and the many voters who have selected Donald Trump to be the nominee of the party,"" McCain said when asked about the comments by House Speaker Paul Ryan and his close friend Sen. Lindsey Graham, both of whom have so far refused to back Trump.

""You have to listen to people that have chosen the nominee of our Republican Party,"" McCain said. ""I think it would be foolish to ignore them.""

At the same time, McCain would not commit to appearing on the same campaign stage as Trump, a tacit acknowledgment of the balancing act the Arizona senator needs to perform as he faces re-election this fall. He needs to court Trump backers in a state that the candidate handily won during the primary season, while also reaching out to independents, Latinos and women voters -- many of whom view the real estate mogul unfavorably.

""A lot of things would have to happen,"" McCain said when asked if he would stump with his party's nominee. He said there'd have to be a condition first: ""I think it's important for Donald Trump to express his appreciation for veterans, not John McCain, but veterans who were incarcerated as prisoners of war.""

McCain was referring to Trump's jaw-dropping comment last year on POWs, when he said, ""I like people that weren't captured.""

""I'd like to see him retract that statement. Not about me, but about the others,"" said McCain, who was captured and tortured by the North Vietnamese during the Vietnam War.

Asked if he'd like Trump to retract his statements that many undocumented Mexican immigrants are ""rapists"" and criminals, McCain was more circumspect.

""Oh, I don't know,"" McCain said. ""I think that it's important that we understand the importance of the Hispanic vote in America. Many states -- in Arizona, more than 50% of the kids in school are Hispanic. After the 2012 election, as you know, we laid out a blueprint and part of it was outreach to the Hispanic community. I think we ought to recognize that the Republican Party has to do that.""

Despite having a friendly relationship with Hillary Clinton when the two served together in the Senate, McCain was sharply critical of the likely Democratic nominee, saying she would run a feckless foreign policy in the mold of Barack Obama. Trump, he said, would provide a much stronger dose of American leadership around the world.

""Well, I think American leadership, he emphasizes that and I think that's important,"" McCain said when asked what specifically he likes about Trump's foreign policy platform. ""This president doesn't want to lead. Hillary Clinton was secretary of state for four years -- tell me one accomplishment that she can point to besides she flew more miles than any other secretary of state in history.""

As a leading defense hawk, McCain, the Senate Armed Services Chairman, said he wanted to use his influence to ""steer"" Trump and the party toward Ronald Reagan's view of national security.

Asked if he had confidence that Trump could be like Reagan, McCain said: ""I think that he could be a capable leader. I don't think anybody is -- no one could compare to Ronald Reagan, because he was the right man at the right time.""

Still, McCain is worried that Trump's toxicity among Latinos could hurt him in his tough re-election race, where he's expected to face Democratic Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick in the fall campaign.

""There is a Hispanic vote, which I have to continue my good relationship with because of the turmoil that exists in the whole national campaign,"" McCain said, adding that every incumbent has to recognize the ""great turmoil"" that exists partly because of Trump's rhetoric and hardline immigration positions.

Asked if the Trump effect was ""good or bad"" for him in the fall, McCain said: ""I don't think he affects it. I think that with 100% name ID people know me, but having said that, there is turmoil out there as we just discussed.""

Given his long service on Capitol Hill, McCain knows full well that being an incumbent is a vulnerability with the approval rating of Congress at rock-bottom.

""Anybody in this environment that would take a re-election in stride or for granted does not have an appreciation for the tumult that's out there amongst the electorate, and I'm confident of victory but to take anything for granted would be foolish.""",1
2202,Lessons from Obama's deal with Iran,"In April, President Obama announced the framework of a deal that he said would prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.

“We only have three options for addressing Iran’s nuclear program” -- cutting a deal with Iran, “starting another war in the Middle East” or “hope for the best.”

In deploying his favorite rhetorical device, the president reaffirmed to the world he only really saw one option: cutting a deal with Iran no matter the cost.

If after witnessing six years of President Obama’s weak and feckless foreign policy wasn’t enough to embolden the regime in Tehran, President Obama’s comments in April must have convinced the mullahs they had the American president right where they wanted him.

The price for President Obama’s penchant for negotiating from weakness is now clear. The deal announced with much fanfare by the White House two weeks ago comes nowhere close to the deal President Obama promised the American people he’d get.

Far from the promise of preventing “Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon,” the deal brokered by President Obama and Secretaries of State Hillary Clinton and John Kerry guarantees that the world’s foremost state sponsor of terror will be a nuclear threshold state in the next 15 years, but probably much sooner.

The details of the breadth and scope of President Obama’s capitulations to Tehran are startling, even by his standards. But most alarming of all is the realization that President Obama decided to elevate an evil and illegitimate third-rate autocracy.

In order to ensure that the damage done by President Obama can be repaired, we need to learn the lessons of his failures.

They began long before he reached the White House, when during his campaign for the presidency he announced his willingness to meet, without preconditions, with the leaders of Iran, Syria, Venezuela, Cuba and North Korea.

When American presidents speak, leaders around the world, both friends and foes, listen. And the listening begins long before the president is sworn into office. In addition, how candidates aspiring for the presidency now talk about Iran will send a clear signal to the world about their foreign policy vision. Our allies and adversaries alike want to know whether America will continue the retreat from the world begun by President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, or will America return to its indispensable leadership role in the world?

Making that case begins now, by making it clear to the American people and the world that this is President Obama’s deal with Iran, not America’s deal with Iran.

The next President must campaign for the office on the principle that has long guided American foreign policy toward Iran – that the regime cannot have mastery of dangerous nuclear technologies. Period.

The next president must re-impose the sanctions waived by President Obama and work with Congress to impose new crushing sanctions on Iran’s leaders for their ongoing support for terrorism and brutal human rights abuses.

This will require engagement with our European allies to lead them toward a different approach to Iran than the Obama-Clinton approach. Part of this reengagement must make it clear that European security does not benefit by empowering Iran’s terrorist proxies and missiles that can hit Europe’s cities. But the rest of the world also needs to realize that if Europe intends to pursue a strategy that empowers an unreformed Iran, America will put our security interests first.

The next president must give Iran a choice: change your behavior, or face the collapse of your economy due to U.S. pressure.  Despite its inflammatory rhetoric, Iran’s clerical dictatorship has immense vulnerabilities. Iran’s economy continues to suffer from inflation and unemployment while rampant corruption plagues the state at all levels.

A strategy of pressure will not just focus on Iran’s economy, but also its regional position. For Iran’s leaders to make painful concessions they have avoided thus far, they need to understand that there are consequences for their actions. The U.S. should undertake a systematic effort to isolate Iran in the Middle East. The Islamic Republic, its clients and proxies, should find no sanctuary in the region. The U.S. must do all it can to counter Iran’s nefarious plots in places like Iraq, Lebanon, Gaza, Syria or Yemen.

This will be advanced by shoring up our alliance with Israel. The first step will be an end to the threatening rhetoric from senior U.S. officials warning of Israeli isolation and dismissing Israeli government leaders “who know what they’re talking about.”

President Obama’s capitulation has made it more difficult, but not impossible, to prevent a nuclear Iran.  He has failed with Iran because he has failed as president.  This may be the best deal that a weak president can achieve, but a strong, trusted and respected America can do much better.

Those who aspire to lead the greatest nation on Earth cannot wait until 2017 to begin making the case for a new approach toward this critical issue to the American people, and the world.

Republican Marco Rubio represents Florida in the U.S. Senate. He is a member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation and was a candidate for the Republican nomination for president in 2016.",1
4876,Why early voting could favor Democrats in key states,"With early voting opening as early as next week in North Carolina, Democrats may get an initial leg up in the election.

A cyclist rides past a sign directing voters to a primary election voting station early, in Phoenix. Early voting kicks off next week in North Carolina, the first in a two-month run of voting through key swing states where non-whites and young adults could give one of the presidential campaigns a decisive advantage before Election Day.

Two months prior to Election Day, the first votes of the 2016 election will be cast next week in the battleground state of North Carolina.

With early votes expected to make up 50 to 75 percent of ballots cast in North Carolina and other key swing states, the next two months could prove even more critical than Nov. 8th in deciding who will be the 45th president of the United States.

The influence of early voting has been growing, and the major American political parties know it.

“This is going to change the dynamics in [battleground] states, so that you will expect to see early rallies timed when the early voting opens up likely in Florida, Ohio, North Carolina,” Prof. Paul Gronke, founder and director of the Early Voting Information Center and a professor at Reed College, told NPR. “The candidates travel schedule will reflect this because they want to follow up this kind of enthusiasm and get people to the polls right away.”

Historically, early voting has favored the Democrats in some key states, and in 2008 35 percent of votes are cast before the election according to the Associated Press. That's up from 22 percent in 2004.

In 2008, for example, Barack Obama won 58 percent of the pre-election day votes to Sen. John McCain's 40 percent and managed to win Colorado, Florida, Iowa and North Carolina even though on election day more people in those states voted for Senator McCain – which speaks to the overall enthusiasm young and minority American Democrats felt for Obama.

The 2012 presidential election saw a less dramatic divide between the Republicans and Democrats when it came to early voting. Mitt Romney pulled in more early Republican voters than the party usually sees, but the process still favored the Democrats with Obama ultimately winning the election.

The debate surrounding early voting splits down party lines. Democrats argue that restricting voting in any way is an attempt to limit the turnout of minority and low-income voters who tend to vote Democrat. Republicans say the restrictions are necessary to prevent voter fraud. Mr. Trump is particularly worried about the election being rigged and has asked individuals to monitor polls to ensure Democrats do not attempt to vote multiple times.

For Trump, the early voting challenge will be with Hispanic, black, and first-time voters who are more likely than white people to vote early, but tend to vote Democrat. Trump is lagging in the polls with these demographics now. Combined with the fact that Trump’s campaign organization is significantly behind Hillary Clinton’s in putting paid and volunteer workers into key swing states, and spreading the “get out and vote” message, Trump may struggle in early polls.

“A campaign with a superior voting operation can make a difference, and right now Donald Trump has shown little sign of organization,” Ryan Williams, a former senior staffer to Mitt Romney’s 2012 presidential campaign, told the Associated Press, adding that Trump only just hired a national field director.

Mrs. Clinton has been pushing for early voting since last June as a part of her voting rights platform, which includes repairing the Voting Rights Act and automatically registering voters when they turn 18, unless the opt out. She has strongly opposed attempts to limit the right to vote, such as the recently overturned voter ID law in North Carolina.

Some 37 states and the District of Columbia allow voters to cast ballots by mail or at polling sites before Nov. 8.

Early votes can also help reduce the logistical effort needed to get out the vote on Election Day.

“We can’t say this will be locked up with early voting, but it can absolutely make a huge difference,” Marlon Marshall, Clinton’s director of state campaigns and political engagement, told the Washington Post. “Every early voter we get is one less person we need to mobilize on Election Day.”

Some worry something critical could happen between when early voters cast their ballots and the official Election Day – and that could make them reconsider their choice. However, people who vote early are typically decidedly in one camp or the other.

“Early ballots will come in not much earlier than a week or a week and a half before the election and when we have asked people about whether they have any regret or they would have changed their minds, very few said they would change their minds,” Professor Gronke told NPR. “You may not want them to cast their ballots early but many are ready to do so.”",1
2530,Donald Trump to trek U.S.-Mexico border Thursday,"Washington (CNN) Donald Trump's colorful presidential campaign heads to the U.S.-Mexico border on Thursday, where the billionaire businessman is sure to expand on his controversial comments about immigrants.

He'll travel to Laredo, Texas, for a tour with U.S. border patrol agents.

The trip comes as Trump dominates the Republican presidential contest -- both in the polls and in the headlines. He sparked a fierce debate among Republicans last month when he referred broadly to Mexican immigrants as criminals and rapists . He angered many Republicans this weekend by questioning John McCain's status as a war hero. And on Tuesday, he escalated a verbal war with Lindsey Graham by releasing the South Carolina senator's cell phone number.

A chapter of the National Border Patrol Council, the agency's union, invited Trump earlier this month to tour one of the most active parts of the border with the agents who work there. Hector Garza, the president of the chapter, told CNN earlier this month that he wanted ""to give Donald Trump a state of the border"" and a ""boots on the ground perspective.""

Garza, a border patrol agent, said his invitation was not an endorsement of Trump's presidential run, saying that his group regularly invites politicians -- including previous tours with GOP Reps. Jason Chaffetz of Utah and Blake Farenthold of Texas.

He also invited Sen. Ted Cruz, who is also vying for the Republican presidential nomination, last month.

Garza said his organization's only goal is to encourage policies that will lead to a strong border and a safer environment for his fellow agents. The Laredo chapter is one of the largest in the country, Garza said, representing about 1,400 border patrol agents.

While he would not comment on Trump's controversial remarks about Mexican immigrants, Garza said agents posted near Laredo ""do see a lot of aliens with a criminal history,"" and said that while not all are criminals, a ""large number"" have criminal backgrounds.

Trump first told CNN he had been invited to the border by a group of border patrol agents during a phone interview two weeks ago. The visit will be Trump's fourth to the border, by his count.

""I'm the only one that speaks their language,"" he said.",1
1719,Rand Paul shreds Ted Cruz over his showboating antics: “He is pretty much done for”,"Rand Paul may very well already be on his way out of the Republican presidential campaign, but he’s going out with a bang, not a whimper, forcefully rebuking his Senate colleague and Republican presidential rival, Ted Cruz, for being the root of Senate dysfunction.

Paul told Fox News’ Brian Kilmeade that he believed Cruz’s petty politics and disregard for Senate decorum have made him an ineffective legislator, writing off the Texas freshman’s future in the senate: “He is pretty much done for”:

Ted has chosen to make this really personal and chosen to call people dishonest in leadership and call them names which really goes against the decorum and also against the rules of the senate, and as a consequence he can’t get anything done legislatively. He is pretty much done for and stifled and it’s really because of personal relationships, or lack of personal relationships, and it is a problem. I approach things a little different, I am still just as hardcore in saying what we are doing , I just chose not to call people liars on the Senate floor and it’s just a matter of different perspectives on how best to get to the end result.

In July, Cruz called Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, the effective leader of the Republican Party, a liar on the Senate floor. Days later, his Republican colleagues refused to grant him the 16 votes needed to pass a simple procedural vote as a public rebuke of his outburst. This week, McConnell got his revenge, denying (for now) Cruz the government shutdown over Planned Parenthood he so desperately wanted to prop up his presidential campaign. Of course, that didn’t stop the stunts from Cruz — he tried to offer up a “referendum” on McConnell’s leadership this week before being summarily shutdown by his fellow Republican senators.

Of course, Paul is mostly just backing up the senior senator from his home state of Kentucky, as he actually opposes the continuing resolution set to pass this week to keep the government operating for the time being. Paul, like Cruz, is in favor of defunding Planned Parenthood, even if that means shutting down the government over it. He just disagrees with Cruz’s tact: I would defund not only Planned Parenthood but hundreds and hundreds of regulations, hundreds and hundreds of wasteful programs. I would take them all out, put them on the table and say ‘You know what Democrats, it doesn’t take 60 votes to defund something, it’s actually going to take 60 votes to fund any of these programs,’ vote on them one at a time and we will see how many of these crazy programs get 60 votes. My guess would be very few, but that would take the courage to let the spending expire and start anew and let new programs all require 60 votes to pass Paul and Cruz would appear to be natural allies, with their Tea Party base of support and their libertarian bents, but since entering the Senate, the two have had markedly different styles. Cruz has been on a seemingly non-stop rant against the D.C. establishment while Paul has forged friendships and close political alliances with the party’s top leaders as he works double-time to keep his Senate seat while running for president.",1
1596,Donald Trump would ‘strongly consider’ closing some mosques in the United States,"In the wake of the terrorist attacks in Paris last week, Republican frontrunner Donald Trump said Monday that the United States must resume heavy surveillance of mosques. As president, Trump said, he would consider shutting down some mosques.

""I would hate to do it, but it's something that you're going to have to strongly consider because some of the ideas and some of the hatred -- the absolute hatred -- is coming from these areas,"" Trump said in an interview on ""Morning Joe.""

This isn't the first time Trump has said he's willing to consider closing down mosques, which some critics say would be a violation of the country's religious freedom protections. During an interview with Fox Business in late October, Trump said he was unsure if he would close mosques, but said, ""You’re going to have to certainly look at it.”

During the Monday interview on ""Morning Joe,"" co-host Mika Brzezinski asked Trump if closing down mosques would only incite more hatred.

""There's already hatred,"" Trump said. ""The hatred is incredible; it's embedded. It's embedded. The hatred is beyond belief. The hatred is greater than anybody understands. And it's already there. It's not like, what, you think that they think we're great people? It's already there. It's a very, very sad situation. And I know so many people, Muslims, who are such unbelievably great people, and they are being so badly tarnished by what's happening now. It's a shame.""

Trump said the United States needs to resume its surveillance of mosques, especially in New York City, where he says such surveillance has ceased. He said that has been ""a mistake.""

[Conservative suspicions of refugees grow in wake of Paris attacks]

""You're going to have watch and study the mosques because a lot of talk is going on at the mosques,"" Trump said ""And from what I heard, in the the old days -- meaning a while ago -- we had great surveillance going on in and around mosques in New York City. And I understand our mayor totally cut that out. He totally cut it out. And I don't know if you brought that up, and I'm not sure it's a fact, but I heard that under the old regime we had tremendous surveillance going on in and around the mosques of New York City and right now that has been totally cut out.""

At one point, host Joe Scarborough asked Trump if he agrees that only a small percentage of Muslims are violent radicals.

""Yes,"" Trump responded, ""but it's a tremendous amount of horror and damage and vitriol. I mean, if you look at what's happening... this is something that needs to be stopped. And we have to be very strong. We have to be vigilant, and we have to be intelligent.""",1
3563,FBI’s brazen terrorism lie: What the Boston Marathon bombing trial reveals about America’s deluded terror narrative,"Close to the end of the March 25 testimony in the Dzhokhar Tsarnaev trial for his role in the April 25, 2013 Boston Marathon bombing, the government submitted a series of exhibits with chats from the defendant. One described wanting  President Obama to win the Presidential election as the “lesser of two evils” but asserting “killing Muslims is the only promise [Obama or Mitt Romney] will fulfill.” One joked about sex even while discussing studying the Quran. Another described transferring from UMass Dartmouth (in reality, Dzhokhar was already failing out), joking about transferring to an Ivy League school, but ending by saying “I wanna bring justice for my people.” These were chats with no context, simply read by an FBI agent, without even any guidance about with whom Dzhokhar was chatting.

About the only one that made sense was one from December 25, 2012 that read “Doing something with Tamerlan,” Dzhokhar’s older brother who would go on to be killed in a police shoot out after the attack. “I’ll hit you up in a bit bro.”

But when the defense tried to introduce related chats, noting how religious Tamerlan had become and explaining that the older brother had influenced Dzhokhar so much he had been sober for a month, the witness said he wasn’t sure it was about Dzhokhar’s older brother.

It was just an example of the degree to which the prosecution in the marathon trial are cherry picking narrowly from the complex cultural world of Dzhokhar, a Chechen immigrant who grew up steeped in American culture in Cambridge, MA.

Twice, the prosecution got caught in efforts to cherry pick too narrowly. On Tuesday, terrorism consultant Matthew Levitt took the stand to “decode” the boat on which Dzhokhar had tried to “shed some light” on his and his brother’s actions, showing confidently how everything Dzhokhar wrote on the boat must have derived from propaganda he had read written by Anwar al-Awlaki, the Yemeni-American cleric whose work has continued to exercise influence years after the US killed him in a drone strike. But the defense got Levitt to admit that — along with not speaking Arabic — Levitt had only reviewed the Awlaki related materials from Dzhokhar’s computer, considering neither the Quran nor Chechen culture in his analysis. Levitt also admitted to being paid $450 an hour for analysis that consisted of connecting dots that came pre-selected for him from the prosecution.

Evidence submitted by the defense on March 31 revealed that Dzhokhar had spent more time at Pornhub, Craigslist, Manga sites, and free TV downloads than anything extremist (though that doesn’t account for what he was doing on Facebook or the Russian equivalent, VKontakte, the two sites where he spent most of his time). The defense also submitted evidence that suggests someone moved the Al Qaeda magazine Inspire to Dzhokhar’s computer the morning he left for Russia on January 21, 2012, which may have been an effort to clear it from Tamerlan’s computer before any border crossings where his computer might be searched.

On March 10, a different FBI Agent, Stephen Kimball, read and interpreted Dzhokhar’s tweets. “I shall die young” said one. “September 10th baby, you know what tomorrow is. Party at my house!” After he had presented Dzhokhar’s online life as if everything presaged jihad, defense attorney Miriam Conrad exposed how little he understood. A Russian rap song, a Comedy Central skit, a soccer team, all presented as something else. Kimball hadn’t even clicked through Dzhokhar’s links on some of the tweets, which would have made the source clear. Nor did he check pictures before he declared a picture of a mosque to be Mecca; according to the defense, it was actually Grozny, Chechnya’s capital. He had, until being called on it by the defense, simply been parroting a narrative written by the prosecution. And it’s not just Dzhokhar’s online life that has been reduced to one flat interpretation. The defense briefly pointed out that a hard drive belonging to Tamerlan included Russian bombing materials, in addition to Awlaki materials. That was excluded from the testimony. None of this has an impact on guilt or innocence. “It was him,” Dzhokhar’s lawyer Judy Clarke started her opening argument, admitting her client had laid a bomb at the race that maimed and killed horribly. Dzhokhar will surely spend the rest of his life in prison, if he’s not executed. And yet the government has gone to great lengths to tell a simplistic story of two brothers who read some online magazines by Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, made some bombs in the kitchen once used by their mother, and then killed three and injured hundreds at the marathon (this, in spite of the fact that the prosecution has presented ambiguous evidence about how the most lethal bombs used at the marathon were made). Dzhokhar — and in those moments when he gets mentioned anymore, Tamerlan — are presented as foreign terrorists responding to Arabic propaganda, not even Chechen ones, because that doesn’t fit the easy narrative the public is being presented. All those parts of Dzhokhar’s rap-listening, dope-smoking life that make him a quintessential American have been left unmentioned. Yet that American side to Dzhokhar committed this crime as surely as the propaganda written in Yemen did. Again, none of this will change the guilty verdict. What it will do, however, is sustain a fiction the FBI and the prosecution seem to want to preserve badly, that discovering terrorists, even retroactively, is a matter of simply decoding pre-selected dots rather than complex understanding. Discovering terrorists, in this flattened narrative, is about rooting out the foreign rather than discovering the terrorism that might be very much part of America.",1
1078,Ben Carson’s Camp Plots Vice Presidential Bid,"In sunny Palm Beach, Florida, the remaining brain trust of Carson's failed presidential bid will try to find a way to keep his political aspirations afloat.

Ben Carson’s campaign for president may be over. But his campaign for vice president is just beginning.

Just a week after the former neurosurgeon Donald Trump, The Daily Beast has learned that members of Carson’s brain trust have set up a meeting in Palm Beach, where Carson has a plush mansion, on March 29 to discuss plans for the future.

This Avengers-like crew includes Ben Carson Jr., Robert Dees (who joined the campaign as chairman before Carson dropped out), Ed Brookover (the most recent campaign manager), treasurer Logan Delaney and former senior adviser Mike Murray.

The agenda, according to multiple sources familiar with the plan, will include a discussion of what to do with the massive 700,000-person mailing list they’ve accrued, the PAC connected with the campaign (which has already been for Carson as a potential vice presidential pick), and possibly establishing a formalized speaking program for the doctor.

But the main focus of the meeting, sources familiar with the gathering told The Daily Beast, will be to put Carson in the best position to be offered the vice presidential spot by Trump should the mogul become the nominee.

Delaney and Dees did not respond to requests for comment from The Daily Beast. Shermichael Singleton, who is now handling media requests alongside longtime Carson ally Armstrong Williams, refused to answer any question as well. “Thank you for the email, but we’re not interested,” he simply responded.

Brookover joined the Trump campaign already, as announced in a press release from the campaign last Friday. The release said that he would be heading up a ""Delegate Selection Team.""

“I need to direct all inquires to Hope at Mr. Trump's campaign,” referencing Hope Hicks who is a spokesperson for the mogul’s camp.

This further melding between the Carson and Trump campaigns comes after former Carson campaign manager Barry Bennett joined Trump’s camp as an adviser earlier this year.

The news of this meeting arrives after Carson has made intimations that he was promised some sort of position in a potential Trump administration. However, it is unclear if the meeting itself will include any members of the current Trump campaign.

But no one, Carson included, has really been coy about the fact that he’s willing and able to ride this out to the end with the oompa loompa-hued frontrunner at his side.

After he ended his campaign at the Conservative Political Action Conference two weeks ago, Carson also announced that he would be heading up the My Faith Votes, which intends to mobilize Christian voters in the general election. According to the group’s website, Carson is their “National Honorary Chairman.”",1
2695,Reddit administrators accused of censorship,"Administrators at the popular online forum Reddit have been accused of censorship after quarantining a subreddit titled 'european.'

Subreddits, which are also known as communities, are forums dedicated to specific topics.

“The administration has decided to censor free speech for Europeans and they quarantined the subreddit on the 12th of May 2016,” says a note on the subreddit link. With the subreddit set to private, the note adds that “You must be a moderator or approved submitter to visit.” Visitors to the subreddit were also urged to continue their discussions on Voat, another online forum.

The question of bias in social media has erupted recently. The Reddit accusation came just days after anonymous allegations that contractors at Facebook deliberately suppressed conservative news on the site’s Trending Topics section. Facebook has denied any political bias, saying there is “no evidence” of the alleged activity.

Reddit told FoxNews.com that the 'european' subreddit violated the forum's content policy. ""Quarantines on Reddit are rare - there are thousands of vibrant conversations flourishing on the site every day,"" it explained, in an emailed statement. ""Subreddits are quarantined only when the content is clearly offensive to the broader Reddit community.""

Quarantining aims to prevent the content from being accidentally viewed by those who do not wish to do so.

""A subreddit is quarantined when there are concerns that its content is extreme and could be offensive to people outside of that community,"" explained Reddit. ""The quarantine process doesn’t end the conversation; it adds an opt-in measure so that people have the choice to join the conversation,"" it added.

Restrictions on a quarantined subreddit include requiring an explicit opt-in, requiring an account with a verified email address, no use of custom images and the removal of revenue generation.

Related: Reddit updates content policy, bans a 'handful' of groups that exist 'solely to annoy' others

The ‘european’ quarantining prompted a mixed reaction elsewhere on Reddit. Some users say that racist views were expressed on the subreddit, while others say that it hosted a range of opinions and cite the importance of open dialogue.

Reddit, which had over 277 million unique visitors last month, uses teams of volunteers to moderate subreddits.

The forum updated its content policy last year, consolidating multiple rules and policies into a single set of guidelines.

A blogger with an interest in numbers, who uses the name Curious Gnu, recently crunched a Reddit dataset of 4.6 million comments and noted that 78 percent of Reddit threads with over 1,000 comments mention Nazis or Hitler. The blogger found that around 2.6 percent of comments in the ‘european’ subreddit mentioned Nazis or Hitler. A slightly higher percentage of comments on the ‘AskHistorians’ subreddit mentioned Nazis or Hitler, with around 2.75 percent of comments on the ‘history’ subreddit referencing the topics.

Related: No censorship in Chinese Internet, says China's top censor

Reddit prohibits illegal content, spam, publication of someone’s private and confidential information, sexually suggestive content featuring minors and anything that incites harm or violence against an individual or group of people. Content that harasses, bullies, or abuses individuals or groups is also banned.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2152,The White House wants to cut methane emissions from oil and gas operations,"Over the last six years, the Obama administration has been trying to address global warming with a flurry of rules aimed at reducing US carbon-dioxide emissions. First there were stricter fuel-economy standards for cars and trucks. More recently, the EPA proposed sweeping carbon regulations for coal-fired power plants (known as the ""Clean Power Plan"").

The overarching goal was to cut US greenhouse-gas emissions 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020. That, the administration believed, would help advance global climate talks.

But all of Obama's moves so far have been insufficient to get to that 17 percent cut by 2020. As recent analyses from the Rhodium Group and the Clean Air Task Force have argued, the US also needs to reduce methane emissions dramatically to get there:

Carbon-dioxide is the biggest greenhouse gas responsible for global warming. But it's not the only one. There's also methane. The US burns a lot of methane — known as ""natural gas"" — for energy. But when methane leaks out of oil and gas wells or pipelines and into the atmosphere, it acts as a potent greenhouse gas. (The White House says it's 25 times as effective at trapping heat as carbon dioxide. Other scientists say 34 times.)

In 2012, the EPA estimated that methane accounted for roughly 8.7 percent of US greenhouse-gas emissions (though this may be an underestimate). But experts have warned that methane leaks could be poised to grow in the coming years.

Thanks to the fracking boom, US energy companies have been extracting more and more natural gas from shale formations. On one level, that's good news for climate change: utilities are now burning more natural gas for electricity instead of coal, which means lower carbon-dioxide emissions from power plants.

The problem is that all this new drilling increases the risk of methane leaking into the air — and those leaks are undermining the climate benefits of the gas boom.

In theory, it should be doable to plug these methane emissions, which can come from leaky pipelines or faulty drilling operations. Many companies already use infrared cameras to detect leaks and plug them. And they have financial incentives to do so — after all, these companies would rather capture that methane and sell it for money than just have it float off into the air.

Many oil and gas companies are already taking steps to detect and plug leaks

Still, the White House wants to make sure these leaks really get plugged. So, on Wednesday, it announced a goal of cutting methane emissions from oil and gas operations 45 percent below 2012 levels by 2025.

This would be done through a combination of guidelines for voluntary actions by the industry and a hodgepodge of new regulations crafted by the EPA and other agencies. Some rules would focus on methane leaks from new oil and gas wells. Others would focus on pipelines used to transport the natural gas. The Interior Department is updating standards for drilling on public lands.

The White House noted that the oil and gas industry has already managed to cut methane emissions 16 percent since 1990 through voluntary measures. ""Nevertheless,"" it added, ""emissions from the oil and gas sector are projected to rise more than 25 percent by 2025 without additional steps to lower them.""

Some environmental groups said the White House's plan didn't go far enough. For example, the EPA is currently only working on rules to reduce emissions at new oil and gas wells — and only much later will they work on rules for existing wells, which are by far the biggest source of emissions.

""While setting methane standards for the first time is an important step, failing to immediately regulate existing oil and gas equipment nationwide misses 90% of the methane pollution from the industry,"" Conrad Schneider of the Clean Air Task Force said in a statement.

Jayni Hein, policy director at the Institute for Policy Integrity at NYU School of Law, agreed: ""EPA's steps announced today would trim the sector's methane releases by about a third. We can and should go farther by regulating existing oil and natural gas sources.""

By contrast, many oil and gas companies don't want new regulations at all — they argue that the industry is already curbing methane leaks as is. ""Emissions will continue to fall as operators innovate and find new ways to capture and deliver more methane to consumers,"" said Jack Gerard, head of the American Petroleum Institute, in a statement. ""Existing EPA and state regulations are working. Another layer of burdensome requirements could actually slow down industry progress to reduce methane emissions.""

Meanwhile, it's worth noting that there are other sources of methane besides oil and gas. In 2012, according to the EPA, roughly 30 percent of methane in the United States came from natural-gas and petroleum operations (though, again, that may be an undercount).

Obama is relying on voluntary measures for methane in agriculture

-- By contrast, 36 percent of US.methane emissions came from agriculture. The beef and dairy industry is a major contributor here: when cows belch, they produce methane (known as ""enteric fermentation""). Other sources include decomposing cow manure, as well as methane from rice cultivation.

-- Another 18 percent came from landfills. When food and other trash decays in a landfill, the organisms that feed on that trash emit methane into the atmosphere.

The Obama administration has been working on steps to cut methane in these areas, too. Back in March, the EPA announced it would come up with standards to reduce methane from all future landfills. It will then solicit public comments on whether to regulate landfills that have already been built.

As for cow burps, however, the administration is relying on purely voluntary measures for now. In June 2014, the EPA unveiled a ""partnership"" with the dairy industry to speed up the adoption of methane digesters that turn cow dung into energy. The hope is to reduce methane emissions from the dairy sector 25 percent by 2020.

Further reading: Obama has promised to cut US emissions 17% by 2020. Is that still possible?",1
3029,A semi-radical plan to elect more moderates to Congress,"With ideological extremism on the rise in Congress, President Barack Obama argued during his State of the Union that America must reform its elections.

""If we want a better politics, it’s not enough to just change a congressman or a senator or even a president,"" Obama said. ""We have to change the system to reflect our better selves.""

Obama was less clear on how, exactly, America might pull this off. The president criticized gerrymandering — the process by which parties draw oddly shaped, highly partisan congressional districts — and called for campaign finance reform and repealing restrictions to voter access.

These reforms, however, have gone nowhere. In the meantime, the incentives have only increased for politicians to stake out maximalist positions, with little structural reward for moderates who anger their bases.

It raises the question: Does anybody out there have a better idea?

Anne Kim, a policy editor at Washington Monthly and a senior fellow at the Progressive Policy Institute, has proposed a new way to help fight polarization of Congress.

In an essay published in the winter 2016 issue of Democracy, Kim calls for the creation of one ""at-large"" congressional seat in every state, chosen by voters statewide.

We currently determine our House seats by slicing up a state's map into a bunch of different smaller segments, except for states with very small populations that only get one at-large representative. Under Kim's plan, every state with more than two representatives would get an ""at-large"" House member — someone who would be accountable to the whole state, rather than a narrow sliver of it.

Vox's Matthew Yglesias has already advanced the idea of using at-large districts to reduce polarization. These plans envision treating the representatives as one at-large group, to be doled out proportionately after a statewide vote.

Kim's proposal is more modest and perhaps more practical. By only asking for states to add one at-large seat, the plan preserves the benefits of the basic idea without requiring a wholesale transformation of how we conduct congressional elections.

Federal and state law would have to be changed to make it possible. But doing so, Kim says, would likely create several dozen House seats that are by definition not gerrymandered — and, as a result, are more responsive to the actual demands of their constituents.

""This seems like a simple and easy-to-understand mechanism to get moderate Americans a little more excited about a way for their voices to actually be heard,"" Kim says.

Voters across a state are significantly more moderate than those in a gerrymandered district. Having a bloc of House members picked through statewide elections, Kim says, would make it at least more likely that there's an institutional incentive for politicians to move to the center.

""The creation of new 'plurality-moderate' at-large seats in many states would increase the number of competitive seats while bolstering the odds for moderate candidates,"" Kim writes in her Democracy essay. ""Challenging the status quo might be an excellent and concrete opportunity to test moderate muscle.""

There's also precedent for these kinds of seats. Before 1967, at-large districts existed in southern states as a way to prevent African Americans from getting elected to Congress. But that doesn't mean they couldn't be brought back now to serve a new purpose, Kim says.

It would take an act of Congress — and thus a rare moment of bipartisan consensus — for the plan to be enacted.

But in our interview, Kim argued that her plan could help an embattled Republican leadership that wants to regain control of a nomination process increasingly ceded to hardcore conservatives.

""It's a way to defang the Tea Party. ... I'm not sure the GOP has gotten any favors by allowing that wing of the party to get as powerful as it has been,"" Kim says.

She added: ""If the GOP has learned anything about reasserting the power of the establishment, this is certainly the way to do it. Because it would give GOP moderates a voice.""

The idea sounds interesting, but it's unclear if at-large House members would reduce political polarization even if it were somehow implemented, according to experts interviewed for this story.

""I think most political scientists would tell you that this is a nonstarter. For one thing, we already have 50 at-large districts — states — and the Senate is just as polarized as the House,"" said Morris Fiorina, a political science professor at Stanford University who has done extensive research on polarization.

American politics is moving inexorably to the margins, and even in a statewide vote the candidate will have to win a primary, Fiorina noted. In other words, there's just not much reason to believe gerrymandering is the main culprit here.

""Single-member or at-large, safe district or competitive, the candidate has to win a primary dominated by the wingnuts,"" Fiorina said.

Matthew Dickinson, a professor of political science at Middlebury College, had a more measured response to the idea. He, too, noted that the Senate is highly polarized, and questioned the premise that gerrymandering was the key contributing factor to the rise of extremism in Congress.

""It's an interesting proposition,"" Dickinson said of Kim's proposal, ""but I suspect it will have less of an impact in reducing polarization than the author thinks.""

But Dickinson raised a possible counterargument to the counterargument. Yes, the Senate is very polarized. But is the Senate polarized at least in part because the House is?

Dickinson pointed to an academic paper from 2011 that argued this point, noting that many of the highly partisan senators of today began as highly partisan members of the House.

""The polarization in the House has directly contributed to polarization in the Senate,"" write Sean M. Theriault, of the University of Texas Austin, and David Rohde, of Duke University.

In addition, Kim, the author of the Democracy piece, also pushed back on the idea that the Senate and the House were equally driven by party factionalism.

""The Senate is polarized, but it's not nearly as polarized as the House,"" she said. ""The most extreme member of the Senate is not as extreme as the most extreme member of the House.""

Kim also acknowledged that the plan would not represent a ""silver bullet"" for the problem. But with Democrats and Republicans in Congress moving further apart than ever before, she said, it seems worth trying.",1
773,Here’s the Best Way to Stop Trump—and Save Republicans in the Senate and House,"We need a true conservative to run third party. Not to win. Just to save the GOP from total ruin. Suicide? No—it would be seen as heroic.

Conservatives and the Never Trump movement are discouraged and rightfully so. Despite 60 percent of Republicans voting against Donald Trump this primary season, he is now the presumptive GOP nominee. A plurality of the voters have essentially allowed a stranger in our house.

The problem of conservatives staying home on Election Day is something that needs to be reversed. If it is not, Republicans will likely lose not just the White House but their majority in the Senate. Their fight to hold it is an uphill battle already, but conservatives staying home would result in a Majority Leader Chuck Schumer. Already at risk are incumbents Kelly Ayotte, Mark Kirk, Ron Johnson, Rob Portman, Pat Toomey, Roy Blunt and John McCain, as well as the seat being vacated by Marco Rubio.

There are three ways to avoid conservatives being disenfranchised and not participating in November. First, the delegates at the Republican National Convention could stage some sort of coup that sees Trump lose the nomination. But this is not going to happen. Republicans are resigned to Trump as the nominee and delegates won’t rock the boat.

Next, Trump finds a way to connect with and energize those on the legions on the right that say they will not vote for him. His relationship with conservatives has always been tenuous. Trump has had more positions on conservative issues than there are in the Kama Sutra. From four different positions on abortion in less than four days to not being willing to raise the Social Security retirement age to even pushing for the individual mandate. He has said he hates Obamacare, but he wants to just replace it with a better version of it—of course, Trump says he will do so by making “great deals.”

Reconciliation is a long shot. It seems clear that the division within the Republican Party is vast and will not be repaired until, at the very earliest, after the election. Trump unifying the GOP is as likely as my going on a date with Jennifer Lawrence.

This leaves us with the third option: a viable third-party presidential candidate whom conservatives would be excited about. Were a Ben Sasse, Tom Coburn, James Mattis (who already declined once), even a Mitt Romney or other conservative would improve the odds for many Senate Republicans just by energizing the conservative base. Without this viable third-party candidate, House and Senate Republicans are going to lose.

Let’s not kid ourselves; we conservatives hold no illusion that a third-party candidate would be able to capture the 270 electoral votes required to win the presidency. The best this candidate could hope for would be no candidate hitting 270 and the election going to the House of Representatives, where skillful lobbying would secure the presidency. But the chances that the election turns to the House are minimal. We’re probably looking at President Hillary Clinton, and we know it.

Being the viable third-party presidential contender is a suicide mission of sorts. It is a form of self-sacrifice that demonstrates a willingness to endure the hardships of the campaign trail. Granted, it could also be argued that it is a sign of stupidity. From endless fundraisers and rubber chicken dinners to having every facet of your life picked apart by opponents and the press, it is not an enjoyable experience. In fact, it’s likely that what you will be remembered for will be some flaw that was exposed. Just ask Rick “Oops” Perry, “Lyin’ Ted” Cruz, John “Flip Flop” Kerry, Michael “Willie Horton” Dukakis, and numerous others.

If and when Trump loses in November, this third-party candidate would be scapegoated by Trump supporters as the reason that Trump lost. It would be pure fiction, as Trump will be the reason for his own loss. The misogyny, the xenophobia, the childish insults, the utter lack of actual policy and the paucity of understanding of the issues will be his downfall. Voters already know who Trump is and what he represents. Given the level of fanatical zeal with which Trump’s supporters attack opponents, especially online, this third-party candidate will face a vicious amount of backlash and harassment.

However, this candidate would be fondly remembered in conservative circles. After the general election, the Republican Party will begin to rebuild. The third-party candidate who ran to save vulnerable House and Senate Republicans would be an immediate leader whose voice would carry weight. On top of this, he or she would have endeared themself to these vulnerable Republicans whom they ran to save. Their campaign will have the benefit of being creating a lot of IOUs.

Conservative leaders have soul searching to do and conversations to have. They know that Donald Trump is imperiling Republican majorities in the House and Senate. They know that they need to coalesce behind a viable third-party candidate whose campaign would energize the depressed conservative base and ensure they vote to save vulnerable Republicans in November. They know that it is not too late to beat back the Trumpkins and give conservatives an energy boost that would have them out on the front lines fighting to save GOP candidates over the next six months.",1
1870,Here's Why All These Political Cattle Calls Matter,"Here's Why All These Political Cattle Calls Matter

Stop us if you've heard this one before — the vast field of GOP presidential hopefuls is gathering in a critical early state this weekend to give speeches, woo voters and court activists. That's what's been happening nearly every weekend since the beginning of the year, with Republican groups, influencers and politicians each hoping to attract top-tier candidates to their event.

With national Republicans trying to limit debates this year, the multifaceted events have become the new normal for both candidates and the media. On Saturday, both announced and likely GOP candidates will head to Iowa for the next one, where freshman GOP Sen. Joni Ernst will hold her inaugural ""Roast and Ride.""

So far, there have been at least a dozen different cattle calls since January. And if it feels like there's been a lot of cattle calls this year, maybe that's because there's a lot of cattle. For lesser-known candidates in such a crowded field, the different events offer a chance to try to and catch fire with often little investment or infrastructure needed.

""You have a megaphone from the inside out,"" said longtime Iowa GOP strategist Tim Albrecht. ""There's no other place these candidates can go where they will see 200 media confined to one location. That's potentially 200 stories they wouldn't have otherwise gotten. With these kinds of events, it's a very low bar to participate and to even be invited.""

And in Iowa – a state where GOP voters insist on meeting their candidates early and often – the guaranteed national attention has also been a boon for state and local Republicans.

""Everybody is a beneficiary of these events, whether it's the local county party, the state party the campaigns and the voters,"" Albrecht said, ""because this gives Iowans the opportunity to see these candidates and potential candidates on the same stage, back to back, to directly compare how each of them would handle a particular situation. These are a wonderful way for Iowans to gauge candidates on an Iowa stage who eventually want be on the world stage.""

To national observers, the cattle calls have become the new debates and a way for hopefuls, who haven't been getting as much attention, to boost their profile, so they can ultimately make it onto the debate stage later this year.

""A lot of the folks in the field not named [former Florida Gov.] Jeb Bush, [Wisconsin Gov.] Scott Walker, or [Florida Sen.] Marco Rubio, they don't have very high name ID,"" national GOP strategist Ford O'Connell said. ""That's why the cattle calls are taking on an added importance in the way we haven't seen before.""

The field will naturally be winnowed down after the first few states vote early next year. But until then, if candidates aren't able to get momentum before the debates, ""donors aren't going to open up their wallets,"" O'Connell said.

The burst of early events in 2015 helped some candidates jump to the head of the pack nationally. Albrecht pointed to Walker's breakout performance at the Iowa Freedom Summit this past January as one example. While he noted that Iowans had been wowed by his speeches already the previous year, the first major cattle call gave the Wisconsin governor the momentum he needed.

""There was serious buzz after that event,"" said Albrecht, a former top aide to Gov. Terry Branstad, R-Iowa. ""Scott Walker has real star power.""

He also pointed to former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina — who performed well at last month's Iowa Lincoln Day Dinner and had a big crowd outside her room — and former Texas Gov. Rick Perry — who needs a comeback after not living up to the hype in the state four years ago — as candidates who have shone at the events.

Both will be at Ernst's event this weekend — only Perry and Walker will be riding motorcycles along the GOP senator, though. Seven candidates will be in attendance, including Rubio, South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee.

Fiorina and Perry have yet to see much evidence of what activists say have been good performances. Both are still mired in single digits in both early state polls and national surveys, the latter of which will determine whether they make it onto the debate state during the first faceoff in August.

That makes their continued performance in such cattle calls all the more important along with building their political operations.

""Everything's been turned on its head, because of the capping of the debates and the calendar,"" O'Connell warned. ""You know if you're not on the first one or two debate stages, it's going to be hard to get past New Hampshire.""",1
299,More conservative Republicans say they won't back Boehner for speaker,"The fledgling rebellion against electing John Boehner to a third term as House speaker gained momentum over the weekend, as nine conservative Republicans declared they intend to vote against the Ohio Republican when the House convenes on Tuesday.

Among them, Reps. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, and Ted Yoho, R-Fla., also have announced they will challenge Boehner for the position.

""We lack a leadership and we lack vision of where the country's going,"" Yoho told Fox News on Monday. ""It's just not me feeling this.""

Yoho said he'll keep his hat in the ring, even after Gohmert announced his own bid on Sunday.

The odds of the effort unseating Boehner remain slim. Sending the election to a second ballot would require 28 votes against Boehner. No election of a speaker of the House has gone that far since 1923, when Frederick Gillette, R-Mass., won re-election on the ninth ballot. The vote is typically a formality and split along party lines.

Yoho said Monday, though, that reaching a second round is their goal and ""we fully anticipate to get there.""

The nine members who have declared their opposition to Boehner are Yoho and Gohmert, and Reps. Jim Bridenstine, R-Okla.; Paul Gosar, R-Ariz.; Steve King, R-Iowa; Dave Brat, R-Va.; Marlin Stutzman, R-Ind.; Water Jones, R-N.C.; and Thomas Massie, R-Ky.

""We have heard from a lot of Republicans that said, 'I would vote for somebody besides Speaker Boehner, but nobody will put their name out there,'"" Gohmert told ""Fox & Friends"" on Sunday morning, in announcing his own bid. ""That changed [Saturday] with Ted Yoho."" Gohmert also hinted that at least one other member would launch a challenge from within the GOP.

Bridenstine, who released a statement late Sunday referring to the rebels as a ""Gang of Nine,"" hinted that more of his colleagues would make their opposition to Boehner public, vowing ""Monday, we will be in double digits.""

Jones, the North Carolina congressman, told The Washington Times that as many as 18 conservatives will look to vote against Boehner.

A Boehner spokesman said Sunday that the speaker was selected in November as the House Republican Conference's choice and that ""he expects to be elected by the whole House this week.""

Though Republicans have built their majority under Boehner's leadership, most of the opposition to Boehner stems from the belief among some conservative members that he caved by agreeing last month to a $1.1 trillion federal spending bill, which averted another partial government shutdown. Those members believe Boehner did not do enough to punish President Obama for sidestepping Congress over immigration reform.

“After the November elections gave Republicans control of the Senate, voters made clear they wanted change,” Gohmert said. “We were hopeful our leaders got the voters’ message. However, after our speaker forced through the (spending bill) by passing it with Democratic votes and without time to read it, it seemed clear that we needed new leadership.""",1
381,Democrats are actually more enthusiastic than Republicans about trade,"Rank-and-file Democrats and independents are considerably more likely than Republicans to take a rosy view of foreign trade, and have been for several years, according to Gallup polling data.

This in tension with the impression you would get from reading articles about the congressional politics of Trade Promotion Authority, where the vast majority of opposition is coming from Democrats, with Republicans singing the virtues of free trade.

Part of the issue here is that Gallup is asking, in general, whether foreign trade is more of an opportunity for the US or more of a threat. The congressional debate is about a specific economic agreement, some of whose provisions are only loosely related to trade.

Another possible explanation is that trade is currently identified in the public's eye with Barack Obama, who has been heavily promoting the Trans-Pacific Partnership. But the timing on this doesn't quite work out — enthusiasm for trade among self-identified Republicans has been in a long-term decline since the early days of the Bush administration. It's perhaps related in some more generic sense to conservatives' greater nationalism.",1
2701,"Bill O'Reilly claims false, admits Fox News: Why that won't hurt him at Fox","Fox News admits that Bill O'Reilly didn't actually see 'guys gun down nuns in El Salvador' or witness any bombings in Northern Ireland. Why Fox News is unlikely to suspend Bill O'Reilly for his exaggerations.

Uber in court: Is it a digital service, or an unlicensed taxi company?

Uber in court: Is it a digital service, or an unlicensed taxi company?

Why are authorities slow to call the Ohio State attack 'terrorism'?

Political commentator Bill O'Reilly seen here in 2013 attending the National Geographic Channel's ""Killing Kennedy"" screening in Washington. The Fox News Channel host initially contested allegations that he embellished his past as a war correspondent.

""That's really what separates me from most of these other bloviators,"" Fox News host Bill O'Reilly once said before he found himself in the midst of a scandal about whether he's exaggerated the dangers of his past combat reporting, ""I bloviate, but I bloviate about stuff I’ve seen. They bloviate about stuff that they haven’t.”

It turns out O'Reilly is no different from the other bloviators.

In a statement quietly made to the Washington Post Friday, Fox News admitted that O'Reilly exaggerated about at least one of his reporting experiences, about seeing Irish terrorists bomb fellow citizens in Belfast. In a separate statement, O'Reilly adjusted his recounting of another reporting episode that was called into question, about seeing nuns murdered in El Salvador.

Left-leaning publication Mother Jones touched off the controversy last month when it questioned O'Reilly's statements regarding his role in the aftermath of the Falklands conflict and compared him with Brian Williams, who was recently suspended from NBC Nightly News for exaggerating his reporting. Since then, for nearly two weeks, O'Reilly has been on the defensive against claims that he, too, exaggerated past combat reporting experience.

Throughout, Fox News has dismissed the accusations as “nothing more than an orchestrated campaign by far left advocates.”

O'Reilly, in classic form, responded to the charges angrily, calling them “garbage” and the Mother Jones reporter a “liar” and a “guttersnipe.”

But it turns out there have been at least three instances in which O'Reilly's claims have been discredited.

First stop on the ""Bloviate-gate"" train: Northern Ireland, where O'Reilly claimed in his book ""Keep it Pithy,"" that he's ""seen soldiers gun down unarmed civilians in Latin America, Irish terrorists kill and maim their fellow citizens in Belfast with bombs.”

When the Washington Post pushed Fox News on the matter, a Fox News spokesman said Friday that O’Reilly was not an eyewitness to any bombings or injuries in Northern Ireland. Instead, he was shown photos of bombings by Protestant police officers.

""By that logic, we've all ""seen"" the ISIS beheadings first hand,"" pop culture site Complex cracked.

Next stop, El Salvador. On at least two separate occasions, O’Reilly claimed to have seen the murder of four American nuns in El Salvador.

“I’ve seen guys gun down nuns in El Salvador,” he said on his radio program in 2005. On his Fox News program, “The O’Reilly Factor,” he said in 2012, “I saw nuns get shot in the back of the head.”

The only problem? O’Reilly arrived in El Salvador months after the brutal killings and could not have witnessed them, liberal watchdog group Media Matters for America, reported.

O’Reilly responded in a statement to Mediate last week in which he was describing photos of the murdered nuns, not the crimes themselves.

“While in El Salvador, reporters were shown horrendous images of violence that were never broadcast, including depictions of nuns who were murdered,” he said in the statement.

Last stop, Florida. In his 2012 book, ""Killing Kennedy,"" O'Reilly claimed that he ""heard the shotgun blast that marked the suicide,"" of Lee Harvey Oswald's associate, George de Mohrenschildt in a house in Florida in 1977.

It turns out O'Reilly wasn't even in Florida when Mohrenschildt committed suicide, according to phone recordings CNN acquired.

According to the phone recording, O'Reilly called Gaeton Fonzi, an investigative reporter who was known for his work on JFK's assassination, and asked if he had heard any personal details about Mohrenschildt's suicide. ""I'm coming down there tomorrow,"" O'Reilly is heard saying to Fonzi. ""I'm coming to Florida.""

So what does this mean for Fox and O'Reilly?

Not much, probably.

As the Monitor's Peter Grier pointed out, ""he’s a political commentator, not a news anchor...Bloviation might be judged to be part of his job...That’s part of its appeal.""

What's more, O'Reilly is intensely popular and a cash cow for Fox News, so this shouldn't dent his reputation at the cable network, which thrives on controversy.

In fact, the scandal helped boost ""The O'Reilly Factor"" ratings: viewership has gone up 11 percent since it started.

In other words, regardless of the findings, O'Reilly and his bloviating aren't likely to disappear from Fox News anytime soon.

[Editor's note: The original story mistakenly indicated that Bill O'Reilly made his comments about what separates him from other bloviators during the current scandal. In fact, he made those remarks well before recent events.]",1
3995,Turkish PM says deadly attacks likely were suicide bombings,"Nearly simultaneous explosions targeted a Turkish peace rally Saturday in Ankara, killing at least 95 people and wounding hundreds in Turkey's deadliest attack in years — one that threatens to inflame the nation's ethnic tensions.

There was no immediate claim of responsibility but Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said there were ""strong signs"" that the two explosions — which struck 50 meters (yards) apart just after 10 a.m. — were suicide bombings. He suggested that Kurdish rebels or Islamic State group militants were to blame.

The two explosions occurred seconds apart outside the capital's main train station as hundreds of opposition supporters and Kurdish activists gathered for the peace rally organized by Turkey's public workers' union and other groups. The protesters planned to call for increased democracy in Turkey and an end to the renewed violence between Kurdish rebels and Turkish security forces.

The attacks Saturday came at a tense time for Turkey, a NATO member that borders war-torn Syria, hosts more refugees than any other nation in the world and has seen renewed fighting with Kurdish rebels that has left hundreds dead in the last few months.

Many people at the rally had been anticipating that the rebels of the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, would declare a temporary cease-fire — which it did hours after the bombing — to ensure that Turkey's Nov. 1 election would be held in a safe environment.

Television footage from Turkey's Dogan news agency showed a line of protesters Saturday near Ankara's train station, chanting and performing a traditional dance with their hands locked when a large explosion went off behind them. An Associated Press photographer saw several bodies covered with bloodied flags and banners that demonstrators had brought for the rally.

""There was a massacre in the middle of Ankara,"" said Lami Ozgen, head of the Confederation of Public Sector Trade Unions, or KESK.

The state-run Anadolu Agency said the attacks were carried out with TNT explosives fortified with metal ball-bearings.

Turkey's government late Saturday raised the death toll in the twin bomb blasts to 95 people killed, 248 wounded. It said 48 of the wounded were in serious condition — and a doctor's group said many of them had burns.

""This massacre targeting a pro-Kurdish but mostly Turkish crowd could flame ethnic tensions in Turkey,"" said Soner Cagaptay, an analyst at the Washington Institute.

Cagaptay said the attack could be the work of groups ""hoping to induce the PKK, or its more radical youth elements, to continue fighting Turkey,"" adding that the Islamic State group would benefit most from the full-blown Turkey-PKK conflict.

""(That) development could make ISIS a secondary concern in the eyes of many Turks to the PKK,"" Cagaptay said in emailed comments, using another acronym for IS militants.

Small anti-government protests broke out at the scene of the explosions and outside Ankara hospitals as Interior Minister Selami Altinok visited the wounded. Some demonstrators chanted ""Murderer Erdogan!"" — referring to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, whom many accuse of increasing tensions with Kurds to profit at the ballot box in November. Erdogan denies the accusations.

Later Saturday, thousands gathered near Istanbul's main square denouncing the attacks and also holding the government responsible.

The Turkish government imposed a temporary news blackout covering images that showed the moment of the blasts, gruesome or bloody pictures or ""images that create a feeling of panic."" A spokesman warned media organizations they could face a ""full blackout"" if they did not comply.

Many people reported being unable to access Twitter and other social media websites for several hours after the blasts. It was not clear if authorities had blocked access to the websites, but Turkey often does impose blackouts following attacks.

At a news conference, Davutoglu declared a three-day official mourning period for the blast victims and said Turkey had been warned about groups aiming to destabilize the country.

""For some time, we have been receiving intelligence information based from some (Kurdish rebel) and Daesh statements that certain suicide attackers would be sent to Turkey... and that through these attackers chaos would be created in Turkey,"" Davutoglu told reporters, using the IS group's Arabic acronym.

""The (Kurdish rebels) or Daesh could emerge (as culprits) of today's terror event,"" Davutoglu said, promising that those behind the attacks would be caught and punished.

Davutoglu said authorities had detained at least two suspected would-be suicide bombers in the past three days in Ankara and Istanbul.

Authorities had been on alert after Turkey agreed to take a more active role in the U.S.-led battle against the Islamic State group. Turkey opened up its bases to U.S. aircraft to launch air raids on the extremist group in Syria and carried out a limited number of strikes on the group itself. Russia has also entered the fray on behalf of the Syrian government recently, bombing sites in Syria and reportedly violating Turkish airspace a few times in the past week.

On a separate front, the fighting between Turkish forces and Kurdish rebels flared anew in July, killing at least 150 police and soldiers and hundreds of PKK rebels since then. Turkish jets have also carried out numerous deadly airstrikes on Kurdish rebel targets in northern Iraq.

Erdogan condemned Saturday's attacks, which he said targeted the country's unity, called for solidarity and canceled a planned visit Monday to Turkmenistan.

""The greatest and most meaningful response to this attack is the solidarity and determination we will show against it,"" Erdogan said.

Critics have accused Erdogan of re-igniting the fighting with the Kurds to seek electoral gains — hoping that the turmoil would rally voters back to the ruling Justice and Development Party, or AKP. Electoral gains by the country's pro-Kurdish party caused the AKP, founded by Erdogan, to lose its parliamentary majority in a June election after a decade of single-party rule.

The attacks Saturday, which even surpassed twin Al Qaeda-linked attacks in Istanbul in 2003 that killed some 60 people, also drew widespread condemnation from Turkey's allies.

Turkey's state-run news agency said President Obama called Erdogan to extend his condolences. The Anadolu Agency, citing unnamed officials, said Obama told Erdogan the United States would continue to side with Turkey in the fight against terrorism. It quoted Obama as saying the U.S. ""shared Turkey's grief.""

Erdogan earlier said the twin bombings aimed to destroy Turkey's ""peace and stability."" Anadolu said the two leaders agreed to talk more in the coming days.

German Chancellor Angela Merkel sent her condolences, calling the attacks ""particularly cowardly acts that were aimed directly at civil rights, democracy and peace.""

""It is an attempt at intimidation and an attempt to spread fear,"" she said. ""I am convinced that the Turkish government and all of Turkish society stands together at this time with a response of unity and democracy.""

NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said ""there can be no justification for such a horrendous attack on people marching for peace... All NATO allies stand united in the fight against the scourge of terrorism.""

Saturday was the third attack against meetings of Kurdish activists. In July, a suicide bombing blamed on the Islamic State group killed 33 peace activists, including many Kurds, in the town of Suruc near Turkey's border with Syria. Two people were killed in June in a bomb attack at the pro-Kurdish party's election rally.

""This attack (Saturday) resembles and is a continuation of the Diyarbakir and Suruc (attacks),"" said Selahattin Demirtas, leader of the Turkey's pro-Kurdish party. He held Erdogan and Davutoglu's government responsible for the latest attack, saying it was ""carried out by the state against the people.""

In the aftermath of the Ankara attack, the PKK declared a temporary cease-fire. A rebel statement said Saturday the group is halting hostilities to allow the Nov. 1 election to proceed safely. It said it would not launch attacks but would defend itself.

The government has said there would be no letup in its fight against the Kurdish rebels.

""Our operations (against the PKK) will continue until they lay down arms,"" Davutoglu said late Friday.",1
178,Immigration crackdown splits GOP,"Notable names include Ray Washburne (Commerce), a Dallas-based investor, is reported to be under consideration to lead the department.",1
1201,"After strong debate, Christie, Bush resume attack on Rubio","New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie roared into Sunday after a fierce debate performance hours earlier in which he slowed rising, fellow GOP presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio, with the New Hampshire primary ahead.

“He’s a good guy, but he’s just not ready to be president,” Christie told “Fox News Sunday,” after attacking Rubio for his inexperience in running government. “I felt justified because I’ve been saying this for a long time.”

Christie is one of three GOP candidates with governor experience competing with Rubio for the so-called “Republican establishment” vote and trying to stay alive in the race, with insurgents Donald Trump and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz also in the top tier.

“I am tested and prepared and ready,” said Christie, arguing that Barack Obama becoming president as a one-term senator, like Rubio, has been a disaster for the country.

“We don’t need another on-the-job training,” he said. “I’m glad the American people saw (Rubio’s debate performance) before they made another mistake.”

In response to Christie’s attacks at the ABC debate Saturday night in New Hampshire, Rubio, R-Fla., stumbled and repeated himself several times about Obama’s running the country.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who like Christie is banking on a good showing in independent-minded New Hampshire, dismissed the notion that he’s competing with Christie and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush for the establishment vote, despite having a career that includes 18 years in Congress.

“I am not an establishment candidate,” he told “Fox News Sunday.” “And I’m not an anti-establishment candidate.”

He cited his individual efforts to reform welfare and the Pentagon and repeated that his 2016 platform includes a “path to legalization” for illegal immigrants in the country, while also calling for the completion of a wall along the southern U.S. border.

He also dismissed the notion that New Hampshire is do-or-die for his campaign.

“All I have to do is finish well,” he said. “I have the best ground game.”

Bush, who like Rubio is from Florida, and was considered a mentor to the senator, on Sunday continued his efforts to move ahead of Rubio.

“The simple fact is, I’m a leader,” he told “Fox News Sunday.” “Marco Rubio is a gifted speaker. But we’re competing for president of the United States, not the back bench of the Senate.”

Trump was hit hard by Bush in the debate for his support of eminent domain, with Bush pointing out that Trump tried to take property for an ""elderly woman"" in Atlantic City for a casino parking lot.

""Shush,"" Trump said to Bush as he tried to respond to the attack.

Trump said several times Sunday that he thought he won the debate.

He also told Fox News that he has a “good team” in New Hampshire and called last week’s Iowa Caucuses, in which he lost to Cruz, “complicated.”

The billionaire businessman also suggested he would like to challenge Democratic presidential candidate Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in the general election.

Trump suggested that Sanders, a self-described Democratic socialist, is perhaps a “Communist.”",1
4439,UN agency food aid vouchers in Syrian crisis diverted and sold for cash,"EXCLUSIVE: A World Food Program initiative that handed out hundreds of millions of dollars of food vouchers has been confronted with ""persistent"" diversion and sale of the vouchers to middlemen for cash by the growing flood of Syrian refugees in neighboring Jordan and Lebanon, according to its internal auditors.

One reason for the diversion:  the agency  did not have systems in place to identify valid recipients, and its procedures were “not detailed enough to provide assurance that voucher transfers reached the correct beneficiaries in the correct amount,” the auditors have said.

The full extent of the desperation voucher sales was not made clear in the most recent audit document obtained by Fox News, which covered WFP operations from July 2013 to March 2014.

During the audited period,  however, spending on the Jordan and Lebanon voucher programs amounted to more than $230 million in 2013 alone-- nearly three-fourths of  the $317 million that WFP spent  that year on vouchers across the entire region affected by the Syrian conflict.

A WFP spokesman, declaring that the agency has taken steps to meet the problem, indicated to Fox News that the cash-outs were continuing  at a reduced rate.

The voucher issue is only one of a host of challenges that cloud the WFP relief effort in Syria and neighboring countries. One of the most glaring is that  much of the Syrian food distribution is  in the hands of charities and non-government organizations picked by the Syrian Arab Red Crescent, which is considered by many critics to be too close to the Assad regime, and WFP “was not involved in the assessment or selection of these charities,” according to the agency’s  auditors

Nor could WFP check consistently on how well those agencies were reporting: in all,  according to the recent internal audit, less than 40 percent of its distribution sites were visited  in 2014 by WFP or what auditors called a “third-party facilitator” who went where WFP staffers couldn’t.

Moreover, that “facilitator”  was not required to report on the results in the same way that WFP staffers do, including an assessment of the “impact” of WFP programs, meaning how well they actually worked.

CLICK HERE FOR THE AUDIT REPORT

Beyond all that is the brutal reality of Syria’s ongoing war:  as WFP spokesman told Fox News in response to questions about the food delivery audit, “insecurity and access continue to be WFP’s greatest challenge inside Syria.”

A big part of the problem is that the agency is still being handcuffed by the Assad regime in getting aid to hundreds of thousands of desperate people across the country.

The WFP spokesman cited a report by U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, which noted that between December 2014 and the end of February 2015, “719,000 people have been denied access [to U.N. relief convoys] or are waiting for approval by the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic at the national and governorate levels.”

The same report also noted that relief had managed to reach about 158,000 people during that period—roughly 18 percent of the total mentioned.

The fact that huge problems have arisen in making sure  food relief gets to the suffering  as planned are not exactly surprising  in  a relief operation as massive, chaotic and dangerous as  the one that the war is continuing to generate.

The U.N. overall has appealed for some $8.4 billion  to cover the relief effort this year for Syria and its neighbors—roughly the size of the annual U.N. peacekeeping budget—even as the brutal civil war continues calamity and additional waves of refugees.

Overall, some 12.2 million people are currently said by the U.N. to need humanitarian assistance, with 7.6 million of them Syrian internal refugees, and the remainder now living in surrounding countries.

At the same time donor fatigue may be setting in:  after the $8.4 billion appeal,  the U.N. claimed that some $3.8 billion in pledges had been received. However,  the U.N.-managed Financial Tracking Service (FTS) notes that so far, only some $1.5 billion has been received.

Specifically for its Syria response plan this year, WFP has so far received about $137 million, according to FTS—less than 20 percent of its $714 million announced requirements.

The huge size of the required effort also calls for extra caution in dealing  with the “high-risk” problems the WFP auditors have uncovered.  For its part, a WFP spokesman told Fox News that many of the issues detailed in the recent audit were under control—although how much was still not exactly clear.

When it came to checking on distribution efforts by charities it had not selected, the spokesman said,WFP continues to “as much as possible monitor distributions organized by all its partners throughout the country”—a sizeable caveat.

At the same time that the spokesman acknowledged that the Syrian Arab Red Cross, or SARC, “collaborates with other charities” outside WFP’s ambit to support food distributions,  he added that the Syrian organization “provides detailed reports to WFP” on the activities of the charities it works with.

The extent to which WFP can cross-check those reports, however, is part of the problem the auditors were noting. The spokesman also said that in 2014 WFP had carried out 76 percent of its planned 1,760 monitoring visits in 2014, “in a very unpredictable and volatile context” a significantly higher number than the auditors indicated.

The spokesman added, however, that much of this “significant achievement” was the result of the “third-party monitors” that auditors had said used different, and less discriminating, measures of the actual achievements of the aid deliveries.

This year, the spokesman said, “WFP is further enhancing its monitoring capacity”  by adding more WFP field monitors—and also more of the third-party monitors that auditors had criticized.

Likewise, the spokesman said, WFP voucher programs had been overhauled. The agency, he said, had purged an electronic voucher system in Lebanon, deactivating those deemed invalid, and declared that “encashment trends are decreasing” in both Lebanon and Jordan--without specifying by how much.

He also did not answer a Fox News question asking how many people  in Lebanon had received such electronic cards overall.

The spokesman also underlined one of WFP’s bigger new achievements: the launching of a school feeding program in Syria that he said currently reaches almost 112,000 children, along with 75,500 young children who get specialized nutrition support.

To put that in perspective, however, the U.N.’s 2015 Strategic Response Plan for Syria declares that “more than 5.6 million children” are in need of some kind of assistance, about  2.5 million children under age 5 need food aid, and some 370,000 need special nutritional help.

George Russell is editor-at-large of Fox News and can be found on Twitter:  @GeorgeRussell  or on Facebook.com/GeorgeRussell",1
4898,"Amid immigration questions, how will GOP Hispanics vote?","Most Latino voters intend to support Democrat Hillary Clinton, but the more traditional conservatives are split between Republican Donald Trump and Libertarian Gary Johnson, who is beginning to court their vote.

Protesters face off with a supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump outside the Phoenix Convention Center as the candidate gives a speech on immigration in Phoenix, Wednesday.

The last week of the presidential race has focused on immigration, culminating with a visit to Mexico by Republican nominee Donald Trump and a campaign rally in Phoenix.

Suggested solutions to illegal immigration and security have ranged from amnesty to border walls, but it has left most Hispanics supporting Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and tossed others afield.

""I'm going to flip, but not flop. I am no longer supporting Trump for president, but cannot with any conscience support Hillary [Clinton],"" Massey Villarreal of Houston told NBC Latino after Trump's Wednesday night speech.

Mrs. Clinton currently has the lion's share of support from the nation's Hispanics, with as much as 76 percent of the vote, according to a Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll in July.

Gary Johnson, former Republican governor of New Mexico and Libertarian candidate for president, aims to siphon off the rest. On Monday, his campaign hired Lionel Sosa, who has worked for multiple Republican presidential campaigns beginning with Ronald Reagan's, to coordinate his outreach to American Hispanics, The Wall Street Journal reported.

Mr. Sosa declared in a June op-ed in the San Antonio Express News, ""If my party winds up electing Donald Trump, I’ll have to bid farewell, hoping that one day soon, it comes to its senses.""

He expressed his affection for the traditional values of the Republican Party. ""Here's my quandary,"" he wrote. ""If my party's left me, where do I go?""

Sosa has gone to Mr. Johnson's campaign, and 16 percent of Hispanics have done the same, according to a Fox News Latino poll in August. Trump currently has 17 percent of the Latino vote, compared to Mitt Romney's 27 percent and former President George W. Bush's 44 percent.

""The appeal of Johnson is that there is part of the Latino electorate who don't trust either Clinton or Trump,"" Ariel Armony, a political scientist at the University of Pittsburgh specializing in Latino politics, told Fox News Latino.

In that sense, American Latinos are no different from the rest of the United States, as both Clinton and Trump have some of the lowest favorability ratings in recent political history. This mistrust is leading some Americans who otherwise support Republicans or Democrats to consider a third-party vote for the first time, The Christian Science Monitor reported.

Johnson, especially with the experience of Sosa, may also appeal specifically to some Latino voters looking for immigration solutions. His platform on immigration is, not surprisingly, Libertarian.

""We want immigration – we are a nation of immigrants,"" Johnson told a Saturday rally in Boston.

He described his immigration solution: a simple work visa program that would give immigrants a means to enter the country, receive a Social Security card so they can pay taxes, and go to work, often doing jobs most Americans don't want.

Johnson's is one of many ideas playing to a complex reality: Most Americans want some immigrants, but they want them to adapt to local culture, and many fear the current situation, the Monitor's Peter Grier wrote earlier this week.

But because immigration touches many Hispanics so personally, the question of how to solve it leaves many wondering where to go.",1
9,Planned Parenthood’s lobbying effort; pay raises for federal workers; and the future Fed rates,"PLANNED PARENTHOOD’S LOBBYING GETS AGGRESSIVE. Congress may have spent August away from Washington but Planned Parenthood’s campaign to convince lawmakers to protect the group’s funding followed them back to their home states. Power Post has more.

“Lawmakers will raise the stakes when Congress returns next week by threatening to defund the group through the federal appropriations process. Planned Parenthood’s counter-offensive is widespread and varied and is unfolding inside and outside the Beltway. The group has been organizing rallies, flooding lawmakers’ town hall meetings, commissioning polls, shelling out six figures for television ads and hiring forensics experts to try to discredit undercover video footage that sparked the controversy. The success of these lobbying efforts will be tested when Congress returns and must move a short-term spending bill to keep the government open. Some conservatives in both chambers are pushing to defund Planned Parenthood, even if a standoff with Democrats leads to a government shutdown.”

FEDERAL WORKERS EXPECTED TO GET A PAY HIKE IN JANUARY. The stalled appropriations process in Congress means uncertainty for federal agencies and their workers but the White House isn’t waiting around for lawmakers to decide the fate of federal worker pay. Federal Eye’s Eric Yoder reports that President Obama sent a letter on Friday detailing plans for a 1.3 percent pay raise for federal workers.

“It prevents what would be a much higher raise from being paid under the complex laws governing federal pay raises should no raise number be enacted into law by the end of the year. Congress could yet set a different figure, but the appropriations bills for 2016 so far have been silent on a raise. That continues a pattern that resulted in 1 percent raises being paid by default in January 2014 and 2015.”

RATE HIKE AT THE FED STILL LIKELY. Speculation has been rampant in recent months over when the Federal Reserve will increase U.S. interest rates and the Wall Street Journal reports that all signs still point to a rate increase this year.

“Inside the Fed, advocates for holding off a rate boost beyond this year aren’t getting much traction. In Jackson Hole, Minneapolis Fed President Narayana Kocherlakota was an isolated voice among officials for sustaining near-zero interest rates. He has lost his share of battles over policy, including the decision last October to end the Fed’s bond-buying program.”",1
3690,"Police Use Tear Gas, Arrest 9 During Protests In St. Louis","Police Use Tear Gas, Arrest 9 During Protests In St. Louis

Police used tear gas and arrested nine people during protests in St. Louis on Wednesday.

Demonstrators gathered after police shot and killed an 18-year-old they say pointed a gun at them. Police said protesters threw bottles and bricks at them, so they deployed armored vehicles and teams of officers in riot gear.

""The Rev. Renita Lamkin of St. Charles, who regularly attended protests in Ferguson, went to Page Avenue with several other clergy members Wednesday evening. She accused the police of engaging in an overly aggressive response. "" 'There has to be a better way, but the better way is not to terrorize an already terrorized community,' she said. 'How they deal with the situation is classist and dehumanizing. The people here don't matter as much to them.' ""Kayla Reed of the Organization for Black Struggle also said she believed officers were too aggressive toward a crowd 'that never was all that big.' She claimed officers gave no warning firing canisters of smoke and tear gas.""

Police defended their actions, saying they warned protesters that the gathering had been deemed an unlawful assembly.

As The Associated Press reports, officers were serving a warrant at a home in that neighborhood Wednesday afternoon. They encountered two suspects.

""The suspects were fleeing the home as [18-year-old Mansur] Ball-Bey, who was black, turned and pointed a handgun at the officers, who shot him,"" the AP says. Police say they found four guns and crack cocaine at the home.

""Police said a 33-year-old white officer with seven years on the force and a 29-year-old white officer with nearly seven years experience fired their weapons after Ball-Bey pointed his gun at them. ""A black male in his mid to late teens escaped and remains at large. Police said they recovered a 9-mm gun with 'an extended magazine' from Ball-Bey that had been reported as stolen in Rolla, Mo. They also recovered three other guns at the scene.""

Of course, these protests come at a time when tensions in the St. Louis area are running high. The last few weeks have been marked by events commemorating the shooting death of Michael Brown.

The protests and clashes with police extended through the night. One vacant house was set on fire and the Post-Dispatch says police have received reports of businesses being set on fire.",1
1075,Kasich’s Ohio Win Pushes G.O.P. Race Closer to Chaotic Convention,"Donald Trump expanded his commanding delegate lead Tuesday night by winning primary contests in Illinois, North Carolina and the winner-take-all state of Florida, prompting Senator Marco Rubio to suspend his campaign and bringing the Republican front-runner one step closer to securing the party’s nomination for president. While Trump lost the winner-take-all state of Ohio to the state’s governor, John Kasich, slowing his potential path to the White House, the billionaire developer remains the odds-on favorite to become the party’s standard-bearer in July, absent a convention-floor fight that could see G.O.P. leaders elevate Kasich or Ted Cruz in defiance of the Republican electorate.

Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton also cleaned up Tuesday, shaking off her surprise loss last week to rival Bernie Sanders in Michigan by winning Ohio, Florida, Illinois and North Carolina, delivering a much-needed jolt of momentum to her campaign. Sanders gave Clinton a run for her money in each state, picking up a share of the night’s delegates, but remains hundreds of delegates behind in the overall count—a gap that may prove insurmountable, especially if Sanders is unable to convince Clinton’s hundreds of superdelegates to switch sides. (As of 7:00 A.M., the Missouri presidential primaries both remained too close to call, with Trump and Clinton ahead by just 0.2 percent each.)

Despite Trump and Clinton’s dominating performances, Tuesday’s results all but guarantee that both races will continue until this summer, and, in the G.O.P.’s case, potentially after. Sanders controls a massive campaign war chest, as well as the proven ability to continue raising huge sums of money—the Vermont senator raised more than $5 million in the day following his victory in Michigan—and has indicated he is willing to spend big to win, all the way until the Democratic National Convention in July. On the Republican side, the window is closing to prevent Trump from reaching the 1,237 delegates needed to clinch the G.O.P. nomination, but party leaders have made no secret of their intentions to block him, no matter what. Even if Trump surpasses that threshold, establishment party figures have indicated they could change convention rules or even launch a conservative third-party challenge—a suicide mission, but one some Republicans see as a necessary corrective to the existential threat posed by Trump’s insurgent candidacy. Either way, Cruz and Kasich are likely to remain in the race for the long haul, ensuring a three-month slog to what is sure to be a chaotic convention in Cleveland.

In an election season defined by roiling anger toward Washington elites and economic policies that have contributing to a widening income gap, Kasich’s rousing victory in Ohio, and gee-whiz positivity, may be just a blip amid the wider revolt driving Donald Trump and, to a lesser extend, Bernie Sanders. Clinton has managed, with some success, to absorb that populist rage, running to the left by condemning Wall Street greed and turning against trade deals she previously supported. The Republican establishment, however, which long held together its unwieldy coalition of economic elites and working class whites by merging a pro-business platform with social conservatism, may not survive in its current form.

The astounding popularity of Trump, a nationalist with little ideology beyond his belief that he is the sole candidate capable of restoring American greatness, has exposed the lie at the heart of the party: the majority of the conservative base doesn’t care about small business principles. They just want someone who will keep immigrants out and tell it like it is. After all, the limited-government ideology preached by the G.O.P. may have made their lives worse. Whether or not Trump can secure the delegates he needs to lock up the Republican nomination—a feat that will require winning some 60 percent of all remaining delegates from here on out—the damage to the G.O.P. will have been done.",1
2179,‘We Caved’,"On a late July day this past summer, a roar filled the sky over Cairo. It was the sound of Barack Obama’s capitulation to a dictator.

Eight new American fighter jets, freshly delivered from Washington, swooped low over the city, F-16s flying in formation. As they banked hard over the city’s center, they trailed plumes of red, white and black smoke—the colors of the Egyptian flag.

For Egypt’s brutally repressive president, General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, the spectacle was a triumph, symbolizing not only his militaristic power at home, but also his victory over an American president who had tried to punish him before surrendering to the cold realities of geopolitics.

Just two years earlier, Sisi had seized power in a military coup, toppling Mohamed Morsi, the democratically elected successor to Hosni Mubarak, himself a strongman of 30 years pushed out in early 2011 by mass protests in Cairo’s Tahrir Square. In the summer of 2013, Sisi followed his coup with a brutal crackdown that would have done Saddam Hussein proud. His security forces arrested thousands of people, including much of his political opposition, and in one bloody day that summer, they gunned down some 1,000 pro-Morsi protesters (or more) who were staging peaceful sit-ins. The massacre was shocking even by the standards of Egypt’s long-dismal human rights record.

Obama was appalled. “We can’t return to business as usual,” he declared after the slaughter. “We have to be very careful about being seen as aiding and abetting actions that we think run contrary to our values and ideals.”

Several weeks later, Obama halted the planned delivery of U.S. military hardware to Cairo, including attack helicopters, Harpoon missiles and several F-16 fighter jets, as well as $260 million in cash transfers. He also cast doubt on the future of America’s $1.3 billion in annual military aid to Egypt—a subsidy on which Cairo depends heavily, and much more than the United States sends to any country in the world aside from Israel.

But a fierce internal debate soon broke out over whether and how to sanction Egypt further, a fight that many officials told me was one of the most agonizing of the Obama administration’s seven years, as the president’s most powerful advisers spent months engaged in what one called “trench warfare” against each other. It was an excruciating test of how to balance American values with its cold-blooded security interests in an age of terrorism. Some of Obama’s top White House aides, including his deputy national security adviser, Ben Rhodes, and the celebrated human rights champion Samantha Power, now U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, urged the president to link further military aid to clear progress by Sisi on human rights and democracy. But Secretary of State John Kerry, then-Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Hagel’s successor, Ash Carter, argued for restoring the aid. Trying to punish Sisi would have little effect on his behavior, they said, while alienating a bulwark against Islamic radicalism in an imploding Middle East. “Egypt was one of the most significant policy divides between the White House and the State Department and the Department of Defense,” says Matthew Spence, a former deputy assistant secretary of defense for Middle East policy.

For months, Obama tried to split the difference. In meetings and phone calls with the Egyptian ruler, by now paranoid and resentful about America’s intentions, Obama and Kerry urged Sisi to respect human rights, while also seeking his help in countering the the metastisizing Islamic State in nearby Syria and Iraq. Sisi did little of either.

In the end, Obama folded. This past March, he called Sisi once again, this time to explain that he would release the cash transfers and delayed hardware—including the F-16s—and end the administration’s threats to block the larger $1.3 billion annual aid package.

“We caved,” says a former senior administration official who participated in the debates.

In a long conversation recently, Rhodes, the speechwriter turned national security aide who has been with Obama from the beginning of his presidency, didn’t mince words when it came to the years-long internal battle over Egypt. “We’re in that sweet spot where everyone is pissed off at us,” Rhodes told me.

And not just about Egypt. The persistent problem of how to deal with American-allied strongmen has long tripped up a president who prefers pragmatic solutions to moral purity but has been unable to find much of either in the Middle East. While every U.S. president struggles to balance values like democracy and human rights with national security, Obama has struggled more than most because of the vast gap between his inspirational rhetoric and the compromises he has made with thuggish world leaders, especially—but by no means exclusively—in a Middle East where authoritarian heads of state from Riyadh to Cairo have cracked down with renewed vigor after the unsettling protests of the Arab Spring.

“The rhetoric got way ahead of the policymaking,” says Michael Posner, who served as Obama’s top State Department official for human rights and democracy in his first term. “It … raised expectations that everything was going to change.”

“He’s never quite melded his rhetoric with his policies,” says Dennis Ross, who served as Obama’s top Middle East aide in his first term. Adds Robert Ford, who was Obama’s ambassador to Syria before resigning in frustration over the president’s policy there: “It seems like we are swinging back to the idea that we must make a choice between supporting dictators or being safe.”

Their views were echoed in many of more than two dozen recent interviews with current and former administration officials, members of Congress, experts and activists—interviews that revealed a striking degree of frustration and disillusionment. Many Obama supporters started out believing that the president had grand ambitions for replacing George W. Bush’s militaristic posture with a more enlightened and progressive approach to the world before coming to believe they had misread a president who was not the idealistic internationalist they had thought he was.

In hindsight, it seems clear that Obama came to office far more focused on showing the world that the Bush era was over than on any coherent strategy of his own for advancing human rights or democracy.

But it didn’t seem that way at the time: Obama’s aides entered the White House full of plans for “dignity promotion”—a favorite phrase of Power’s meant to signal a contrast with Bush’s post-9/11 talk of “democracy promotion” and his second-term “Freedom Agenda” that many came to equate not with Bush’s lofty goal of “ending tyranny in our world” but with imposing Western values on countries like Iraq and Afghanistan at gunpoint.

",1
4478,"Newt Gingrich: If Hillary Clinton Runs In 2016, Republicans 'Incapable Of Competing'","Clinton certainly has the resume to be a strong presidential contender: two terms as the first lady during her husband's popular administration, eight years as a U.S. senator from New York and four as a widely-acclaimed secretary of state under President Barack Obama. Not to mention that she has already mounted a presidential bid once before, during the 2008 Democratic primary. With quite a following among Democrats -- particularly women -- and an expert campaigner as a husband, Clinton is one of the frontrunners for the 2016 nomination. In fact, if the Iowa caucuses were held today, a Public Policy Polling survey found she would win 58 percent of the vote, outstripping the runner-up, Vice President Joe Biden, by a margin of 41 percent. Now the question is whether or not Clinton will decide to throw her hat in the ring in 2016. After her term as secretary of state ends this year, she has declared her intention to take a year off from politics entirely. And after that? Clinton says that she does not want to run in 2016, but that hasn't quashed hopes to the contrary. -- Sarah Bufkin",1
4179,"Hillary supporters: We're excited, too, but also practical","Trump and Sanders get all the attention for their passionate support. But supporters at a Hillary Clinton rally are passionate, too – in their own way.

As yet another general joins Trump's team, what does the pick reveal?

Retired deputy sheriff Debbie Boyd wears her support for Hillary Clinton at a rally at the University of California, Riverside, on Wednesday.

The retired deputy sheriff wears a white straw hat on which a miniature Hillary Clinton doll sits, surrounded by flowers and little American flags. Red, white, and blue peace signs clatter around her neck, and “Hillary” stickers adorn her cheeks. She even carries around a picture-book biography of Mrs. Clinton that she hopes to get autographed.

“She sends a message to little girls about what it means to be a leader,” says Ms. Boyd, a mother of two, when asked what excites her about her candidate.

Few others standing in line for the Clinton rally at the University of California, Riverside on Tuesday wear their support as overtly as Boyd, a former Republican who switched parties to vote for Barack Obama in 2008. The orderly, almost quiet scene outside the venue seems to illustrate one of the most persistent criticisms leveled against Clinton: her lack of likability, expressed in part by a relative disinterest among her supporters.

And when placed beside the more outspoken advocates for Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders – some of whom came to the Tuesday rally to protest Clinton’s candidacy – or the outrage that marks followers of presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, Clinton voters do appear almost dispassionate.

But none of that means the former secretary of State fails to inspire, her supporters say. To them, the ability to excite and rile up a crowd is less important than experience, a sense of respect, and the skill to negotiate one’s way out of a problem. These voters say they choose to show their enthusiasm in less sensational ways, whether it’s donating to Clinton’s campaign or encouraging others to educate themselves and turn out to vote.

“I’m not looking for someone to entertain me,” says Boyd, as she squats on the grass to add tinsel to her “Hillary” poster. “I’m looking for someone to lead this country.”

Which isn’t to say passion doesn’t exist among Clinton supporters. Inside the Johnson Family Practice Center at UC-Riverside, a current of anticipation runs through the gathering – an intimate affair that is typical of Clinton’s rallies. When she at last appears just after 6 p.m., the crowd cheers, waving campaign-issued balloons and posters.

“We are very enthusiastic,” says Sebastiano Grasso, a local artist, dismissing any suggestion that Clinton is unable to galvanize her supporters. “We’re just not punching people, yelling at people.”

Others, like Carrie Lucas, say they show their enthusiasm with actions, not words. Ms. Lucas, a ballroom dancing instructor from Corona, Calif., says she donates to the Clinton campaign with every paycheck.

“I put my money where my mouth is,” she says.

Denise Davis, a school administrator at the University of Redlands, defends Clinton’s ability to move her constituency.

“If you’ve ever seen her live in person, she’s completely energizing,” Ms. Davis says, recalling how she managed to convince her mother to vote for Clinton over President Obama in the 2008 Democratic primaries. “She went to see Hillary speak and that’s what swayed her decision.”

But Davis's support for the former secretary of State goes beyond optics. To her, Clinton embodies progress that is earned over decades.

“She’s very much interested in progressive, social change, and she’s in a position to make that change happen,” Davis says. “She would be the first female president – that’s huge in itself. But she has the best ability to make change happen.

“That’s what fires me about her.”

Likability was not always a criterion for electability. Indeed, the Founding Fathers would “be horrified by the modern presidential campaign,” Slate’s John Dickerson noted in 2012.

“In their day,” he wrote, “no man worthy of the presidency would ever stoop to campaigning for it.”

Particularly since the advent of television, however, the charm factor has haunted many a losing candidate.

“There’s an assumption that the candidate you want to win is the candidate you prefer to” hang out with, says Jennifer Lawless, director of the Women and Politics Institute at American University’s School of Public Affairs in Washington. “It becomes a cue for whether [or not] you trust this person, whether they’ll understand people like you, whether they’ll have your interests at stake, whether they get what it’s like to be a real American living in this country right now. It’s all rolled up in this term called ‘likability.’ ”

“I don’t think Hillary Clinton … comes off as a warm and fuzzy person you want to hang out with after work,” she says.

And it shows, at least in the polls. As of mid-May, only 40.2 percent of Americans saw Clinton as a favorable candidate, according to the Huffington Post, which tracks data from more than 400 surveys nationwide. Mr. Trump is doing just worse, with 38.7 percent of voters viewing him as favorable in the same period. The figures represent some of the lowest favorability ratings for presidential candidates in American history.

For Clinton, the problem is that “it’s hard from the outside to think of any non-career or pre-career aspect to her life,” writes New York Times columnist David Brooks. “Except for a few grandma references, she presents herself as a résumé and policy brief.… It’s hard from the outside to have a sense of her as a person; she is a role.”

Yet the folks at the Clinton rally on Tuesday applaud her rational approach, saying they support her precisely because she is about her work and not her celebrity.

“She has done so much for this country,” says Earlene Freeman, a retired registered nurse, as she leans on her walker. “She will better represent the values that I have; she wants people to reach their potential.”

“And it’s time for a woman to be president,” she says.

Clinton’s younger supporters seem to be thinking along similar lines.

“Her approach is very analytical,” says Callie Scoggins, a senior at Redlands East Valley High School, about a half-hour drive from Riverside. “She won’t be quick to do something without considering the consequences.”

“What it comes down to,” adds Tyler Washington, a new graduate at Riverside, “is that the other candidates are like the tooth fairy or Santa Claus, offering magical rewards. Clinton is like the mom telling you to eat your vegetables.”

That may not make her likable, he says, but “those thinking with their brains understand what’s more important.”

“We don’t need a slogan,” adds Mr. Grasso, the artist. “We need solutions.”",1
3801,Report: Obama Administration Makes 'No Progress' On Drone Program Transparency,"The Obama administration has made ""virtually no progress"" to increase transparency and accountability for its lethal drone program, a new report has concluded, with only months left to spare before the White House hands control of the targeted killing apparatus to a successor.

The report by the nonpartisan Stimson Center said the administration is failing to release fundamental information about the program or to significantly overhaul it — even after a 2015 strike mistakenly left American contractor Warren Weinstein and Italian hostage Giovanni Lo Porto dead.

""We have seen relatively few successes,"" said Rachel Stohl, a researcher at the center. ""The administration has been unwilling to provide the number of strikes, even in aggregate; the number of civilian casualties that they estimate that have occurred because of those strikes; the legal justification, unless required by court order, that allows the program to continue; so even on the most basic levels, what is the program doing, we don't know.""

A bipartisan task force called on the White House nearly two years ago to reconsider its reliance on targeted killing of suspected terrorists, in part, because the strikes may be doing more harm than good by fomenting hatred overseas. But Stimson researchers said they've uncovered little evidence anything like that reorientation has happened.

A senior administration official told NPR the White House goes to ""extraordinary lengths"" to avoid civilian casualties.

The official added: ""Unlike our enemies, which deliberately and pointedly violate the law of armed conflict, the United States takes great care to adhere to the fundamental law of armed conflict principle of distinction, which requires that attacks be directed only against military objectives and that civilians and civilian objects not be the target of attack.""

At least nine nations now have weaponized drones, and four have used them, the report said. ""It's important that the United States establishes good policy and sets an international precedent that demonstrates leadership and responsibility and transparency over the program because other countries are going to follow the U.S. lead,"" Stohl said.

U.S. government officials have walked a fine line on the drone program, which is supposed to be secret. Former CIA and NSA Director Michael Hayden addressed the strikes in his new book and an opinion article in the New York Times Sunday, when he wrote: ""I think it fair to say that the targeted killing program has been the most precise and effective application of firepower in the history of armed conflict.""

Days earlier, lawyers for the Obama administration appeared in an appeals court in Washington, D.C., to fight a demand by the American Civil Liberties Union for legal justifications and ""summary strike data,"" including the numbers and identities of people killed by weaponized drones.

Jameel Jaffer, deputy legal director of the ACLU, said the administration can't have it both ways.

""The law of the drone campaign should not be a secret, nor should the CIA be permitted to withhold basic information that would allow the public to understand the implications of the government's policies,"" Jaffer said. ""This is particularly the case since so many senior officials have spoken so freely about drone strikes.""",1
6,"Despite Constant Debate, Americans' Abortion Opinions Rarely Change","It's been a big week for abortion news.

Carly Fiorina's passionate (if inaccurate) depiction of a Planned Parenthood sting video was one of the most memorable moments of last week's GOP debate. And the House of Representatives on Friday passed two abortion-related bills — one aimed at cutting federal funds to Planned Parenthood, the other at punishing doctors who fail to provide medical care to infants that survive abortion attempts.

Given all this, you could be forgiven for thinking there's been a public-opinion shift against abortion rights in the U.S.

Abortion is one of those rare issues in which public opinion never seems to budge all that much. Americans are still more or less where they were on whether they think it should be legal as in 1975, just after the Supreme Court's Roe v. Wade decision. That is, with the largest share of Americans somewhere in the murky middle.

According to Gallup data, by 29 percent to 19 percent, Americans think it should be legal in all circumstances. But a majority — 51 percent — say it should be legal in only certain circumstances — in cases of rape, incest or where the mother's life is threatened, for example. That number has barely changed in 40 years.

Those kinds of data stand in stark contrast to what's available about other social issues. Consider same-sex marriage, for example, where public opinion has swung dramatically toward legalization in the past decade.

Or take the death penalty — upticks in crime and opposition to government spending are two factors that have driven Americans' opinions on this topic back and forth over the years.

Abortion isn't like that. Strong majorities have consistently opposed overturning Roe since 1989, today by nearly 2 to 1.

That's perhaps even more surprising when considering what's happened over the past 40 years: a patchwork of state laws passed to define very specific restrictions on abortion, a decline in teen pregnancy, and increasing political polarization. All of that has apparently neither caused nor been the result of big shifts in national public opinion on abortion.

So what's going on?

It might have to do with another fact about public opinion on abortion — it's a topic for which the realities are anything but black and white, which is exactly how the arguments are all too often framed in the political arena.

A majority of Americans support legal abortion in the first trimester of pregnancy. But a majority also oppose it in the second and third trimesters. Most support it in cases of rape or incest, but most oppose it if the mother simply can't afford another child.

Those opinions get much messier when you dive deeper into the research.

""Not only is opinion remarkably stable ... it is deeply contradictory,"" said Karlyn Bowman, who studies public opinion at the right-leaning American Enterprise Institute. When people are asked, "" 'Is it murder?' people say yes,"" Bowman said. But if asked, "" 'Should it be a personal choice between a woman and her doctor?' a large majority say yes.""

In one poll from the Public Religion Research Institute, 43 percent of Americans identified as both ""pro-life"" and ""pro-choice."" Those labels are their own source of uncertainty.

Since the mid-1990s, the share of people who consider themselves ""pro-choice"" (by Gallup's count) has fallen moderately — even while opinions on abortion circumstances have held steady. (Still, a majority — 50 percent — consider themselves ""pro-choice,"" while 44 percent say they are ""pro-life."")

These contradictions may be why public opinion holds so steady.

""When that [contradiction] happens on a public policy issue, when there are deep contradictions, most people pull away from an issue,"" Bowman said. ""They don't see any reason to resolve the tensions in their opinions. So that leaves the topic up to the pro-life and the pro-choice activists. And those groups don't really represent most people.""

Why Planned Parenthood is the focus

So if most Americans don't firmly oppose abortion, one might say it's foolhardy for Republicans, like this week's GOP debate participants, to stake such firm anti-abortion stances.

But abortion is an issue that fires up the bases of both parties. It's one of the top issues used by Republicans and Democrats to motivate, fundraise and organize.

What's more, though, the latest abortion fight isn't focused on the larger issue of abortion itself. It's been about Planned Parenthood. And recent surveys suggest that public opinion on the organization is more malleable than opinion on the topic of abortion.

Today, a plurality of Americans — 37 percent — view Planned Parenthood favorably, according to a recent Monmouth poll (with a margin of error of plus or minus 2.8 percentage points). But just three years ago, the same poll found that far more people — 55 percent — viewed the organization favorably.

It's just one survey, but it suggests that making the abortion debate about Planned Parenthood (and taxpayer money) may be a more successful tactic for the GOP than trying to pass laws restricting abortion itself.

Of course, that doesn't mean a shutdown over the issue would be a good idea for the GOP. The Republican Party's favorability rating fell sharply during the October 2013 partial government shutdown — making it one area where public opinion does tell a clear story.",1
4362,Congressional Republicans are outraged that the EPA wants to protect our drinking water,"And the agency was ready for the critics. “The only people with reason to oppose the rule,” White House Senior Advisor Brian Deese told reporters on a press call Wednesday, “are polluters who knowingly threaten our clean water.”

So who are those willful polluters? Congressional Republicans, along with a select group of Democrats from farm and energy-heavy states, who are already pushing legislation aimed at crippling the rule in both Houses. They’re characterizing it, as they do most EPA regulations, as a “power grab” and an overreach, and are vowing to destroy it the same way, presumably, they want to be allowed to destroy waterways.

House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) summed up the overwrought sentiment nicely in his reaction to the rule’s release. “The administration’s decree to unilaterally expand federal authority is a raw and tyrannical power grab that will crush jobs,” he said. “These leaders know firsthand that the rule is being shoved down the throats of hardworking people with no input, and places landowners, small businesses, farmers, and manufacturers on the road to a regulatory and economic hell.”

Sen. Deb Fischer (R-Neb.), who is sponsoring a bill with Sens. John Barrasso (R-Wyo.) and James Inhofe (R-Okla.) that would overturn the rule, called it “reckless and unwarranted” in a statement, and vowed to “work tirelessly to stop this expansion of federal control.”

EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, in announcing the rule this morning, in fact pointed out that the agency has received over one million public comments on the rule since it was proposed last year. And it was based, she emphasized, on the best available peer-reviewed science.

McCarthy also took care to stress that the rule has been changed from the proposed version to clarify that it does not apply to ditches or groundwater, and that agriculture will continue to be exempted. The rule “does not interfere with private property rights or address land use,” she elaborated. “It does not regulate any ditches unless they function as tributaries. It does not apply to groundwater or shallow subsurface water, copper tile drains or change policy on irrigation or water transfer.” “Farmers, ranchers, and foresters are all original conservationists, and we recognize that,” McCarthy said. Farmers are nonetheless some of the strongest opponents of the rule, along with other business interests New York Times identifies as “property developers, fertilizer and pesticide makers, oil and gas producers and a national association of golf course owners” — again, polluters that, under the status quo, are getting away with it. Those in favor of the rule, on the other hand? Aside from the usual groups interested in protecting the environment, which are all pretty thrilled, it’s backed, per one poll, by 80 percent of voters and, per McCarthy, 80 percent of small business owners. Craft breweries are also big fans: “Beer is about 90 percent water, making local water supply quality and its characteristics, such as pH and mineral content, critical to brewing,” a coalition of beer companies wrote to the EPA in 2014. President Obama, too, stood up for the rule Wednesday, asserting in a statement that it  “will provide the clarity and certainty businesses and industry need about which waters are protected by the Clean Water Act, and it will ensure polluters who knowingly threaten our waters can be held accountable.”",1
1193,CNN basically ignored Ben Carson at Thursday’s debate. And that’s just fine.,"Ben Carson’s debate night in Houston can be summarized in one line: “Can somebody attack me, please?”

Okay, his “fruit salad” line was pretty good, too, but it was his plea for negative attention that perfectly captured his irrelevance. He was so desperate for a chance to speak that he figured a verbal assault from one of his opponents — which, by rule, would entitle him to a response — might be the only way he’d get to talk.

CNN, which broadcast the debate and supplied the moderator, Wolf Blitzer, didn’t even pretend that the retired neurosurgeon is still a factor in the Republican presidential nominating contest. Carson received just six questions in more than two hours and got only 11 minutes and 10 seconds of speaking time — roughly half the allotment of Ted Cruz and about a third of Donald Trump’s share, according to a tally by Politico.

[Why is Ben Carson still running for president?]

Managing talk time is always difficult, especially in a debate as fractious as Thursday’s. Trump, Cruz and Marco Rubio bickered, interrupted and shouted over one another constantly. But it’s philosophically challenging, too: Should a moderator try to grant equal time to every candidate or focus more heavily on the leaders?

It depends. In November, when I interviewed Fox Business Network anchors Neil Cavuto and Maria Bartiromo before they moderated a GOP debate featuring eight candidates, they acknowledged some imbalance is inevitable but said they would attempt to dole out time more or less evenly.

Their efforts made sense at that stage of the race — three months before the start of primary balloting, a point where polls aren’t very good predictors. On the day of that debate (Nov. 10), Trump and Carson were in a virtual tie atop the Republican field, according to the Real Clear Politics national average.

Carson, of course, has plummeted since then; it was just too early for moderators to judge who was or was not legit and to hand out speaking time accordingly.

But by now, it’s very clear that Carson has no shot to be the Republican nominee. While each of the other remaining candidates has managed to finish second or better in at least one of the first four primary states, Carson hasn’t placed higher than fourth. Those are real results — not polls. He hasn’t done well in the Midwest, Northeast, South or West. He has a very small constituency that is sticking by him, but there is zero reason to believe he's got a shot.

It’s hard to understand why he’s still in the race, in fact.

Debate moderators should be slow to dismiss candidates, allowing for the possibility of an improbable comeback. Perhaps that’s why John Kasich, whose own viability is in serious doubt, got almost exactly as much speaking time as Rubio.

But Carson is so far out of the running that it would have been difficult to justify giving him much air. This was the last debate before Super Tuesday. The purpose was to help voters in the upcoming states — and elsewhere — choose among the candidates who could actually represent the Republican Party in the general election.

Carson just isn’t one of them. And every minute devoted to him was a minute deducted from a real contender. This kind of thing is a judgment call, and CNN got the judgment right.",1
4363,Is US now a climate change leader? How Obama's new plan measures up.,"The climate change plan announced by the Obama administration Monday is not as aggressive as plans by some other countries. But it suggests the US is serious about the issue and gives the country new credibility in climate talks.

As yet another general joins Trump's team, what does the pick reveal?

President Obama speaks about his Clean Power Plan in the East Room of the White House in Washington on Monday The president is mandating even steeper greenhouse gas cuts from US power plants than previously expected, while granting states more time and broader options to comply.

The Obama administration's new rules to reduce carbon-dioxide emissions from existing power plants have helped propel the United States to a leadership role in international efforts to curb global warming, some analysts suggest.

Monday's announcement of President Obama’s Clean Power Plan is being seen as a significant step forward for the US and for the international process.

""This is a case of leading by example,"" says Elliot Diringer, executive vice president of the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions, a climate- and energy-policy think tank in Arlington, Va. ""The rest of the world has been waiting a long time for the US to demonstrate the kind of leadership we're seeing now.""

The plan adds to the US's diplomatic credibility on climate, adds Andrew Deutz, director of international government relations for The Nature Conservancy. And that is as significant as the emissions goals, he suggests.

But how strict are the emissions goals themselves? Is the US on the verge of becoming a world leader in cutting carbon emissions?

There’s no easy way to compare the climate efforts of different nations, specialists say, because negotiators working on a Paris treaty are taking a ""pledge and review"" approach. Each country chooses its own targets, based on a range of factors.

The Clean Power Plan aims to cut CO2 emissions from existing power plants to 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030. It is part of a broader Obama administration plan to cut carbon emissions economy-wide. The goal for that broader plan is to reduce all CO2 emissions to between 26 and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.

The European Union, by contrast, aims to cut emissions 40 percent below 1990 levels – a more-aggressive target – by 2030. Some European countries not in the EU, such as Norway and Iceland, aim to at least match the EU targets. Switzerland aims for 50 percent cuts.

Meanwhile, China, Canada, New Zealand, Japan, and Singapore are using 2005 as the base year for their targets, like the US. Canada, New Zealand, and Japan have proposed emissions cuts of 25 to 30 percent by 2030. China and Singapore have pledged to significantly reduce their carbon intensity – the amount of carbon produced per unit of gross domestic product. Their goal is to see that their emissions peak by 2030.

Still others, such as Mexico, South Korea, Ethiopia, and Morocco, have set another, even softer baseline, offering to cut emissions between 32 and 64 percent, compared with what their emissions might have been in 2030 if emissions followed a ""business as usual"" path.

Of particular interest are India, Indonesia, Brazil, and South Africa, which have yet to submit plans, notes David Waskow, who heads the international climate initiative at the World Resources Institute in Washington. Along with China, these countries fall into a category of newly industrialized nations whose economic aspirations could lead to troubling emissions paths.

""People have tried to devise all sorts of formulas to suggest what an equitable distribution of effort would be,"" says Mr. Diringer. So far, none has stuck.

Still, Monday's announcement gives the US fresh credibility in dealing with climate change. This new credibility first emerged last November, says Mr. Deutz, when Mr. Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping jointly announced their national offerings toward a new global climate pact during a summit in Beijing. For its part, China committed to capping emissions by 2030, with renewable energy sources accounting for 20 percent of the country's generating capacity. The country also would reduce its carbon intensity by 60 to 65 percent by 2030.

""That did a couple of things,"" Deutz says. ""It put the US out there with a significant, credible target. It demonstrated that China was prepared to commit to an international target as well. And the fact that the US and China were moving together helped to unlock the negotiating space.""

That played out in interesting ways a month later at global climate talks in Lima, Peru.

""Suddenly the US became a credible, positive force in the negotiations, getting a lot more respect than it had previously,"" he says. ""It also meant that some countries that were hiding behind the US couldn't do that, and they were exposed.""

Now, with the Clean Power Plan, which covers a sector of the economy responsible for 31 percent of the country's carbon emissions, the White House has added meat to the bones of its broader, international offering, Mr. Diringer says.

How all this plays out in Paris remains to be seen. Counting EU countries as a single entity, so far 22 countries have proposed their individual contributions to a new treaty. Taken together, these represent 56 percent of global emissions. But the commitments fall far short of what it would take to put the world on track to meet its current global-warming objective – holding global warming to 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit by 2100.

Many developing countries view as inadequate the emissions plans industrial countries have offered so far. Other difficult issues that don't involve emissions targets also remain to be solved.

And even with a fully operational Clean Power Plan, a new administration faces a lot of work to achieve the overall emissions reductions Obama has put forward to the Paris meeting of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, notes Alden Meyer, director of strategy and policy for the Union of Concerned Scientists in Washington.

Still, the Clean Power Plan represents ""a very important step"" in fulfilling the US's commitment, Mr. Meyer says. ""Given the history at the state level with things like renewable-electricity standards and energy efficiency programs, we think it's quite likely that the US could overachieve the standard"" in the Clean Power Plan.",1
3776,Is Campus Rape Really An Epidemic?,"A documentary about campus rape contains the damning stories of many victims. But what about the alleged perpetrators?

Of course, the next four years will see considerably more crying over peer pressure, soured romances, less-than-excellent grades, and horrible cafeteria food. But the dangers sketched in this documentary facing young women on campus are far graver than the ordinary stuff of growing pains—they revolve around sexual assault.

The stories in the documentary are brutally evocative. “Two of us were sexually assaulted before classes had even started,” says Annie Clark, a former student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. “You just stay there, and you hope you don’t die,” says Andrea Pino, another former UNC student, of being raped during her sophomore year at a fraternity party. Clark and Pino both filed federal complaints against UNC and have become leading activists in the fight to end campus rape.

High-profile alleged campus rapes have led the news agenda in the last year. Emma Sulkowicz, a senior at Columbia University, has become the face of the movement with her “Carry That Weight” performance art activism—a pledge to haul her mattress around campus as long as her alleged assailant, Paul Nungesser, remains at the school.

While there is little dispute that sexual assault is being poorly handled by universities, not everyone agrees on how schools are attempting to remedy the situation. Many are concerned that the refurbished systems to adjudicate campus sexual assault are kangaroo courts, where the accused is presumed guilty until proven innocent—even when there’s no evidence beyond he-said-she-said reports.

“The Hunting Ground” presents one side of this fraught debate, and a very powerful and disturbing one at that. It features interviews with dozens of young women, and a few men, who recount horrifying details of their sexual assaults and subsequent lack of concern from school and law enforcement authorities.

It does not feature testimony or representation from the victims’ alleged attackers, or any voice dissenting from the narrative focus that campus rape has become something of an epidemic, which is either being overlooked or appallingly dealt with by authorities.

In the film, Kinsman says she had a drink at an off-campus bar one night and is “fairly certain there was something in that drink,” because she woke later to Winston raping her. She claims both the school and Tallahassee police failed her.

The filmmakers don’t mention that two toxicology reports following the alleged rape found no drugs and little alcohol in her system. Nor do they note that, at a hearing in December, Kinsman didn’t say she had been drugged or unconscious. This isn’t to say the attack didn’t happen, but merely the documentary might have made clear the full array of evidence.

The movie has succeeded on this front. New York magazine film critic David Edelstein, who is planning college visits with his daughter, a junior in high school, wrote in his review that he “found myself jotting rape school next to several of the candidates.”

These documentaries are never unbiased. If they were, they wouldn’t be as emotionally compelling. In “Blackfish”, a heartbreaking documentary about the mistreatment of killer whales at Sea World and other water theme parks, Sea World is the cruel, money-grubbing man in the suit. Surely some who have worked with killer whales there would disagree, but their testimonies don’t fit the documentary narrative.

As compelling as “The Hunting Ground” is, it perpetuates a panic about the campus rape crisis that distracts from a rational assessment of the issue. It would have done better to expose its villains in front of the camera—and let them hang, or convincingly defend, themselves.",1
1385,Why America might elect a president it doesn't like,"Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have among the highest unfavorability ratings of recent presidential candidates. Their success shows how US politics is changing.

Will Trump's plan to register Muslims make it to The White House?

Tesla under Trump: How will electric cars fare under the next president?

John McCain defies Donald Trump on torture: 'We will not waterboard'

Audience members listen as Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally at Clinton Middle School Saturday in Clinton, Iowa.

It is possible, perhaps even probable, that this fall’s election will be contested between two of three most disliked presidential candidates of at least the past quarter century.

And it is possible, perhaps even probable, that this is not a coincidence.

A  Gallup survey released Saturday shows that Donald Trump has the highest unfavorability rating (60 percent) of any presidential candidate since the polling firm started tracking the figure in 1992. For her part, Hillary Clinton ranks third (52 percent) with the no-new-taxes-breaking George H.W. Bush of 1992 at No. 2.

In other words, the 2016 presidential election could be decided between two people that the majority of Americans, according to Gallup, don’t like politically.

How is this possible?

Actually, it makes complete sense. In fact, one could argue that such a contest would perfectly befit the current political era.

At a time when partisanship has taken new and more rigid forms, the result has been an America increasingly wary of the other side. Many Americans are increasingly motivated to vote against candidates rather than for them.

Mr. Trump and former Secretary of State Clinton symbolize this shift in different ways, but they speak to the shrinking middle of American politics. As the national parties have less and less in common, their national candidates likewise have less in common, leaving voters with a starker choice that they are just as likely to oppose as embrace.

Indeed, political scientists note that Americans are  more neatly “sorted” into the two parties than they have been in recent history. In other words, conservatives support Republicans and liberals support Democrats.

No more “blue dog” Democrats who want to reform welfare. No more Northeast Republicans who want to address climate change.

It means there is a brighter line between the national Democratic and Republican Parties than there has been in decades, because there is less internal pressure to moderate. If, increasingly, everyone in the party is left-of-center (or right-of-center), the party naturally shifts left (or right).

The result is two sharply different visions for America, two sharply different sets of solutions.

Another result is the vanishing swing voter. (See the Monitor’s  Cover Story on the subject.) A larger share of American voters might  register as independents than as Democrats or Republicans, but they don’t act that way. Those independents who reliably turn out to vote tend to take sides just like the partisans, voting in consistently partisan ways.

“People are more confident in their opinions when they see polarized parties,” Corwin Smidt, a Michigan State University political scientist, told the Monitor. “They think, ‘Well, if the choices are so stark, it’s just not a gray area at all.’ ”

And so they worry about the “other side” winning, according to research by Emory University political scientists Alan Abramowitz and Steven Webster. They found that voting behavior is increasingly guided by this “negative partisanship.”

This fall, it seems, American voters might have a lot to vote against.

Trump has become the Republican front-runner precisely because of his lack of broader appeal,  argues pollster Frank Luntz in the Financial Times.

“No high-polling presidential candidate in the modern era has so intrepidly drawn the ire of so many within the American  electorate,” he writes. “Yet in rendering one voting bloc utterly apoplectic, he has appealed viscerally to another. The balance of middle ground politics is not, shall we say, Mr. Trump’s bailiwick.”

His calls for the mass deportation of undocumented immigrants and a temporary ban on all noncitizen Muslims entering the country are antithetical to those outside his conservative base, which partly explains their appeal within it.

“He’s simply raising an important issue nobody else has the courage to talk about,” Mr. Luntz adds, paraphrasing the Trump voters’ reasons for supporting the billionaire.

For Clinton, the issue is less ideological than historical. She is facing a  perceived lack of trustworthiness that dates back to her husband’s administration – and has been exacerbated by her handling of  State Department e-mails.

Yet the same trends that have vaulted Trump to front-runner status are apparent in the Democratic primary process, too.

Bernie Sanders could topple Clinton in Iowa and New Hampshire. And he is an avowed socialist talking about a revolution.

“In Sanders’s vision, a massive grassroots uprising will shatter the constricting limits of today’s political debate and thrust forward long-time liberal goals such as single-payer health care and free public-college tuition,”  writes Ronald Brownstein in The Atlantic. “For Sanders’s growing army, it’s an exhilarating prospect.”

For Republicans, it is appalling.

To some degree, this is what primaries do: push candidates toward the extremes. But there is a mounting sense that, as the parties move further apart, this year represents something new – or at least more intense.

While the experience might be temporarily cathartic, evidence suggests it might not be ultimately satisfying. As Congress has become more sorted, Americans’ confidence in it has declined. Americans have less confidence in Congress than they do in any other major American institution – and have since 2010 – according to  a Gallup survey.

After all, a revolution entails one side “winning” – not likely in a political environment where each side is becoming more entrenched to stop the other.

“On both sides, the energy is with candidates … offering the dream of a clean sweep and a blank sheet on which to rewrite the nation’s priorities,” writes Mr. Brownstein. “Yet because the candidates offering such fundamental change are largely misdiagnosing the reasons for today’s impasse, it’s unlikely they could break it even if they capture the presidency.”

Their misdiagnosis? Brownstein suggests that it’s unlikely one side can ignore the other to rewrite the nation’s priorities.

“Given the nation’s underlying partisan divisions, the only way to advance bigger ideas may be through compromises across party lines that neither side is discussing much yet.”

What this primary campaign has done, perhaps, is highlight the shifting political topography and distance between those party lines.",1
581,Obama's community college proposal: dead on arrival?,"Knoxville, Tennessee (CNN) President Barack Obama's ambitious proposal to give millions of Americans more affordable access to a community college education and what he called a ""ticket to the middle class"" is unlikely to become law any time soon.

His plan is to partner with states and fund the first two years of community college for Americans ""willing to work for it."" The White House will work to push this plan through Congress ""in the next few weeks,"" Obama promised.

But with a roughly $60 billion price tag over the next 10 years, the proposal may have little chance of getting through the wall of Republican deficit hawks that now control both houses of Congress.

Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker, both Republican senators from Tennessee, joined Obama on Air Force One and at the community college during Obama's speech, but neither want Obama's plan to become federal law.

That's despite the fact that Obama called his proposal bipartisan, noting that similar policies have been implemented by Tennessee's Republican governor and Chicago's Democratic Mayor Rahm Emanuel.

Asked whether he would support Obama's proposal, Corker said ""Oh no, no, no, no, no,"" instead urging other states to take the president's initiative, and do something similar themselves rather than create ""a whole new bureaucratic federal program.""

Sen. Alexander, chairman of the Senate's education committee and the former education secretary, echoed that in a statement on Friday saying states should follow Tennessee's lead.

Obama's proposal, dubbed America's College Promise, wouldn't be the first broad-sweeping proposition that didn't get far in Washington, but --aided by a presidential push -- could still make inroads throughout the country by way of state and local initiatives.

""It's not necessarily all about bills and funding,"" said Maine's Sen. Angus King who serves on the Senate Budget Committee. ""Sometimes it's about the bully pulpit and raising the profile of an issue.""

King, an independent who caucuses with Democrats, pointed to the President's previous ambitious proposal for universal early childhood education in 2013. It hasn't produced results on Capitol Hill, but has spurred attempts to provide Pre-K education in King's state of Maine.

And while Congress hasn't raised the federal minimum wage since Obama called for an increase during last year's State of the Union, dozens of states and municipalities have since passed laws to create a higher minimum wage on their own.

""Setting the national agenda is an important part of what the presidency is,"" King said.

King said Obama is ""definitely in the target zone"" with his proposal, but said there would be a challenge to find the $60 billion, which he called ""a big number."" While he supports Obama's idea, King said he wouldn't endorse the proposal outright until he reviews the plan's funding mechanism, which remains a massive question mark.

And King was thrilled to learn that Obama committed in his speech to working with Alexander on a bill King cosponsored that would shrink the size of the federal student aid application form, which has more than a hundred questions -- something college affordability advocates have pushed for in recent years.

Obama's proposal would give states a huge break -- with the federal government picking up three-quarters of the cost of waiving community college tuition for the first two years, and leaving states to fund the rest.

""States would have to do their part too. For those willing to do the work and for states and local communities who want to be a part of it, it could be a game changer,"" Obama said.

Emphasizing that there are ""no free rides in America,"" free tuition would be contingent on students getting good grades, enrolling at part-time and following through on earning their degree.

Deputy White House Press Secretary Eric Schultz told reporters on Air Force One recognized that the $60 billion plan was a ""significant investment.""

""But it's one the president believes is worthwhile because we need to make sure that America's young people are getting the skills they need to succeed in the 21st century economy,"" Schultz said.

Obama modeled the proposal on a Tennessee program started under Republican Gov. Bill Haslam a year ago.

""Why not just build on something that works?"" Obama said at Pellissippi State Community College on Friday.

Haslam launched the Tennessee Promise, a program that covers the cost of tuition and fees of a certificate or degree at any of the state's community colleges after students already kick in whatever financial aid they can get.

But higher education experts stress that the Tennessee program doesn't make a community college education ""free"" since students incur many other costs to attend college -- from living expenses to lost wages.

Lauren Asher, President of The Institute for College Access & Success, said Obama's plan is different (and, she said, better) since it would waive tuition costs and let students use federal aid, like Pell Grants for the neediest students, go toward expenses other than tuition.

And Obama's focus on community colleges was also a welcome message, just one of the many steps the administration has taken to address college access and affordability, Asher said.

""The President is rightly calling attention to the importance and value of community colleges and of education and training after high school,"" Asher said. ""What the President is proposing has the potential to help low-income students.

Nicholas Wyman, CEO of the Institute for Workplace Skills and Innovation, a consulting firm, called Obama's focus on community colleges and skills-driven, vocational training a much-needed step to boost the U.S. economy.

The number of job openings could halve the unemployment rate, but a massive gap between the skills of prospective employees and those in demand is holding the economy back. And by elevating community colleges, Obama is helping to destigmatize what many view as bottom-rung institutions.

""Companies want to employ people with strong academics, but they also want to employ people with strong workplace skills. A lot of the community colleges offer that and unfortunately a lot of the four year colleges don't,"" Wyman said. ""This is an opportunity to move the community college system into the 21st century.""

Obama also hit on a note that is a focus of Wyman's consulting firm, addressing the need to connect community colleges and employers who could benefit from the neatly-tailored skills of a community college graduate.

And even if Obama's proposal flops in Washington, Wyman, who has travelled around the country, asserted that states are ""hungry for reforms.""

""There's a lot of states who would look at this and often as you know states don't like being told what to do,"" Wyman said, and maybe they'll now take the initiative themselves.",1
694,Donald Trump's obsession with himself,"From his condemnation of journalists to his racially tinged attacks on a judge presiding over a lawsuit related to Trump University to his feud with New Mexico GOP Gov. Susana Martinez, there's one thing in common about the mounting Trump controversies: The presumptive Republican presidential nominee is aiming to make the entire 2016 campaign about himself.

American politics is littered with larger-than-life personalities. But no presidential candidate in living memory has built a campaign so exclusively on the foundation of his own personal, brand, self-congratulatory rhetoric and life story as Trump. And don't expect anything different if he makes it to the White House.

""You think I'm going to change?"" he told reporters at a press conference this week. ""I'm not going to change.""

Trump has prospered by being the loudest, most unapologetic salesman of self in politics that most seasoned observers have ever seen. He is not just the figurehead of his own campaign -- his personality is the campaign, as evidenced by stump speeches, press conferences and endless television and radio interviews that add up to an unstoppable torrent of self-promotion.

""The Trump campaign is not about any cause, it is all about Trump,"" said Peter Wehner, who has watched candidates and presidents up close as an aide in the last three Republican administrations. ""His campaign is all about him. How he treats other people is all about him -- whether one is praised and patted on the head or cruelly mocked depends on what you have said about him.""

Trump's self-aggrandizement has become a dominant theme of the presidential campaign.

The billionaire boasts about his wealth, his portfolio of gleaming buildings and golf resorts, soaring poll numbers, the size of his crowds, his ""crazy"" television ratings, how Mexicans will love him, how his book is an all time best-seller and how his 757 jet is superior to Air Force One.

It's an ego-driven strategy that would doom most politicians.

But, so far, Trump's unique, personal and unconventional campaign style has worked. He's dispatched his rivals in a bloated Republican field and is now locked in a tight general election duel with Hillary Clinton. His style could even help him win over disaffected workers who also seem themselves as victimized by the political and economic establishment.

Still, there are major questions about whether a personality-driven campaign -- lacking the traditional organizational and field skills -- can be successful during a complex national contest.

The Clinton campaign is working overtime to make Trump's personal mythologizing look like a fatal flaw. The former secretary of state is mounting a two-pronged strategy that centers directly on Trump's persona. She hopes to make a case that his volatile personality makes him unsuitable to be commander-in-chief and to use incidents from his colorful character and business career to deconstruct Trump's carefully built self image.

Trump's allies dismiss the idea that his campaign style lacks the gravitas and temperament required of a President, arguing that his tirades against the press, for instance, are merely a result of unfair coverage.

""Many of the reporters know the facts, but choose to write horrible stories about him or portray him in a negative light,"" Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson told CNN's ""New Day"" on Wednesday, adding that if Trump becomes President he will have wide public support. ""So it's not going to get to the point of a temperament question because the people will be behind Mr. Trump.""

Trump is hardly alone in getting high on himself: Self-confidence is synonymous with politics.

But presidential candidates typically take pains to mask their personal ambition in a flurry of detailed policy positions and ostentatious attempts to feel the voters' pain.

Peter Feaver, a former aide to President George W. Bush, said Trump's reliance on his personality is unique.

""This persona is actually one he has been honing for decades,"" said Feaver, a former senior National Security Council official, noting that unlike other big personalities that took aim at the presidency, Trump lacked core ideological convictions.

""Take Ronald Reagan for instance. He clearly had a persona that was built up over decades but even more he had a governing philosophy even as he was developing a persona,"" Fever said. ""Trump doesn't have that. He just has the persona.""

Feaver also notes the irony that after spending eight years lambasting President Barack Obama as a hubristic, self-obsessed figure, Republicans are about to nominate someone who takes those perceived deficiencies to extremes.

The presumptive GOP nominee is not known for introspection. But he seems to agree with critics who say the campaign is almost exclusively about himself.

""A very good musician said Trump is the greatest in the world without a guitar, meaning without an instrument. I've got to stand up here by myself,"" Trump said in California last week, explaining his unique style of political performance art.

He want on to boast how a good friend -- who was ""by the way, one of the most successful people in the country, in the world"" -- asked him how he was able to hold such large audiences in the palm of his hand.

""I said, 'You know, honestly, it's not hard because there's so much love in the room. It's unbelievable.'""

Such comments, laced throughout Trump's public appearances, reveal a politician apparently intoxicated with his own magnetism and brimming with self belief.

And they contrast with the stump speeches of more conventional political nominees -- which sag with policies designed to lure various constituencies of a party and cliched invocations to a higher national purpose and political unity that Trump's speeches conspicuously lack.

His public appearances, while hitting top political points on illegal immigration, free trade and U.S. allies who he says are fleecing America, are effectively a list of his personal triumphs -- that seem like the obsessions of a billionaire and have little in common with his heartland audiences.

He frequently relates the tale of his new hotel in Washington in the city's old Post Office building which he says will come in under budget and ahead of schedule and will be ""a higher-quality hotel than anybody ever saw before."" And he often recalls the media frenzy as he and his wife Melania descended the escalator at Trump tower to launch his campaign last year, saying it ""looked, literally, like the Academy Awards.""

Trump's implicit case is that his personality is so dominant, his presence alone makes the need for detailed policy proposals moot. That's why when he vows to rescue health care for veterans, he doesn't say how he will get it done. He promises to bring back jobs from Mexico and China -- again without revealing his approach. He says he will ""knock the hell out of ISIS"" but doesn't detail a credible military strategy.

Given the billionaire's somewhat ill defined political creed and unpredictable style, no one can say for sure what his presidency would be like.

But if the campaign is anything to go by, one thing is certain: it would be all about Trump.",1
2473,ObamaCare Opt-Out Act: Let all Americans make their own health care decisions,"In the coming weeks, Americans will embark on the painful process of filing their tax returns. While this annual ritual leaves most people confused, depressed and overwhelmed, many will be faced with the additional step this year of paying hundreds or thousands of dollars if they chose not to purchase health insurance under ObamaCare for 2014.

Under the individual mandate required by the president’s new health care law, Americans for the first time must pay the higher of two penalties if they are uninsured and did not enroll in ObamaCare last year—either $95 per adult and $47.50 per child under 18, or 1 percent of their yearly household income above the $10,000 tax filing threshold. That means an individual earning $50,000 will face a penalty of $400 this year, and fines could reach up to $2,448 per person or up to $12,240 for a family of five.

Unfortunately, these penalty rates will only continue to climb. Next year, penalties will more than double for those who do not enroll in ObamaCare in 2015, costing the same individual earning $50,000 per year a whopping $800, and families up to tens of thousands of dollars.

No American should be forced into the president’s one-size-fits-all health care mandate. Health care should be based on the fundamental principle of freedom, and Americans should be able to have the ability to make their own health care decisions without fear that the government will extract onerous penalties from them.

That is why we reintroduced The ObamaCare Opt-Out Act of 2014 in the Senate last week, important legislation that will allow Americans to opt-out of the individual mandate for health insurance coverage required by ObamaCare. This bill would allow individuals to either notify their state or the federal health care exchange, or use their tax filing to opt-out of ObamaCare and avoid the penalty.  According to the tax-services provider H&R Block, this would impact about 4 million uninsured Americans in 2015.

After four years of ObamaCare, hardworking Americans continue to see their health care costs rise while their coverage choices diminish. It is far past time for American families to once again have the freedom to make their own decisions about what is best for their families.

As the 114th Congress gets underway, we will continue to make this bill a priority and work to restore Americans’ freedom to buy affordable health insurance that works for them because they know what’s best for their families, not the Obama administration.

Republican John Barrasso represents Wyoming in the U.S. Senate. He serves in the Senate as a member of both the Energy and Environment Committees. Follow him on Twitter@Sen.JohnBarrasso.",1
1130,Another Primary Night's Results Confound (At Least Some) Expectations,"Another Primary Night's Results Confound (At Least Some) Expectations

The latest day of primary voting was bad news for one leading candidate, good news for another and a setback for popular campaign narratives in both parties.

You may have heard that Hillary Clinton was about to extend her Super Tuesday dominance to Mississippi and Michigan, putting the campaign of Bernie Sanders on the ropes once and for all. The Clinton story seemed all the more plausible given her feisty show in her seventh debate with Sanders and the struggle he seemed to have in more populous states.

And you may also have heard the reports of Donald Trump's momentum finally stalling out. Over the weekend, in votes in Kentucky and Louisiana, late-deciders had broken against him. Trump still won those states, of course, but only because so many people voted early for him.

This Trump scenario made sense given the millions of dollars in attack ads paid for by rivals and by independent superPACs opposed to his nomination.

But not so fast. As it turned out, it was the Clinton juggernaut that lost a wheel in Michigan — while Trump's model stayed very much on track. He lost late-deciders again, but it mattered even less than it had in the earlier tests.

Sanders, for his part, once again defied expectations. Michigan responded to his assault on trade deals, while not entirely buying Clinton's late attacks on his voting record on the auto industry bailout.

Clinton may also have been expecting higher turnout among African-Americans, who backed her with 65 percent of their vote but did not supply enough votes to overcome Sanders' advantage outside of metropolitan Detroit. Clinton also failed to win the county that is home to Flint, the city with lead-poisoned water that she had made the focus of her campaign.

Once again, Sanders reprised his astounding dominance of the youth vote, taking 87 percent of the votes of those under 30. He also won an overwhelming number of counties, large and small, throughout the state.

Yet another storyline that crashed and burned Tuesday concerned a candidate running well out of the money so far this season. This was the myth known as ""the emergence of John Kasich,"" the Ohio governor many hoped might become the establishment alternative to Trump.

Kasich went all-in for Michigan in hopes of generating momentum ahead of his do-or-die primary in his home state on March 15. But Kasich finished third, a hair or two behind Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. He may still win Ohio next week, but he will not be a factor anywhere else on a day when three other top-10 states will vote (Florida, Illinois and North Carolina).

For his part, Cruz once again showed himself the master of the small state event (he won in Idaho) and the second-place finish (Michigan, Mississippi, Hawaii). Despite his maddening failure to defeat Trump in Southern states with big populations of evangelical white Protestants, Cruz has hung tough and racked up delegates.

He is now just 99 delegates behind Trump. If he could win a few of the winner-take-all states, he could catch him, although the prospects of that appear increasingly remote. And if there is any GOP candidate with a chance of preventing Trump from reaching 1,237 delegates for a first-ballot nomination, it is now Cruz.

It might help Cruz stop Trump if his fellow freshman senator, Marco Rubio, dropped out rather than contest his home state of Florida next week. But Rubio has vowed to remain for that test, even though he remains behind Trump in Florida polling and must battle Cruz and Kasich for votes there.

Truth be told, Tuesday was a night of total frustration for Rubio, demonstrating how utterly his campaign strategy has failed. He not only finished third or worse in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho and Hawaii — he won exactly zero delegates for the night. His delegate count is now further behind Cruz than Cruz is behind Trump.

Rubio was the young and charismatic candidate many Republicans had hoped would step up as the anti-Trump. But Rubio's recent attempts to do so with personal putdowns and constant attacks may have backfired, judging by his performance since he adopted Trump's slashing speaking style. Setting aside a small-turnout event in Minnesota and a primary in Puerto Rico, Rubio has now staggered winless through two-dozen primaries and caucuses.

In the cold light of the day-after, it is possible the results from Tuesday will look different. Had Clinton eked out another 20,000 votes or so in Michigan, the headline might have been about her crossing the halfway point in pursuit of the 2,383 delegates needed to nominate on the first ballot at the July convention in Philadelphia. She has 1,221 now. Sanders has 571.

The most frustrating element of the battle for Sanders is that even his best night since New Hampshire did not avail him in the delegate tally. Clinton's 66-point dominance in Mississippi won her nearly all that state's cache of 36 delegates, while Sanders' razor-thin margin in Michigan meant the two candidates split that state's 130 delegates almost evenly.

All of that makes it difficult for Sanders to overcome Clinton's delegate lead, even if he continues to best her in the voting booths from here through June. Sanders strategist Tad Devine is fond of saying the race is a marathon, not a sprint, but winning a race of any duration still requires you to finish first.

Sanders needs to make a habit of doing just that, and by wider margins than his breakthrough in Michigan gave him. Still, however steep the climb may appear, this Tuesday made it harder than ever to count the Vermonter out.",1
3257,Funding shortfall for Social Security disability program: Is it real?,"Republicans say Social Security’s support for people with disabilities will be 'broke' next year; the Obama budget suggests the system needs only a patch. But both sides agree: Something must be done by 2016.

Why are Americans more open to torture than other nations?

Senate Budget Committee ranking member Sen. Bernie Sanders (I) of Vermont (l.) talks as committee chairman Sen. Michael Enzi (R) of Wyoming listens during a hearing of the Senate Budget Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington earlier this month

In the wake of Republican victories in the election last fall, pundits warned that Congress would be at loggerheads with President Obama on a number of budget issues in 2015, including over highway funding and the Department of Homeland Security.

Not high on the list of hot topics: Social Security.

Yet the vaunted social insurance system is suddenly a hot part of the fiscal debate in Washington – and it's not waiting for 2016 elections. The new Obama budget proposes a patch to the program’s support for people with disabilities, but Republicans say the system needs an overhaul, not a Band-Aid.

How urgent an issue is this? Specifically, how real is the financial trouble for the disability program?

The two sides are far apart on their characterizations, but they agree that something needs to be done, and a good case can be made that the reality is between the extremes.

Many Democrats and liberals say, in effect, that Social Security’s Disability Insurance program is in trouble only if Republicans refuse to rubber stamp Mr. Obama’s fix.

Sen. Bernie Sanders (I) of Vermont, the top member of the Democratic caucus on the Senate Budget Committee, accused Republicans of trying “to manufacture a crisis where none exists.”

On the Republican side, Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming, who chairs that panel, says that “by December of next year, the program will be broke.”

What's new is that after years of talk about Social Security's solvency and the need to reform it (or not), Congress has come to its first definitive fork in the road on the issue. Perhaps the problem isn’t as dire as Republicans say it is, but Obama also might not have a slam-dunk case for his patch.

A good many economists agree with the Republican view that reforms are needed to keep the system solvent – and the sooner they’re enacted, the better it will be for the nation’s fiscal health.

Here are key facts behind the rhetoric:

These facts suggest that Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah had a valid point when he argued this week on the Senate floor that “having a joint trust fund exhaustion as a target doesn’t solve any fundamental financial problem facing ... Social Security.”

At the same time, Democrats have a point when they note that rebalancing the tax revenues between the two trust funds has been done by Congress many times in the past.

The nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget notes that Congress has reallocated tax receipts between these two funds in the past, but generally accompanied by reforms to Social Security.

House Republicans are seeking to block any such reallocation, unless it’s accompanied by reforms to shore up Social Security so promised benefits can be paid beyond 2033.

The Social Security trustees said in their 2014 annual report that although Congress may consider another rebalancing, such a move ""might serve to delay DI reforms and much needed financial corrections for OASDI as a whole.""

Regardless of whether the tax flows are rebalanced, the two programs may call for differing reforms to bolster their solvency.

In the old-age program, possible fixes include asking high-earning Americans to shoulder bigger tax burdens, modestly raising the retirement age, and adjusting the inflation index used for benefits (so that annual cost-of-living increases aren’t so big).

On the disability side, changes might include expanding incentives for people to work rather than rely on DI benefits. “Increasing employment among individuals with disabilities could improve their economic well-being and increase their autonomy while also reducing the fiscal strains on Social Security,” Stanford University economist Mark Duggan argued at a Senate hearing this week.

The disability program has grown markedly in recent years. By 2012 it was accounting for 18 percent of all Social Security benefits, up from 10 percent in 1970, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.

Much of the expansion stemmed from demographics, as an aging population included more people developing disabilities in their later work years, a 2013 CBO analysis concluded. But it also found the growth in the program to be related to 1984 legislation that loosened the definition of conditions qualifying as disabilities, and in fluctuations in the economy – such as the long jobs drought following the 2008 financial crisis.

“The DI rolls have barely grown for the last two years,” notes Kathy Ruffing of the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.

That slowdown coincides with an easing of demographic pressures on the program, as the baby boomers retire, as well as the improving economy.",1
4221,Most non-Trump GOP voters say they would consider independent candidate,"Over half of non-Donald Trump voters in Tuesday’s Republican primaries say they would consider a third party or independent candidate should the businessman pick up the Republican nomination for the White House.

The Fox News exit poll taken among voters in Missouri, Illinois, North Carolina, Florida, Ohio, shows that six-in-ten non-Trump GOP voters would consider a third party candidate if the general election matchup was Trump versus Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton.

Four-in-ten Republican primary voters overall would consider a third party or independent candidate, while approximately five-in-ten of late deciders would consider the same choice, Fox News’ exit poll said.

Trump himself has repeatedly raised the possibility of running an independent campaign should he be treated “unfairly” by the Republican Party, despite signing a pledge to support whoever the eventual Republican nominee may be.

Billionaire and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg was understood to have been considering a third party run in recent months, but eventually decided against a run after concluding that there was not a viable route to victory, and his candidacy would likely hand the Republicans the White House.

",1
2283,Marco Rubio doesn’t think sexual orientation is a choice but wants states to decide marriage,"Marco Rubio said Sunday that he believes sexual orientation isn't a choice, but he is opposed to courts deciding on marriage for same-sex couples.

""I believe that sexual preference is something that people are born with,"" he said on CBS's ""Face the Nation.""

Rubio also said that he believes marriage should be ""between one man and one woman"" but insisted ""it's not that I'm against gay marriage.""

""States have always regulated marriage, and if a state wants to have a different definition, you should petition the state legislature and have a political debate,"" he said. ""I don't think courts should be making that decision, and I don't believe same-sex marriage is a constitutional right.""",1
3958,Downing of Russian plane reveals potential for more conflict,"The downing of a Russian warplane by Turkish F-16s over the Syrian border has split two obstinate strongmen deeply involved in Syria’s increasingly crowded civil war: Russian President Vladimir Putin and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.

Officials from both countries on Wednesday discounted the possibility of direct conflict over the downing. “We are not going to wage a war on Turkey,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told reporters, although he said Moscow viewed the attack as a “planned provocation.”

The Turkish government offered its condolences for the deaths of a Russian pilot and a marine in the downing of the plane and an attempted rescue of its crew, Russia’s first combat fatalities in the country’s two-month-old airstrike campaign in Syria.

But the incident has revealed the potential for conflict between foreign powers supporting and opposing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad despite a shared opposition to the Islamic State. In particular, Russian airstrikes against Turkish-backed rebel groups have fomented deep frustration in Ankara.

“There is a clear message from the Turks with this downing of a Russian jet,” said Mustafa Alani, a Middle East expert at the Geneva-based Gulf Research Center. “It is a check on Russia’s policy in the region. Russia can’t do whatever it wants.”

Russia says its Su-24 bomber did not violate Turkish airspace, but Turkish officials say it did. Putin hypothesized Tuesday that even if the plane did briefly enter Turkish airspace, it was not a threat.

[This is the Russian plane that Turkey just shot down]

In Moscow at least, the event is being seen as something larger than an attack on an errant jet.

“The conflict happened because Russia was attacking rebel groups allied with Turkey,” said Alexander Baunov, an analyst at the Moscow Carnegie Center, when asked about the possibility of an accidental clash. “It’s wrong to say that this happened because of anything like crowded skies.”

The Russian Defense Ministry announced in a statement Wednesday that Russian fighter jets will now escort the bombers, and Moscow will move into Syria powerful new ground-to-air missiles that can reach across the country and far into Turkey from the Russian air base in the province of Latakia on Syria’s Mediterranean coast.

Additionally, analysts say, Russia will choose from a menu of asymmetric responses in retaliation against Turkey, including informal economic sanctions and providing military aid to Turkey’s enemies, including the Kurds.

“Of course, Russia is going to intensify strikes on that part of Syria and on those groups that are affiliated with Turkey,” said Fyodor Lukyanov, a prominent Russian political analyst. He added that Russia probably would not scale back its deployment in Syria because of the incident.

On Wednesday evening, Turkey’s state-run news agency, Anadolu, reported that Russian airstrikes targeted Turkish aid vehicles in the Syrian border town of Azzaz, killing at least seven drivers. The town is a hub for supplies being delivered from Turkey to Syrian rebels fighting government forces in the nearby city of Aleppo. The details of the incident could not be assessed independently.

Shady al-Ouaineh, a media ­representative for Determined Storm, a rebel group associated with the Free Syrian Army, said in a telephone interview that Russia had dramatically intensified air raids in rebel-held areas of Latakia province. Syrian government forces and allied Shiite militiamen from Iraq, backed by Russian air cover, have been trying to advance on some of the last opposition holdouts in the province, said Ouaineh, close to where the Russian jet was shot down.

“It is clear Russia is taking out its revenge on us here,” he said.

[NATO faces new Mideast crisis after downing of Russian jet by Turkey]

Russian attitudes toward Turkey, which were reasonably friendly a year ago, have turned cold with alarming speed. Most Russian tour operators stopped selling travel packages to Turkey on Wednesday. Protesters in Moscow pelted the Turkish Embassy with eggs and rocks, shattering windows. Russian lawmakers introduced a bill that would criminalize denying that the mass killings of Armenians in 1915 by the Ottoman Empire was a “genocide.” The issue remains highly sensitive: Turkey acknowledges that atrocities occurred but has long denied that what took place constituted a genocide.

Last December, Russia diverted a planned gas line away from Europe to Turkey in order to spurn the West. That project’s fate is also now in doubt.

“The consequences are going to be significant,” Lukyanov said.

Russia will seek retribution against Turkey but wants to avoid antagonizing the West, Baunov said. “If this becomes a fight between Russia and the West, then that goes against the goals of the intervention in the first place: to escape international isolation connected to sanctions,” he said.

Those sanctions were imposed after Russia annexed the Crimean Peninsula and backed separatist rebels in Ukraine’s southeast.

President Obama, meeting with French President François Hollande in Washington on Tuesday, said that Turkey had a right to defend its airspace and accused Russia of attacking moderate opposition groups as opposed to the Islamic State. Russia has said it carries out airstrikes only against terrorist organizations.

“They are operating very close to a Turkish border and they are going after a moderate opposition that are supported by not only Turkey but a wide range of countries,” Obama said. At the same time he discouraged “any kind of escalation.”

[U.S., France to press allies for more assets in fight against the Islamic State]

The frantic Russian search for the missing bomber crew was marred by the death of a marine on an Mi-8 helicopter hit by an antitank missile.

“One on board was wounded when he parachuted down and killed in a savage way on the ground by the jihadists,” Alexander Orlov, the Russian ambassador to France, told Europe 1 radio. “The other managed to escape and, according to the latest information, has been picked up by the Syrian army and should be going back to the Russian air force base.”

Putin has promised the Russian public a limited engagement in Syria, with no ground forces, to limit casualties. Although the Syrian army has managed to halt a rebel offensive, Russian air power has not yet led to a significant turn of the tide in the war.

“Turkey dealt a major blow to Putin, and now he’s been placed between a rock and a hard place,” said Fawaz A. Gerges, a professor of international relations at the London School of Economics. “There could be mission creep where Russia will get entangled in an unwinnable war.”",1
2928,"Retaliating For Killings, Egypt Launches Airstrikes Against ISIS In Libya",""" 'Your armed forces on Monday carried out focused air strikes in Libya against Daesh camps, places of gathering and training, and weapons depots,' the military said in a statement, using the Arabic acronym for ISIS.

""It was the first time Egypt confirmed launching air strikes against the group in neighboring Libya, suggesting President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi is ready to escalate his battle against militants seeking to topple his government.

""The military said the dawn strike, in which Libya's air force also participated, 'achieved its targets accurately' and the pilots returned to base safely, the Egyptian military said, as state television ran brief footage of a fighter plane taking off in darkness.""",1
2353,President Obama wants to disarm America,"President Obama is plotting with his attorney general to get our guns.

The president will purportedly  bypass Congress and crack down on small scale gun sellers. Fox News reports the plan would require gun sellers to order background checks on prospective buyers and tighten laws for gun sales to those who have committed domestic-abuse offenses.

Click here to sign up for Todd’s American Dispatch – a  must-read for conservatives!

If the White House really wants to crack down on gun violence -- maybe they should enforce the laws that are already on the books.

But that's not the point. This president ultimately wants to disarm the nation.

The primary reason our Founding Fathers wrote the Second Amendment was to protect all the other amendments.

Just after the Muslim terrorist attack in San Bernardino the Washington Post found that 53 percent of voters oppose a ban on assault weapons -- a record high.

The American people seem to understand what the president does not -- guns keep our families safe.

So instead of declaring war on law-abiding gun owners  -- maybe the president ought to declare war on the true threat facing our nation -- radical Islam.

The National Rifle Association accused the president of pulling a “political stunt” and Republican presidential candidates have widely condemned the president’s gun-control plans.

“The president is a petulant child,” New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie told ""Fox News Sunday."" “Whenever he doesn’t get what he wants…this president acts like a king.”

“It is delusional, dangerous, not to mention unconstitutional,” she said. “We have a long list of criminals who own guns, who routinely purchase guns. We know who these people are, and we are not prosecuting any of them.”

Texas Governor Greg Abbott summed up it up best in a tweet:

""Obama Wants to impose more gun control. My response? COME & TAKE IT.""

Todd Starnes is host of Fox News & Commentary, heard on hundreds of radio stations. His latest book is ""God Less America: Real Stories From the Front Lines of the Attack on Traditional Values."" Follow Todd on Twitter @ToddStarnes and find him on Facebook.

",1
689,"Sanders says 'tough guy' Trump should reconsider, still debate him","Sen. Bernie Sanders is calling out Donald Trump for withdrawing his offer to debate, an apparent attempt to goad the presumptive Republican presidential nominee and self-described “tough guy” into reconsidering ahead of California’s big June 7 primary.

Sanders said Friday night on HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher” that he would still “love” to debate Trump and essentially asked him to reconsider.

“First he said he would do it,” the Democratic presidential candidate said. “Then he said he wouldn’t. Then he said he would, then he said he wouldn’t do it.

“So I would hope that if he changed his mind four times in two days changing the fifth time (would be possible.) You know, Trump claims to be a real tough guy, pushes people around. Hey Donald, come on up and let's debate about the future of America.""

 



Trump recently suggested he would debate Sanders after Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton declined a Fox News Channel offer to debate him.

However, Trump apparently changed his mind after getting 1,237 delegates on Thursday, the number needed to clinch the GOP nomination.

“Now that I am the presumptive Republican nominee, it seems inappropriate that I would debate the second-place finisher,” Trump said Friday through his campaign. “As much as I want to debate Bernie Sanders -- and it would be an easy payday -- I will wait to debate the first place finisher in the Democratic Party, probably Crooked Hillary Clinton, or whoever it may be.”

Clinton is now just 73 delegates short of the 2,383 needed to clinch her party’s nomination, with 913 still at stake, including 475 in California.

Sanders has won nearly as many state contests as Clinton, including a string of wins in the past couple of months but has just 1,542 delegates.

The Vermont senator and self-described democratic socialist has been campaigning furiously in liberal-leaning California -- in hopes of winning or at least taking a sizeable number of delegates.

He has vowed to keep his campaign alive into the party’s July nomination convention, and more delegates could give him more influence over the party’s platform.

California has one of the most expensive media markets in the country. With campaigns having already spent so much of their money on earlier races, a national TV debate with Trump could certainly help Sanders.

He first learned about Trump cancelling the debate offer at campaign event earlier Friday in Los Angeles County, with his remarks sounding like the ground work for his HBO comments.

“I heard he was going to be debate. Then I heard he was not going to debate, then I heard he was going to debate. Well I hope that he changes his mind again. (Trump’s) known to change mind many times in the day. He’s a big tough guy. Mr. Trump what are you afraid of? Why won’t you debate here in California?""",1
1833,Heard of George Pataki? Every four years he thinks about running for president.,"EDITOR’s NOTE: This story was originally published on May 1. It has been updated to include the news that Pataki has announced his presidential campaign.

The tall man in a blazer burst into the Chipotle in the middle of the afternoon. He had a smile, a TV camera following him and the jovial air of a man who expects to be recognized.

“George Pataki, from New York,” he said, shaking hands with the first two diners he met. “We’re doing the non-Hillary tour. We’re actually saying ‘hi’ to people.”

Then the tall man moved on, to quiz the next table about their food. (“Chicken burrito? I gotta try something new.”) When he was gone, the first two diners wondered: Who was that? Do they not have Chipotle where he lives?

“It’s like, ‘Oh, I’m from New York,’ ” said Aaron Lee, 22. “What are you doing here, then?”

Officially, what George E. Pataki was doing was flirting — for the fourth time in 16 years — with the idea of running for president of the United States.

A few weeks ago, Pataki was in New Hampshire: raising money, and telling people that he was close, close, close to making a decision. “I’m strongly leaning toward making the run,” he told a radio station in New Hampshire.

This happened three times before. Every other time Pataki flirted with running, he didn’t [On Thursday, the Republican ex-governor of New York announced that this time, he is actually is running].

Spring is the flirting season in American politics: in the early part of this year, more than 20 politicians were officially “considering” or “exploring” a run for president. The key to understanding this strange every-four-years ritual is to understand that there are two kinds of flirting.

For the big-name candidates, the presidential flirt is a useful, temporary, legal dodge. They will run. They are essentially running already. But they don’t want to admit it yet, because that would bring on tighter fundraising rules.

For the others — particularly the eight or so who have fallen out of the political spotlight — the flirt can be an end in itself. It allows them to experience some of the most pleasant parts of a campaign: audiences, media attention, a chance to raise money. And then it lets them escape before they have to face the less-pleasant parts. Such as getting crushed.

This time, apparently, Pataki is ready to take that risk.

“I make a joke that every four years, there’s the Olympics, there’s the World Cup and I come to New Hampshire thinking about running for president,” Pataki told a crowd of 15 people during a speech at a Sea-Doo and snowmobile dealership in Laconia, N.H.

Nobody laughed. Then Pataki said this election was different: “This time, in all honesty, I see things differently.”

Pataki, 69, has already lived a remarkable political life. The son of a postman, he unseated liberal icon Mario Cuomo (D) in a 1994 governor’s race — one of New York’s legendary upsets. Pataki then won second and third terms by large margins. He led New York through the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and the rebuilding of Ground Zero.

But he has not held office since 2007. Since then, his political star has faded somewhat.

“Who is Bloomberg?” a “Jeopardy!” contestant said in January while looking at a photo of Pataki.

The category was “New York governors,” and the clue was “He took New York into the 21st century.”

“No,” host Alex Trebek said. The other two contestants stared blankly at the same photo, without buzzing in, until time ran out.

Another sign: There used to be a museum about Pataki in his hometown of Peekskill, N.Y. It opened after he left office, complete with an exhibit where schoolkids could see Pataki’s gubernatorial desk.

Then, in 2013, it closed. Its leaders thought maybe more schoolkids would visit if it was a Web site.

“Basically, it would be like a monkey flying out of a unicorn’s [posterior]” if Pataki won the 2016 Republican nomination, said Florida-based GOP strategist Rick Wilson. If Pataki got into the GOP primary, he would face obstacles that go far beyond his meager name recognition. He is pro-choice. He signed strict gun-control laws. He let state government spending grow rapidly.

In recent polls, his best showing has been 1 percent.

“Let’s just say a meteor strikes the first debate and kills everyone except Pataki, who is stuck in traffic. Let’s hypothesize for a moment,” Wilson said. He thought. No. It still wouldn’t be Pataki. They’d find somebody else.

But despite those long odds, Pataki came to New Hampshire last month for his eighth flirting-related visit since September. He later made a ninth.

“I know I can appeal — not just to Republicans and conservatives — but to independents and intelligent Democrats as well,” Pataki told an audience of eight College Republicans at the University of New Hampshire.

This is the heart of Pataki’s pitch to voters. He’s a Republican who won big in a blue state. He’s a reformer who would tame Washington’s bureaucracy. “I go there today, and it’s like I’m on an alien planet,” Pataki said of Washington. “They are an insular world. They talk a language you don’t understand.”

In New Hampshire, Pataki’s crowds were not big. At the official opening of his super PAC’s office in Manchester, for instance, 25 people turned up. And one of them turned out to be an incognito staffer for Donald Trump. Think about that. If this was an intentional act of flirter-against-flirter espionage (which the Trump staffer denied), it might be the most pointless dirty trick in the history of American politics.

Nevertheless, wherever Pataki went, the crowds were pleasant and admiring.

“Under a Pataki administration,” one man asked him at a diner, how would Middle East policy change?

This is one of the things that makes flirting worthwhile: for an ex-politician, it is an unlocked door back into the American political arena.

That can mean new audiences for men used to audiences. The same College Republicans, for instance, had recently hosted a 2016 flirter whose odds are even longer than Pataki’s: former Virginia governor James Gilmore III (R). Gilmore left office in 2002.

“I mean, thank God for Wikipedia,” said UNH senior Elliot Gault, 22.

And the same kind of magic works on the news media. Before former Rhode Island governor Lincoln Chafee (D) announced he was exploring a presidential run on April 9, The Washington Post had not quoted him about anything in nine months.

In the weeks after that, The Post quoted him eight times. Er, nine.

“Clinton is just too hawkish,” Chafee said in an interview, repeating his signature attack line on the Democratic front-runner, former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton.

The other great thing about flirting is the money. While you flirt, you can raise it. And if you don’t run, you can spend it anyway.

In 1999, for instance, Pataki flirted with a campaign, then gave up and endorsed George W. Bush. In 2007, he did it again. “I was very serious about it” that time, Pataki says now. “But: Mayor Giuliani.” The former New York City mayor was in the race, and Pataki didn’t think there was room for two New Yorkers. So he got out.

Both times, Pataki raised more than $1 million in donors’ money. Both times, the New York Times reported, Pataki spent it — giving to allied Republican candidates, paying for Pataki’s travels, and paying a circle of Pataki’s own advisers, strategists and fundraisers.

“I was very serious about it,” Pataki says. “But everywhere I went, people had committed to Mitt Romney.” He pulled the plug but still raised and spent more than $600,000 via a political nonprofit.

This year, Pataki is raising money again — for a super PAC called “We the People, Not Washington.” Among those leading the fundraising are several Pataki associates who got paid from the money he raised in past flirtations. Aides wouldn’t say how much he’d raised or spent this time.

“Because he was my friend, I wouldn’t feel cheated [if Pataki didn’t run]. I’m never one to say that a guy should be a suicide lunatic,” said Peter Kalikow, a New York real estate titan who donated to Pataki’s super PAC this year. In the last presidential cycle, Kalikow was a major backer of another long shot: pizza executive Herman Cain.

Pataki’s aides said they had a strategy ready if their man really got into the race. He’ll stand out in the debates with his genial wit and executive experience. Then he’ll surge in New Hampshire, by appealing to libertarian-leaning . . .

Perhaps we’re getting ahead of ourselves.

“When I heard the name, I was like, ‘Pataki. Pataki. Pataki.’ But I didn’t know that he was the mayor of New York,” Tony Coutee, 42, a crane operator who was at the second table Pataki visited in that Manchester Chipotle, said incorrectly. After Pataki left his table, Coutee said, “I Googled him and found out.”

While the two of them were talking, Pataki was into a full-blown, campaign-style restaurant schmooze. He bumped elbows with the grill man. He walked back to greet employees in the walk-in cooler (“He just shook my hand and I said I didn’t want to be on camera, and he asked if I was on parole,” one said, bewildered.) Pataki went through the line and loudly asked if he could leave a tip.

Then he came back and sat down with Coutee and Soto. “I’m trying the chicken burrito,” Pataki told them.

The two men quickly got up to leave.

“Kinda normal,” Soto said of this only-in-flirting-season interaction, a pseudo-conversation with a pseudo-candidate, who never said what he was running for. “But abnormal.”

Anu Narayanswamy in Washington contributed to this report.",1
2617,Netanyahu scores stunning victory – but at what cost? (+video),"The Israeli leader may be able to form a more stable government than his last, but he had to run hard to the right in the campaign and reverse his stance supporting a Palestinian state.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu greets supporters at the party's election headquarters in Tel Aviv, Wednesday, March 18, 2015. Netanyahu's ruling Likud Party scored a resounding victory in the country's election, final results showed Wednesday, a stunning turnaround after a tight race that had put his lengthy rule in jeopardy.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s 11th-hour campaign decision to swerve deep into right-wing territory – reversing his support for a Palestinian state and urging supporters to counter “droves” of Arab voters – has paid off in a stunning victory.

His Likud party, trailing its leftist opponents in the final polls, not only closed the gap but surged to a six-seat victory over the Zionist Camp’s 24 seats in national elections Tuesday, according to a near-complete tally Wednesday morning.

The clear margin will almost certainly give Mr. Netanyahu a fourth term as prime minister. And while President Reuven Rivlin called Tuesday night for the two top parties to form a national unity government, both rejected the idea.

Netanyahu now looks much better positioned to build a right-wing nationalist government that would allow him to govern unfettered by the wide ideological differences that doomed his previous coalition.

“Dear friends, against all odds, we got a great victory for the Likud party,” he said in a jubilant election night speech at Likud headquarters in Tel Aviv, to chants of “Bibi! Bibi! Bibi!”

The fiercely fought campaign, which just days before the election seemed headed toward a major political upheaval, was in many ways a referendum on Netanyahu. The two main campaign slogans were, “Only Netanyahu” and “Just not Netanyahu.”

With turnout increasing to 68.4 percent, and nearly a quarter of the votes cast for Likud, the voters’ answer was clear. But the political and social cost – never mind the $60 million price-tag of holding elections – remains to be seen. Once the confetti settles, and Netanyahu turns to the task of actually trying to rule a deeply fractured country besieged by enemies, he will be facing many of the same challenges – but with few fresh ideas, and perhaps fewer friends.

“I was very disappointed with the fact that there was no real discussion about the issues,” Speaker of the Knesset Yuli Edelstein of the Likud party told reporters Tuesday night in Tel Aviv. “It was probably one of the lowest campaigns we had, and we wasted the opportunity as a country and a society, because when exactly are we going to discuss the real issues if not during an election campaign?”

Netanyahu called early elections last fall after firing two of his coalition partners, Finance Minister Yair Lapid of the Yesh Atid party and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni of the Hatnua party. He argued that he couldn’t govern effectively with such an ideological gap. One of the divisive issues was the coalition parties' opposition to a bill that would have formally identified Israel as the nation state of the Jewish people, a move some saw as undermining its democratic nature and marginalizing the country’s 20 percent Arab population.

At the time, another Netanyahu victory seemed a pretty sure bet. But Ms. Livni’s decision to partner with the Labor party’s Isaac Herzog gave the prime minister a run for his money, attracting voters with their more moderate position on Palestinians as well as their commitment to socioeconomic issues. As of the final polls last Friday, they were projected to win by three to four seats.

So Netanyahu, widely recognized even by his foes as a shrewd politician, abruptly switched tack. After weeks of promoting himself as the only leader who could protect Israel against Iran, Hamas, and the Islamic State, he started talking about the things that were hurting Likud’s traditional blue-collar base – the skyrocketing cost of housing and groceries. He vowed to appoint as finance minister Moshe Kahlon of the Kulanu party, a former Likudnik from a humble background whose monopoly-busting policies reduced charges for cellphone plans by 90 percent.

Netanyahu also openly cannibalized votes from estranged right-wing allies like Naftali Bennett’s Jewish Home party and Avigdor Lieberman’s Israel Beitenu. A day before the vote, he declared that there would be no Palestinian state on his watch, reneging on a 2009 pledge of support for the two-state solution to the Middle East conflict.

That puts him on a collision course with the Obama administration, which is already fuming over his bombastic speech to Congress two weeks ago in which he criticized a potential Iran nuclear deal. But the reversal appears to have played well with his base.

As early indications Tuesday showed an uptick in Israeli Arab voter turnout, Netanyahu warned his supporters that “Arab voters are coming out in droves to the polls,” putting a right-wing government in danger if they didn’t get out of their homes and vote.

When exit polls came in Tuesday night, it was clear that his tactics had paid off. All three Israeli TV news channels showed him pulling even with the Zionist Camp led by Mr. Herzog and Ms. Livni, with each party getting 27 of the Knesset’s 120 seats and one poll putting Likud at 28.

But only Wednesday morning was the full picture clear. With 99 percent of the votes counted, Likud is projected to get 30 seats to the Zionist Camp’s 24. Its victory came at the expense of estranged Netanyahu allies. Mr. Bennett, a rising star in the last elections, had to settle for eight seats; Mr. Lieberman was relegated to a record-low of six. Mr. Lapid of Yesh Atid, who as a rookie in 2013 captured 19 seats, also suffered and was downsized to 11.

“We had an atmosphere of a neck-and-neck race, and when you have such an atmosphere we know that … first of all you increase the turnout,” says Abraham Diskin, a political scientist and former statistician for the Central Elections Committee. “Second, the two really leading parties are gaining power from the satellite parties, and that … really happened here.”

The two ultra-Orthodox parties, Shas and United Torah Judaism, got seven and six, respectively, and could well become coalition partners for Netanyahu. He is also courting Mr. Kahlon, whose Kulanu party secured a solid 10 seats.

The Joint List, a bloc of Arab parties, made history by becoming the third-largest bloc for the first time, with 14 seats, while the left-wing Meretz party barely squeaked into the Knesset with four.

Prof. Avi Degani, a pollster and president of the Geocartography Knowledge Group, told reporters Wednesday morning that the unexpected surge from Likud was due in part to inaccurate polling that may have galvanized long-time Likud supporters who were on the fence.

“People who supported Likud got scared…. They say, I leave my fear and my inability to decide and I’m going to save the right and the Likud.”

That certainly describes voters like Ran Ohayon, who was considering abandoning Likud but changed his mind on the eve of elections.

“There’s a serious threat,” he said, sipping a foamy coffee outside a trendy Tel Aviv café on Tuesday. “We haven’t been in this situation since the [1973 Yom] Kippur War.”

“There’s a lot of people thinking like me, and you will see that in the election,” he said.

And he was right.",1
2601,Netanyahu blasts Obama's Iran nuclear deal,"Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took his protest of the Iran nuclear agreement to the U.S. airwaves on Sunday.

""This deal will both threaten us and threaten our neighbors,"" Netanyahu said on CNN's State of the Union.

Netanyahu, who also appeared on NBC's Meet The Press and ABC's This Week, said the proposal will leave Iran's nuclear infrastructure in place.

The Israeli leader spoke days after the U.S., allies and Iran reached the framework of an agreement in which the allies would reduce sanctions on Iran if it gives up the means to make nuclear weapons.

The parties will now try to work out the details of a final agreement, with a deadline of June 30.

President Obama and aides said diplomacy is the only alternative to military action against Iran's nuclear program.

In his weekend radio address, Obama said the agreement would deny Iran the plutonium and enriched uranium needed to build a nuclear weapon.

""Moreover,"" Obama said, ""international inspectors will have unprecedented access to Iran's nuclear program because Iran will face more inspections than any other country in the world, If Iran cheats, the world will know it.""

In his television appearances, Netanyahu said the United States and its allies should intensify economic sanctions on Iran in order to force it to give up more of its nuclear program. He also questioned the effectiveness of inspections, saying Iran has cheated in the past.

""I'm not trying to kill any deal,"" Netanyahu said on NBC. ""I'm trying to kill a bad deal.""

Netanyahu also said the framework will lift sanctions on Iran too quickly, improving its economy. He told ABC that Iranian leaders will use the new money ""to pump up their terror machine worldwide.""

Iran, meanwhile, says its nuclear program is designed for peaceful energy purposes, not weapons.

In his radio address, Obama said he is looking forward to the debate with critics over Iran.

""As president and commander in chief, I firmly believe that the diplomatic option — a comprehensive, long-term deal like this — is by far the best option,"" Obama said. ""For the United States. For our allies. And for the world.""",1
4579,The ultimate triumph: President Trump,"Washington (CNN) Donald Trump will become the 45th president of the United States, CNN projects, a historic victory for outsiders that represents a stunning repudiation of Washington's political establishment.

The billionaire real estate magnate and former reality star needed an almost perfect run through the swing states -- and he got it, winning Ohio, North Carolina and Florida.

The Republican swept to victory over Hillary Clinton in the ultimate triumph for a campaign that repeatedly shattered the conventions of politics to pull off a remarkable upset. Clinton conceded to Trump in the early hours of Wednesday morning.

Speaking at a victory party in New York, Trump was gracious toward Clinton and called for unity.

""We owe (Clinton) a very major debt of gratitude to her for her service to our country,"" Trump said. ""I say it is time for us to come together as one united people.""

He added: ""I pledge to every citizen of our land that I will be president for all Americans.""

Trump won with 289 electoral votes compared to 218 for Clinton, according to CNN projections.

Trump's supporters embraced his plainspoken style, assault on political correctness and vow to crush what he portrayed in the final days of his campaign as a corrupt, globalized elite -- epitomized by the Clintons -- that he claimed conspired to keep hard-working Americans down.

His winning coalition of largely white, working-class voters suggests a populace desperate for change and disillusioned with an entire generation of political leaders and the economic and political system itself.

Now, Trump faces the task of uniting a nation traumatized by the ugliest campaign in modern history and ripped apart by political divides exacerbated by his own explosive rhetoric -- often along the most tender national fault lines such as race and gender.

Trump is sure to follow his own playbook

Trump will be the first president to enter the White House with no political, diplomatic or military executive experience. His victory will send shockwaves around the world, given his sparse foreign policy knowledge, haziness over nuclear doctrine, vow to curtail Muslim immigration and disdain for US alliances that have been the bedrock of the post-World War II foreign policy.

His promises to renegotiate or dump trade deals such as NAFTA and to brand China a currency manipulator risk triggering immediate economic shocks around the globe.

Trump, 70, will be the oldest president ever sworn in for a first term and will take the helm of a nation left deeply divided by his scorched-earth campaign. His victory was built on fierce anger at the Washington establishment and political elites among his grass-roots voters, many of whom feel they are the victims of a globalized economy that has resulted in the loss of millions of jobs.

His victory ends Clinton's crusade to become the first woman to ever rise to the nation's highest office. It's a humiliating chapter in the long political career of Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton.

Trump's win also deals a painful rebuke to President Barack Obama, whom he pursued for years with his birtherism campaign built on the false premise that Obama was born outside the United States. Now Trump will have the power to eviscerate Obama's political legacy -- including the Affordable Care Act, the latter's proudest domestic achievement.

But there are deeper, more fundamental questions about Trump's presidency that will be key to his capacity to unify a deeply divided country and appeal to Americans who will feel outraged and disgusted by his victory.

He's got the attention of the whole world

Trump's campaign was built on rage, falsehoods and singling out culprits for the ills of modern America, including undocumented migrants, foreign nations such as China and Muslim immigrants.

He mocked a disabled New York Times reporter, vowed to use the power of the presidency to put Clinton in jail and pledged to sue women who accused him of sexual assault.

Trump has promised to build a wall on the southern border and make Mexico pay for it, and to deport undocumented migrants. He has vowed to reintroduce interrogation methods for terror suspects that are more extreme than waterboarding.

So the demeanor that Trump will adopt as president and the manner in which he will behave will be closely watched -- not just in the United States, but among nervous leaders abroad.

One of the many uncertainties about Trump's coming presidency is how his White House will interact with Republicans in Congress — and whether he and GOP leaders will heal their rift from the campaign.

Republicans repelled a Democratic bid to recapture the Senate, giving the GOP control over Capitol Hill and the White House.

That means it would fall to the GOP either to rubber stamp policies likely to mark a break from conservative orthodoxy or to provide a check on the power of Trump, who has shown every sign he will use executive power aggressively.

House Speaker Paul Ryan will face intense pressure from pro-Trump members of his own coalition to cooperate with the new president.

Senate Republicans, meanwhile, are likely to hold Trump's feet to the fire to ensure he lives up to his promise to appoint justices who could ensure a generational conservative majority on the U.S. Supreme Court.

Clinton apparently failed to reassemble the diverse coalition that helped Obama win the presidency in 2008 and 2012.

The events of Clinton's terrible final week on the campaign -- the revival of her email controversy by FBI Chief James Comey and a damaging drip, drip, drip of revelations by WikiLeaks which her campaign says was orchestrated by Russian intelligence -- could have helped consign her to defeat.

There also is the question of Trump's temperament. Clinton repeatedly warned that he was unfit to control the nuclear codes because he could be baited with a tweet.

Obama passionately denounced Trump as intellectually and temperamentally unfit to succeed him in the Oval Office.

But now, he will be forced to greet his successor on the morning of Inauguration Day in January, and look on while he is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States.",1
3258,Many Opt to Take Social Security Before Full Retirement Age,"Taking Social Security benefits early comes with a price, yet more than 4 in 10 Americans who are 50 and over say they'll dip into the program before reaching full retirement age.

An Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll found that 44 percent report Social Security will be their biggest source of income during their retirement years.

Full benefits begin at 65 or 66 for those born between 1943 and 1954. Americans can begin collecting as early as age 62, but with benefits reduced by up to 30 percent, according to the Social Security Administration.

""One thing we know for certain is that claiming early can have long-term repercussions on your fiscal security as you age,"" said Gary Koenig, vice president of Financial security at the AARP Public Policy Institute.

Koenig said benefits increase significantly for those who wait, rising around 8 percent more for each additional year past age 66 and up to 70, when benefits max out.

""So we encourage people to delay as long as possible,"" he said.

But waiting is a luxury many Americans don't have.

Ken Chrzastek of Chicago began drawing Social Security benefits at age 62 and pulled $50,000 out of an IRA after losing a retail job two years ago. He has been unable to find even part-time work. ""Hiring a 62-year-old is a liability for a company,"" he said.

The poll found that Americans 50 and over have multiple sources of income for retirement but that Social Security is the most common by far. Eighty-six percent say they have or will have Social Security income. More than half had a retirement account such as a 401(k), 403(b), or an IRA. Slightly less had other savings. About 43 percent had a traditional pension.

The average age at which people expect to start or have started collecting Social Security benefits is 64. Just 9 percent said they would wait until after they turned 70.

While the retirement age has been rising in recent years, particularly for women, the average American still retires relatively early, at age 64 for men and age 62 for women, according to the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College.

Charles Jeszeck, director of education, workforce and income security for the Government Accountability Office, said there is no one right answer to when people should take Social Security, especially since increases in life expectancy are not spread out evenly between the rich and poor, or between ethnic groups.

Included in any discussion about Social Security are lingering questions about its solvency.

The Social Security trust fund has been running a surplus every year since 1984. Those surpluses are forecast to stop sometime around 2020, as more boomers start claiming benefits.

The Social Security Administration says interest income from the fund should be able to bridge this gap until 2034. At that point, without changes, payments could shrink but not disappear.

Gary Burtless, a Brookings Institution economist, said that people taking benefits early — or late — should have no impact on the trust fund. ""It costs the government roughly the same amount,"" he said.

Among the presidential candidates, both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton have called for an expansion of Social Security. Donald Trump said during a debate in March, ""It's my absolute intention to leave Social Security the way it is.""

Many Americans worry that they won't have enough to live on once they stop working, the poll said.

Among those with incomes under $50,000, 58 percent say they feel more anxious than secure about the amount of savings they have for retirement. People with higher incomes appear less anxious, but still 40 percent of those with incomes of $100,000 or more worry whether their savings will be sufficient.

Alison Cowen, 57, said she doesn't see any path for her to retire_ever. ""Not unless a miracle happens,"" she laughed sarcastically. ""I just don't have enough to live on for the rest of my life.""

The poll said a quarter of workers over 50 say they never plan to retire, a sentiment more common among lower-income workers.

Cowen, a saleswoman from Albuquerque, New Mexico, said she didn't save that much when she was younger, and a messy divorce 10 years ago meant she had to start over. ""I've got $20,000 in the bank, but I would need to figure out a way increase that substantially before I could ever think of retiring,"" she said.

The AP-NORC Center survey was conducted March 8-27 by NORC at the University of Chicago, with funding from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. It involved online and telephone interviews with 1,075 people aged 50 and older nationwide, most of whom are members of NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel. Results from the full survey have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.9 percentage points.",1
777,Trump's women problem,"(CNN) The thing about women, Donald J. Trump once wrote, is that they ""have one of the great acts of all time.""

""The smart ones act very feminine and needy, but inside they are real killers,"" he continued. ""The person who came up with the expression 'the weaker sex' was either very naïve or had to be kidding. I have seen women manipulate men with just a twitch of their eye -- or perhaps another body part.""

The provocative passage, along with several others, is contained in a chapter devoted to women in Trump's 1997 book, ""The Art of the Comeback.""

His words on women have newfound relevance in 2016 as Trump's enigmatic relationship with the opposite sex is front and center in his campaign for President.

The comments play on potential vulnerabilities for his likely general election opponent -- but they also highlight Trump's own significant hurdles with female voters as he tries to win their votes in November.

He went on to connect Clinton with her husband's marital indiscretions.

In a testy exchange, he told Cuomo he raised the issue as retribution for Clinton ""playing the woman's card to the hilt"" in the campaign.

Trump raised that notion last week during his victory speech in New York, suggesting her appeal to female voters, based solely on gender, was her only asset.

""She's got nothing else going on,"" he said.

The intense scrutiny of the campaign has also renewed interest in Trump's crude banter about his sexual conquests and desires on Howard Stern's radio show.

His controversial remarks then and during the 2016 campaign have taken a toll on his image among female voters.

The women standing by him

But for all the women who have voiced their collective disapproval in polling numbers, those closest to the billionaire businessman insist he's a model husband and father -- supportive, nurturing, and empowering.

Some women who have worked for Trump offer a similar assessment: Despite his controversial public comments, he is a giving and inspirational boss, they say, and treats female employees no differently than their male counterparts.

Still, it is difficult to paint a full portrait of Trump's dealings with women, because many who have worked with him over the years have no interest in talking publicly about a candidate who has shown no hesitation in striking back at his critics.

A number of Trump's former female colleagues contacted by CNN did not return calls. Some refused to talk on the record. One prominent former Trump colleague hung up abruptly on a reporter, explaining that she had no interest in being hounded by the press.

Hence, the lingering question: What's the deal with Donald Trump and women?

The perception that Trump has a problem with females stems, in part, from high-profile clashes over the years in which he's called them names and ridiculed their appearance.

Trump has said he loves women, finds them beautiful, and is not a sexist.

Twice divorced by the time the book was published, Trump's views on women were shaped by what he saw as the aggressive behavior of females around him.

He wrote of a married socialite who propositioned him on a ballroom dance floor as her husband looked on and about a bride-to-be ""jumping on top of me wanting to get screwed"" in his limousine a week before she was due to be married.

""The level of aggression was unbelievable,"" he wrote of the dance floor incident. ""This is not infrequent, it happens all the time.""

""Their sex drive makes us look like babies,"" he wrote of women at another point in the same book.

Living up to his mother

Trump opened the chapter on women by writing that part of ""the problem"" he has with them is ""having to compare them to my incredible mother, Mary Trump.""

He recalled his mom as ""smart as hell"" and as ""a really great homemaker and wife to my father.""

He came to see his mother's supporting role as a model not just for his own situation, but for any man who wants to succeed.

""For a man to be successful he needs support at home, just like my father had from my mother, not someone who is always griping and bitching,"" he wrote. ""When a man has to endure a woman who is not supportive and complains constantly about his not being home enough or not being attentive enough, he will not be very successful unless he is able to cut the cord.""

The passage did not explore the possibility of a woman as the family's primary wage-earner.

Trump wrote that his ""big mistake"" with his first wife, Ivana, was ""taking her out of the role of wife and allowing her to run one of my casinos in Atlantic City, then the Plaza hotel.""

She did an excellent job at both, he wrote, but once she took on those roles ""work was all she wanted to talk about.""

""I will never again give a wife responsibility within my business,"" Trump wrote. ""Ivana worked very hard, and I appreciate the effort, but I soon began to realize that I was married to a business person rather than a wife.""

On the campaign trail in 2016, Trump has said his wife, Melania, would make a great first lady.

Melania Trump, a former model who has designed her own jewelry line for QVC, has emerged as an important advocate for her husband, driving the argument that he treats everyone equally.

She has spoken about the importance of her career, but described herself in an interview with Parenting Magazine as a ""full-time mom"" to her son Barron. ""That is my first job.""

Melania has tried to explain the paradox of Trump and women by saying that when her husband is attacked, ""He will attack back, no matter who you are.""

""He encourages everybody, if you're a man or a woman,"" she said during an April 12 Trump family CNN town hall.

His daughter Ivanka, a successful businesswoman in her own right, said during the CNN town hall that he taught her that there ""wasn't anything that I couldn't do if I set my mind to it."" She also praised him for hiring ""incredible female role models"" in ""the highest executive positions at the Trump organization.""

But Trump has repeatedly stumbled into controversy with his asides about women over the past year, and his approval numbers among women have spiraled downward.

The Republican Party was already facing a deficit among women voters. In 2012, Barack Obama led Mitt Romney among female voters by about 11 points -- with a particularly steep deficit among single women. (Romney beat Obama by 7 points among married women, who have generally viewed the GOP more favorably).

In a March Quinnipiac University poll, 60% of women said they would not vote for Trump in a general election -- a reflection of his poor approval ratings among women in a wide variety of national polls.

His campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, predicted Trump's image among women would improve as the campaign progressed. His aides have pointed out that he trounced his rivals among Republican women in recent GOP primaries, including Pennsylvania, Maryland and Connecticut (though that is hardly a good measure of how he would fare in a general election).

""Donald Trump's numbers are going to be strong with women because they want the same thing that everybody else wants,"" Lewandowski said in a telephone interview.

""They don't vote based on gender. They vote on competency -- and that competency includes making sure that the nation is secure, which Donald Trump has pledged he will do, making sure we don't have illegal immigrants pouring across the border, and making sure individuals have opportunities for jobs.

""Those are the things that cut across socio-economic status, they cut across gender, they cut across race.""

Beyond focusing on those broad themes, however, Trump has done little to try to shore up his weaknesses among women voters.

His various stumbles haven't helped. He angered both abortion-rights supporters and opponents, for example, when he said during an MSNBC town hall that women who have abortions should be punished if the procedure is outlawed—and then quickly reversed himself.

His personal critiques of women's looks on the campaign trail have been pointed.

When an anti-Trump super PAC cut an ad that used a revealing photo of Melania from her days as a super model, Trump blamed Cruz. ""Be Careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife,"" he tweeted.

He offended some female voters when he re-tweeted an unflattering picture of Heidi Cruz, a Goldman Sachs executive, next to Melania. ""A picture is worth a thousand words,"" the caption said.

Angered by the tweets, Cruz warned his then-adversary to ""leave Heidi the hell alone,"" and told reporters: ""Strong women scare Donald.""

Trump insisted the press stirred up the controversy. ""The media is so after me on women,"" the real estate magnate tweeted on March 26. ""Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump.""

But female voters seem increasingly skeptical as Trump prepares to take on Hillary Clinton, who is running to be the first female president.

Some women who have worked for Trump say they find it difficult to reconcile some of his statements and written opinions with the way he treated them.

Jill Cremer worked as a vice president overseeing real estate development at the Trump Organization for a decade beginning in 1998.

She said it was a hard decision to leave, and she only learned after working elsewhere just how good she'd had it.

""He was a fantastic employer,"" said Cremer, still a real-estate executive in Manhattan. ""I don't have one bad thing to say about him.""

She said Trump ran the office as a meritocracy and was refreshingly unconcerned about educational pedigrees.

Though she went to work for Trump at the relatively young age of 30, she said he put her on projects that challenged her and forced her to grow.

""He'd say, `I believe in you. I'm gonna give you this -- now go run with it,"" Cremer recalled.

""And I did it,"" she said.

Cremer said Trump has made some cringe-worthy public comments involving women over the years, but she said he never talked that way to her or in her presence.

""I don't know how to explain it,"" she said. ""But, when you're on the inside, it's different.""

Lili Amini, who manages Trump's golf club in Palos Verdes, offered a similar description of her billionaire boss.

Amini, who was identified by a Trump campaign aide as a female employee who could talk about his management style, said she met Trump in 2005 when she accompanied her father to work at the sprawling resort overlooking the Pacific Ocean. Her parents owned a flower business and maintained the plants and flowers at the Trump facility.

She was 27 at the time and studying to be a buyer in the fashion world.

She said Trump walked up and asked her father: ""Who's this?""

He introduced his daughter and the two struck up a conversation. By the end of it, Amini recalled, Trump told her: ""I want you to work here.""

She said she didn't know anything about running a food and beverage operation at the time, and didn't even know what job she was being offered. But after discussing the offer with her parents she decided it was too good to pass up.

She started out as the small events coordinator and, with Trump's mentoring and support, has worked her way to general manager.

She said Trump would periodically show up at the resort and each time he did would encourage her to learn everything she could about some new aspect of the business.

He was always encouraging, she said, and always professional. He taught her, she said, to never doubt herself. ""He's been a great motivator,"" she said. ""Impossible is never a word that I use in my vocabulary.""

Amini said Trump never made her feel like she got the job because she was a woman or that she was being second-guessed based on her gender after she rose through the ranks.

""It's just about the work,"" she said. ""It's always about the work.""

Trump received more mixed reviews from Barbara Res, who worked for Trump from 1978 to 1996 and helped oversee the construction of Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue.

Res said she had good working relationship with Trump and that it was an unusual move for him to hire her in 1978, because there were so few women working in the construction industry.

But Res, who wrote about her experiences in her book, All Alone on the 68th Floor: How One Woman Changed the Face of Construction, said Trump became less approachable and accessible over time.

In an essay for the New York Daily News, Res wrote that Trump was ""nasty to the people who work for him,"" that he could ""be very abusive and curt"" and had an ""incredible temper ... he lashes out at everyone.""

""Of all the people I know who worked for or with Trump, including contractors, lawyers, architects, employees, only a very few actually like him,"" Res wrote in the New York Daily News. ""Some respect him, some don't. Many hate his guts.""

But she said he had a good eye for talent, and had several strong women working for him in her heyday. He told her she was ""a killer"" and that wanting to be liked by her subordinates was a weakness.

""Later, he would hire and promote many people with questionable qualifications,"" Res wrote in her New York Daily News essay. ""I could see, over time, his growing need to be coddled and agreed with,"" she wrote, adding that by the 1980s, he ""had taken to decorating his office with beautiful women.""

""He changed,"" Res said in a telephone interview. ""I think it was fame and fortune, absolutely.""

In his book, Trump wrote: ""I don't know why, but I seem to bring out either the best or worst in women.""

He reiterated that ""they're really a lot different than portrayed,"" and ""far worse than men, far more aggressive.""

He praised their intelligence and said they should be saluted for their ""tremendous power, which most men are afraid to admit they have.""",1
1966,Romney moves to reassemble campaign team for ‘almost certain’ 2016 bid,"Mitt Romney is moving quickly to reassemble his national political network, calling former aides, donors and other supporters over the weekend and on Monday in a concerted push to signal his seriousness about possibly launching a 2016 presidential campaign.

Romney’s message, as he told one senior Republican, was that he “almost certainly will” make what would be his third bid for the White House. His aggressive outreach came as Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) — Romney’s 2012 vice presidential running mate and the newly installed chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee — announced Monday that he would not seek the presidency in 2016.

Romney’s activity indicates that his declaration of interest Friday to a group of 30 donors in New York was more than the release of a trial balloon. Instead, it was the start of a deliberate effort by the 2012 nominee to carve out space for himself in an emerging 2016 field also likely to include former Florida governor Jeb Bush, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker.

Romney has worked the phones over the past few days, calling an array of key allies to discuss his potential 2016 campaign. Among them was Ryan, whom Romney phoned over the weekend to inform him personally of his plans to probably run. Ryan was encouraging, people with knowledge of the calls said.

Other Republicans with whom Romney spoke recently include Sens. Kelly Ayotte (N.H.) and Rob Portman (Ohio), former Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty, Hewlett-Packard chief executive Meg Whitman, former Massachusetts senator Scott Brown, former Missouri senator Jim Talent and Rep. Jason Chaffetz (Utah).

In the conversations, Romney said he is intent on running to the right of Bush, who also is working vigorously to court donors and other party establishment figures for a 2016 bid. Romney has tried to assure conservatives that he shares their views on immigration and tax policy — and that should he enter the race, he will not forsake party orthodoxy.

On New Year’s Eve, Romney welcomed Laura Ingraham, the firebrand conservative and nationally syndicated talk-radio host, to his ski home in Deer Valley, Utah. Romney served a light lunch to Ingraham and her family as they spent more than an hour discussing politics and policy, according to sources familiar with the meeting.

“He was relaxed, reflective and was interested in hearing my thoughts on the American working class,” Ingraham said in an e-mail Monday. “He was fully engaged and up to speed on everything happening on [the] domestic and international front. To me, it didn’t seem like he was content to be just a passive player in American politics.”

Romney’s undertaking to re-engage and pursue anew the GOP’s leading financial and political players began Friday, when he told a private gathering of donors, “I want to be president.” He also told them that his wife, Ann, was “very encouraging” of another campaign.

Romney is considering attending this week’s meeting of the Republican National Committee in San Diego and is working on a new message about economic empowerment, advisers said.

“He’s a lot more focused in these calls on developing a path to victory and talking through a message, rather than talking about money,” said Spencer Zwick, Romney’s 2012 national finance chairman. “Mitt Romney has proven that he can raise the money.”

This comes as Bush — another favorite of the Republican elite — is holding meetings with party leaders and financiers as he explores his campaign. Bush and Romney have overlapping political circles.

Many of Romney’s past supporters may feel torn — not only between him and Bush but also among Christie, Walker, Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) and other Republicans who are weighing a run. Some already have publicly aligned with Bush and others.

“They’re competing hard and it’s going to get complicated for Bush,” said former Senate majority leader Trent Lott (R-Miss.). “But Romney still has to prove that he has the ability to reach out to ordinary, hardworking people and emote — smiling with one eye and crying with the other.”

Romney’s outreach extends beyond his cheerleaders to onetime foes as well. He called Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker who relentlessly attacked Romney on the stump and debate stage in 2012 during his presidential run. Gingrich said he told Romney, “There are no front-runners” in the 2016 race. “We have runners, but no front-runners.”

Romney is measuring how much of his 2012 operation would gear up behind him again. He is particularly intent on rebuilding his past political infrastructure in New Hampshire, where he owns a vacation home in Wolfeboro. The state, which holds the first presidential primary, ignited his 2012 campaign when he won it resoundingly in a crowded field.

As of Monday, Romney had secured the backing of his top two New Hampshire-based advisers, Thomas D. Rath and Jim Merrill.

“He called me right after the Patriots beat the Ravens, so we were both in good moods,” Merrill said. “It was a good conversation. He was very clear that he is seriously considering a run. I’ve been with Mitt Romney since March 2006, so if he decides to do it, I’ll be there for him.” Rath, a former New Hampshire state attorney general, concurred in a separate interview: “I’ve been with Mitt Romney for eight years. If he’s in, I’ll make the coffee or drive the car — whatever he needs.”

Romney also has called Brown, who ran unsuccessfully for Senate from New Hampshire in 2014, as well as former governor John Sununu, who was a surrogate for Romney in 2012 but has close ties to the Bush family after serving as chief of staff under then-president George H.W. Bush.

Judd Gregg, a former U.S. senator from New Hampshire who backed Romney in 2008 and 2012, said, “He’s reaching out to people. My sense is he feels strongly he has an opportunity to do what was incomplete last time. He figures there’s a lot of buyer’s remorse now and that his message is a good message and it’ll resonate.”

Romney is also paying attention to Iowa, which holds the first-in-the-nation caucuses, calling his former Iowa strategist, David Kochel. Romney, however, has not connected with Iowa Republican Sens. Charles E. Grassley or Joni Ernst. “I haven’t talked to him in two years,” Grassley said Monday.

One Romney adviser, who requested anonymity to speak candidly, said, “Mitt’s a very restless character. He is not the type to retire happily, to read books on the beach. . . . He believes he has something to offer the country and the only way he can do that is by running for president again.”

Sen. John McCain (Ariz.), the GOP presidential nominee in 2008, was skeptical of a Romney candidacy and endorsed the idea of a “dark horse” run by his longtime friend in the Senate, Lindsey O. Graham (S.C.).

Eric Fehrnstrom, a former Romney spokesman, ticked through issues that he said were motivating Romney to try again. “At home our economy is still not as strong as it could be,” he said. “Long-term growth is in doubt. And around the world there’s really deep concern that America’s leadership has unraveled and hostile forces have filled that vacuum.”

Romney’s national finance network — which raised roughly $1 billion on his behalf for the 2012 campaign — came alive in the hours after he declared his interest in a 2016 bid.

“When the news broke Friday, my phone started blowing up with texts, calls and e-mails from people that had donated to the campaign before and pledging their help,” said Travis Hawkes, a Republican donor in Idaho who served on Romney’s national finance council. “They say, ‘Let me know when you need my credit card number.’ My response to everyone has been, ‘Let’s just slow down and see what happens.’ ”

“I don’t know, man, it’s a free country,” McCain said of a possible Romney campaign in 2016. “I thought there was no education in the second kick of a mule. . . . I respect his judgment, he’s a strong leader.”

Dan Balz, Matea Gold and Paul Kane contributed to this report.",1
4255,"MSNBC, DNC reach deal to host Democratic debate in New Hampshire","The tentative deal reached this weekend between the presidential campaigns of Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders includes a debate Thursday at the University of New Hampshire in Durham.

MSNBC announced Sunday it will host the debate, scheduled for 9 p.m. Eastern with Chuck Todd and Rachel Maddow moderating. New Hampshire's first-in-the nation primary is Feb. 9.

Clinton and Sanders are in a tight race before Monday's Iowa caucuses, and Clinton trails the Vermont senator in New Hampshire, raising the possibility that the Democratic front-runner could lose the first two contests. Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley has trailed them by wide margins.

The Democratic National Committee says it's reached an agreement in principal to have the party sanction and manage more debates during the primary schedule, including the New Hampshire debate.",1
293,"Understanding John Boehner, reluctant ringleader of GOP shutdown politics (+video)","With House Republicans pushing for a government shutdown over Planned Parenthood, Speaker John Boehner's leadership is again under scrutiny – and under fire.

House Speaker John Boehner (R) of Ohio holds a news conference following a House Republican caucus meeting at the Capitol in Washington earlier this month. REUTERS/

House Speaker John Boehner likes to say he learned all the skills he needs for his current job during his childhood years in Ohio – mopping floors in his dad's bar and growing up with 11 brothers and sisters. In a two-bedroom house. With one bathroom.

That’s got to teach a person patience, and the Republican speaker has an abundance of it. Some say too much, especially when it comes to the latitude he gives his rebellious right-wing faction – such as right now.

With just 10 days before the federal government runs out of money, GOP hardliners are threatening the second widespread government shutdown in two years, this time over federal funding for Planned Parenthood.

They’re also considering a rare maneuver to oust Mr. Boehner from the speaker’s chair. It’s not the first time they’ve plotted to get rid of him.

Yet Boehner – “the coolest cucumber I know,” as one of his colleagues puts it – has been calmly exploring the options as the GOP leadership holds more than a half dozen “listening” sessions with members of the divided caucus. He still hasn’t found a funding solution that will satisfy everyone. He might not be able to. But pushing and prodding in his own unperturbed way, he won't stop trying.

“What Boehner does is, he’s very patient. He lets things play out for a while. He doesn’t get mad…. Sometimes that works and sometimes it doesn’t,” says John Feehery, former spokesman for Denny Hastert, the longest serving Republican speaker.

It’s the tactics – not the ideology – that separate the speaker from his right flank. In 2013, when tea partyers forced a 16-day partial government shutdown over Obamacare, Boehner was as opposed to the Affordable Care Act as they were.

But he repeatedly warned against a shutdown. Failing to persuade, he eventually joined in, leading the way on several measures to delay or defund the president’s signature domestic program. On Day 16, after having exhausted all his options, he gave up the fight – and received a standing ovation from his caucus, hardliners included, for his efforts.

As he explained to the former late-night television host Jay Leno last year, “You learn that a leader without followers is simply a man taking a walk.”

This time, Boehner is again in lockstep with the right flank on the substance of the issue. Videos showing officials of Planned Parenthood, a women’s health provider, discussing the sale of aborted fetus parts for scientific research are “gruesome,” he has said, and the federal government should stop funding the group.

Yet neither he nor Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell (R) of Kentucky want to shut down the government over it. Trying to defund Planned Parenthood with a Democratic president in the White House is an “exercise in futility,” as Senator McConnell put it.

At a closed-door GOP caucus meeting last week, the House leadership shared internal polling that showed that two-thirds of respondents in 18 GOP swing districts oppose shutting the government to try to stop funding Planned Parenthood, according to Politico. In 2013, the GOP’s approval ratings plummeted in the wake of the shutdown.

That doesn’t mean much to Rep. John Fleming (R) of Louisiana, who belongs to the House Freedom Caucus, a group of more than 40 hardliners formed this year to challenge the GOP leadership. Congressman Fleming says he’s one of 31 members who have pledged not to vote for legislation – be it a short-term or long-term budget – that funds Planned Parenthood. “That’s my conscience vote.”

And so the speaker has been patiently rolling out other options – investigations of Planned Parenthood in the House, legislation to freeze funding for the organization, and an abortion-related bill. Both bills passed the GOP-controlled House on Friday, but will be blocked by Senate Democrats.

And that’s where another leadership proposal comes in. In order to actually get a defunding bill to the president’s desk, they’ve proposed using a legislative process known as “budget reconciliation” that only needs a majority vote to pass. It would get to the president all right, but he would veto it.

Hardliners say they aren’t interested in this “show vote.” Instead they seem determined to press for the shutdown, and try to put the blame on the president.

As the speaker cycles through his options and the calendar clicks closer to a shutdown, some of his allies are getting frustrated with the repeated clashes. There was another one earlier this year over immigration and funding for the Department of Homeland Security.

Boehner supporter Rep. Devin Nunes (R) of California calls the hardliners “right-wing Marxists” who use extreme tactics to promote themselves – and then offer no realistic, alternative plans. The speaker, he says with exasperation, “let’s these guys get away with everything.”

Take the case of Rep. Mark Meadows (R) of North Carolina, who in July filed a rare motion to “vacate the chair” and call a new election for the speakership. Such a move hasn’t been tried in 105 years – and it didn’t succeed then.

The speaker could have killed off the Meadows resolution in the Rules Committee, which the speaker controls – but he didn’t. He could have brought it immediately to the floor for a vote he would have won, and stamped out the spark before it caught fire – as some of his allies urged. He didn’t.

""He chose not to press his advantage and divide his caucus,"" said Rep. Tom Cole (R) of Oklahoma.

In July, Boehner called the Meadows move “no big deal,” but right-wingers are talking about returning to it after the pope’s visit this week. It is unlikely to succeed but nothing is certain.

Intraparty division is not new in Congress, says former House historian Ray Smock. He recalls the civil rights era, when both parties had deeply divided caucuses. But this is different, he says, because of the uncompromising wing of Boehner’s party.

“I think Boehner is seriously trying to run the House the way it’s supposed to be run, but this has been a losing proposition for him since the advent of the tea party,” says Mr. Smock. “You’ve got an awful lot of members in that caucus that don’t really care that government functions well. They’re elected as antigovernment people.”

Which raises the question: What’s the point of patience with recalcitrants?

Mr. Feehery says the free rein Boehner gave the tea partyers during the last shutdown could have been meant as a learning experience for them – but it simply emboldened them. Now it’s time for the speaker to make an example of a few people “and just kick them out of the conference.”

But then, Feehery admits, right-wing media would have a field day with that, and so would the “antiestablishment” presidential candidates.

And that’s not the Boehner way. “Members get not just second and third chances, they get repeated chances to operate as members of the team,” says Congressman Cole, a Boehner ally.

One thing’s certain: Democrats will not agree to defund Planned Parenthood. Boehner knows that. Eventually, he’ll have to work with Democrats to pass a “clean” funding bill that leaves the women’s health care provider alone.

What happens between now and then, though, is anybody’s guess.",1
4287,Bob Dole on Ted Cruz: 'Nobody likes him',"Bob Dole said Wednesday that Ted Cruz at the top of the GOP ticket would mean ""wholesale losses"" for the party in Washington and across the country.

“I don’t know how he’s going to deal with Congress,” Dole said in an interview with The New York Times. “Nobody likes him.”

Dole, a former Kansas senator, was the Republican Party's presidential nominee in 1996.

Donald Trump would ""probably work with Congress,"" though, Dole mused, because he's ""kind of a deal maker.""

Dole characterized Cruz as an ""extremist"" unwilling to work with his own party. The Times' Maggie Haberman notes that Dole's comments reflect a larger tension that establishment Republicans feel with Cruz, who portrays himself on the campaign trail as their antithesis.

Last month, Dole told MSNBC that he might oversleep and not vote next November were Cruz the Republican nominee.

Dole also lamented Wednesday that Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor he supports for president, still ""needs to break out,"" and that moderate Republicans seem to have had a tougher time reaching voters this cycle.

Should Hillary Clinton take on Cruz in a general election, she'd win easily, he said.

So who could stop Cruz from getting the nomination?

""I think it's Trump,"" Dole told the Times.

A Cruz aide sought to capitalize on Dole's take on the race by branding him as an ""establishment icon"" who favored Trump over the Texas senator — an effort to cast Cruz as the true outsider candidate in the field.",1
1955,Election 2016: Rand Paul poised to launch campaign,"Watch ""The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer"" Wednesday at 5 p.m. ET for an interview with Rand Paul.

Louisville, Kentucky (CNN) For Rand Paul, it's all led to this moment.

Since riding the tea party wave into the Senate in 2010, Paul has carefully built a brand of mainstream libertarianism -- dogged advocacy of civil liberties combined with an anti-interventionist foreign policy and general support for family values -- that he bets will create a coalition of younger voters and traditional Republicans to usher him into the White House.

The test of that theory began Tuesday when the Kentucky senator made official what has been clear for years: He's running for president.

""Today I announce with God's help, with the help of liberty lovers everywhere, that I'm putting myself forward as a candidate for president of the United States of America,"" Paul said at a rally in Louisville.

Paul immediately hit the campaign trail for a four-day swing through New Hampshire, South Carolina, Iowa and Nevada -- the states that traditionally vote first in the primaries and caucuses.

In his speech, he called for reforming Washington by pushing for term limits and a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. He argued that both parties are to blame for the rising debt, saying it doubled under a Republican administration and tripled under Obama.

""Government should be restrained and freedom should be maximized,"" he said.

The line-up of speakers who introduced Paul sought to paint the senator as a nontraditional candidate with diverse appeal, and by the time he got on stage, he was the first white man to address the crowd.

The speakers included J.C. Watts, a former congressman who's African-American; state Sen. Ralph Alvarado, who's Hispanic; local pastor Jerry Stephenson, who's African American and a former Democrat; and University of Kentucky student Lauren Bosler.

""He goes everywhere. It doesn't matter what color you are. Rand Paul will be there,"" Stephenson said, firing up the crowd.

So far, Paul joins only Texas Sen. Ted Cruz as a declared candidate for the GOP presidential nomination. ""His entry into the race will no doubt raise the bar of competition,"" Cruz said in a statement welcoming Paul into the race.

But the field is certain to grow in the months ahead with Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, Scott Walker, Lindsey Graham and others eyeing a campaign. Marco Rubio, a Florida GOP senator, is expected to launch his campaign next week.

Bush, who said his 2016 decision is a ""while off,"" told reporters in Colorado Springs on Tuesday that ""libertarianism definitely has a place in the GOP"" but stressed that he differs with Paul on foreign policy.

For now, the nomination is up for grabs with no clear front-runner. Paul came in third place at 12% in a CNN/ORC International Poll of Republicans. Bush led the pack at 16% while Walker came in second at 13%.

But Paul, 52, will split from his father in one important way: his approach to the campaign. Where Ron Paul often focused on creating a libertarian movement, Rand Paul is planning a more strategic, less purist operation that could have a hope of competing in a general election.

The elder Paul sat on stage at the rally on Tuesday with his wife, though he's not expected to be a public face for his son's campaign. He merely attended the event as a ""proud papa,"" a source close to the senator said.

Elected in 2010 with strong tea-party support, Rand Paul quickly rose to national fame in part due to his father's back-to-back White House runs in 2008 and 2012, but also because of Rand Paul's willingness to fight fellow Republicans.

He engaged in a war of words with Chris Christie two years ago over national security and federal spending and, more recently, he's taken swipes at Bush over issues like Common Core and medical marijuana.

While he bills himself as a conservative realist, Paul still tries to wear the mantle as the Republican most reluctant to take the country into war.

The cautious foreign policy dance has drawn criticism from his father's supporters, who say Paul has become too moderate, and from hawkish Republicans who fear he wouldn't go far enough as commander in chief to tackle problems overseas. Democrats and some Republicans, meanwhile, have accused him of flip-flopping and pandering to donors.

On Tuesday, the Foundation for a Secure & Prosperous America -- a hawkish group from the right -- released a $1 million television ad buy against Paul's foreign policy, which hits the airwaves nationally on cable, as well as in the key early states that Paul will visit this week.

Paul had been silent on the Iran deal until his speech on Tuesday, when he vowed to oppose any deal that doesn't guarantee Iran gives up its nuclear ambition.

He also sought to sound aggressive on terrorism. ""The enemy is radical Islam and not only will I name the enemy, I will do what ever it takes to defend America from these haters of mankind,"" he said.

In an interview later Tuesday, Paul argued that the ad was ""crazy"" and represented what he called the ""the naivety of the neocons.""

""These loud, sort of juvenile voices putting pictures of bombs on ads, these are the people who are so reckless that it would be a grave danger to our country to ever have these people in charge of our country,"" he said in an interview with Sean Hannity on Fox News.

In the same interview, Paul also weighed in for the first time on the religious freedom debate that took center stage last week after an Indiana law -- which has since been changed-- came under fire for what critics said was discrimination against gay and lesbian couples getting married.

The 2016 Republican field largely came out in defense of the law, standing by the rights of small business owners such as florists and bakers to decline participating in same-sex weddings. Paul said he felt the law was ""unnecessary"" and that the country's founding fathers would be ""aghast"" that laws needed to be in place to protect religious rights.

""That being said,"" he added. ""I think the law ought to be neutral and we shouldn't treat people unfairly.""

Asked which takes precedence, religious liberty or same-sex marriage rights, Paul said, ""freedom.""

""I don't think you can have coercion in a free society very well,"" he said. ""So I would think we ought to try freedom in most of these things.""

Paul is actually running for two offices at the same time, trying to hold onto his Senate seat while also running for president. Kentucky's election laws say candidates can't appear on a ballot twice, but with reluctant support from McConnell, a Kentucky powerhouse, the state's GOP will likely change its presidential preference vote from a primary to a caucus. That would allow Paul to get around the rule.

His interest in the Oval Office has never really been a secret. Shortly after the 2012 presidential election, he started crisscrossing the country to paint himself as a nontraditional Republican eager to court voters who don't typically live and vote in red areas.

He spoke at historically black colleges and universities, as well as Democratic strongholds like inner city Detroit and the University of California, Berkeley, focusing on criminal justice reform and civil liberties, two issues he believes can bring more people into the Republican Party.

""Liberal policies have failed our inner cities,"" he said Tuesday. ""Our schools are not equal and the poverty gap continues to widen.""

But Democrats are eager to paint Paul as another member of the ""same old Republican Party.""

""On issue after issue his policies are the same as the rest of the GOP, but even more extreme, and will turn back the clock on the progress we have made,"" said Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz in a statement.

As one of the few national politicians who went to Ferguson, Missouri, Paul frequently boasts that there is no ""bigger defender of minority rights in the Congress"" than himself.

He's steered clear of such hot-button issues more recently. Last week, for example, he was one of the few Republicans who didn't weigh in on religious freedom laws in Indiana and Arkansas that critics argued would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians.

Paul has also worked to maintain a following that includes a large swath of young voters who he partly inherited from his father. Heavy on tech and social media, his political team has opened an office in Austin, Texas, and will soon establish one in the heart of Silicon Valley. Like clockwork, Paul frequently holds up his phone during his stump speech and declares that what people do on their smartphones is ""none of the government's damn business.""

His nontraditional style is complemented by Paul's wardrobe. The senator is known for wearing blue jeans with boots and a blazer when he's on the trail, and during the winter, he opts for a turtleneck and sport coat rather than a tie.

And while he's not media shy—he's given hundreds of interviews in the past year alone—Paul can get short-tempered with reporters. He shushed a female interviewer in February, and last fall he blew up at a reporter who asked a question about foreign aid to Israel.",1
239,Paul Ryan will face 'monumental obstacles' as speaker,"After he managed to win support from his warring caucus, the full House is expected to elect Ryan as speaker on Thursday. But he won't have much time to celebrate, because he will immediately confront a series of divisive issues that could undermine his hold on the speakership just as he reaches the pinnacle of his career.

At the heart of the list: fiscal fights that have badly divided the GOP since it took control of the House in the 2010 elections. Congress must raise the national borrowing ceiling -- or risk the first-ever default on U.S. debt -- by November 3 and then pivot to a high-stakes debate over funding the government the following month.

The outgoing speaker, John Boehner of Ohio, is trying to take the debt limit off the table for Ryan, but he's running into familiar obstacles that could force the Wisconsin Republican to deal with the matter after he takes the top job.

""If you think about what the debt is -- it's what happened in the past -- so I think that the speaker is trying to clean that up for before he leaves,"" Republican Rep. Tom Rooney of Florida told reporters, but he admitted that might not be possible with time running out before Boehner's last day at the end of this week.

And Ryan will soon command the lead House GOP role in budget talks with the White House -- a discussion centered on raising domestic and defense spending by roughly $76 billion, and one bound to anger the same conservatives the likely new speaker wooed last week. President Barack Obama and Democrats on the Hill are insisting that any increase in national security spending be matched dollar for dollar with more money for domestic programs.

But a deal with the White House could undermine the pledge Ryan has privately been making: that he would restore ""regular order"" and let congressional committees drive policy -- not the speaker's office.

Rep. Mark Sanford, a South Carolina Republican and member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, told CNN that if Ryan agrees to get rid of budget caps it will be a ""mixed bag"" since it will please defense hawks but anger small-government conservatives.

""I suspect it would stir up the rank and file. And when you get the rank and file at the grass-roots level, other folks get stirred up within the conference,"" Sanford said.

Sources familiar with the leadership discussions with the White House say there remains a possibility of a deal to scrap the automatic cuts known as sequestration for one year, but the two sides still are not in agreement over how to pay for the spending increases.

Moreover, everything is on hold until House Republicans try to raise the debt ceiling this week -- and there is no consensus within the ranks on how to proceed. Senate Republicans want to extend the debt ceiling until 2017 to take the issue off the table during an election year. House Republicans were forced last week to pull back a proposal crafted by a group of conservatives, that conditioned any debt increase to more spending cuts and a regulatory freeze, because it didn't have enough support to pass. GOP leaders are still trying to come up with a proposal that includes some type of reforms their members can point to in return for increasing the nation's borrowing authority.

All but two House Democrats signed a letter to Boehner on Friday demanding he move a ""clean"" extension of the debt limit -- one without conditions -- and warning that ""failing to do so will plunge the nation into default for the first time in American history, risking economic catastrophe.""

But some House Republicans say that a short-term increase should be pursued, potentially putting the issue in Ryan's lap.

Rep. David Brat, the Virginia Republican who unseated then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor last year, said Ryan should pair a debt ceiling increase with dollar-for-dollar spending cuts -- an idea Democrats strongly reject.

""Leadership promised the American people that,"" Brat said. ""We don't want to go back on that if we give our word.""

Rooney said it's possible that leaders could be forced again to take up a clean debt limit to avoid a default. While he'll oppose that approach, and noted Ryan voted against it last time, the Florida Republican said no one should blame Ryan for the struggle to avoid an economic crisis.

""If you really hold Paul Ryan responsible for a clean debt limit vote in his first day on the job, I think that's a little unfair to say that that's on him, especially since he's worked so hard at the issues which really do directly deal with the debt and trying to fix that problem,"" Rooney said.

Yet if Ryan or Boehner try to jam a debt ceiling bill through, they can expect outrage from their right flank.

""I can't vote for a bill dropped on my desk 24 hours before the vote,"" said Rep. Mick Mulvaney, R-South Carolina, a member of the House Freedom Caucus.",1
2623,7 Times Obama Failed to Support Israel,Should the U.S. Continue to Support Israel?,1
3164,"Trump, RNC announce joint fundraising deal","The move will help Trump consolidate the Republican Party apparatus under his leadership now that he has become the party's presumptive presidential nominee.

It marks an official departure from Trump's claim that he's self-funding his campaign, and allows him to repay himself for the money he has already spent, if he chooses to do so.

Under the deal, the Trump campaign and the RNC will establish two committees: Trump Victory and the Trump Make America Great Again Committee.

Trump Victory -- for which the maximum contribution is $449,400 -- will benefit 11 states whose Republican parties are part of the agreement: Arkansas, Connecticut, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Jersey, New York, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia and Wyoming.

Notably absent from that list: swing states. The only big general election battleground included is Virginia. The agreement doesn't cover states like Ohio, Florida and Colorado, where the race could be won or lost. Helping Trump Victory will be Lew Eisenberg, the RNC's finance chairman. He'll work with Trump finance chairman Steve Mnuchin. ""Lew Eisenberg is going to do an outstanding job leading this effort,"" RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement announcing the deal. ""Lew has already helped the RNC raise a record $135 million in support this cycle, and I have every confidence his track record of success will continue in this new role."" The Trump Make America Great Again Committee is a joint fundraising committee between the RNC and Trump's campaign. Joint fundraising committees are a regular part of the presidential election process. Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton has announced similar groups with the Democratic National Committee. The biggest benefit of the joint committees is that they allow donors to write checks much larger than the $2,700 limit for individual candidates. The joint fundraising agreement's structure will allow Trump to raise money not just for the general election, but for the primary -- taking advantage of a window to bring in extra money before he officially accepts the GOP's nomination. That could potentially allow Trump -- who regularly boasted that he was self-funding his campaign -- to reimburse himself for some of the millions of dollars he shelled out during his primary election fight. Trump, however, said on Wednesday that he has ""absolutely no intention of paying myself back for the nearly $50 million dollars I have loaned to the campaign."" It's not unusual to see states that aren't up for grabs in November included in joint agreements, because federal law limits the amount donors can give to $10,000 per state under such deals -- which means the more states that are included, the more money the candidate and the party can ask from each donor. Candidates also tend to include state parties they have strong relationships with as another way to exert control over the money raised. For instance, Mitt Romney's joint fundraising agreement in 2012 funneled money to Utah and Massachusetts -- states where Romney owned homes and had existing relationships. The $449,4000 limit includes a maximum limit of $2,700 for the Trump campaign's general election fund, $33,400 for the RNC, $110,000 for the 11 state parties and hundreds of thousands of dollars for party's building, legal and convention funds. ""We are pleased to have this partnership in place with the national party,"" Trump said in a statement. ""By working together with the RNC to raise support for Republicans everywhere, we are going to defeat Hillary Clinton, keep Republican majorities in Congress and in the states, and Make America Great Again.""",1
3330,State Dept. Admits Official Censored Sensitive Iran Nuclear Deal Video,"WASHINGTON - A State Department official deliberately cut several minutes of videotape from a news briefing dealing with sensitive questions about U.S.-Iranian nuclear negotiations before posting the footage to its website and YouTube, the agency said Wednesday.

In the Dec. 2, 2013, briefing, a reporter asked about the department's denial earlier that year of secret talks between Washington and Tehran. Those discussions had been periodically occurring and eventually led to a breakthrough, seven-nation nuclear deal.

Is the State department lying about the Iran nuclear deal? Jerusalem Bureau Chief Chris Mitchell weighed in on Facebook LIVE.

Then-spokeswoman Jen Psaki responded at the briefing: ""There are times where diplomacy needs privacy.""

But the exchange wasn't on video the department posted on its website and YouTube, even if it remained in the official transcript and backup video for broadcasters. Fox News discovered the discrepancy last month.

On Wednesday, the State Department's current spokesman John Kirby said someone had censored the video intentionally. He said he couldn't find out who was responsible, but described such action as unacceptable.

""Deliberately removing a portion of the video was not and is not in keeping with the State Department's commitment to transparency and public accountability,"" he told reporters.

Kirby said he learned that on the same day of the 2013 briefing, a video editor received a call from a State Department public affairs official who made ""a specific request ... to excise that portion of the briefing."" The video editor no longer remembers the name of the person who called, he said.

As a result, ""we do not know who made the request to edit the video or why it was made,"" he told reporters.

While the State Department previously suggested a ""glitch"" occurred, the sensitivity of the removed portion raised questions.

The reporter, Fox News' James Rosen, started his inquiry by referencing an earlier Feb. 6, 2013, briefing in which State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said no intermittent conversations were occurring between Obama administration and Iranian officials in one-to-one format, outside of larger multilateral gatherings.

Eight months later, those gatherings had become public after reporting by The Associated Press and other media. And Rosen asked Psaki if her predecessor was speaking truthfully.

Upon learning of the video's editing, Kirby said he ordered the original video restored on all platforms and asked the State Department's legal adviser to examine the matter. He said no further investigation will be made, primarily because no rules were in place against such actions.

Kirby said he has ordered new rules created to prevent a recurrence.

Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.",1
600,"Election results: Bevin wins in Kentucky, Ohio rejects pot","(CNN) Matt Bevin, the controversial Kentuckian who attempted to dethrone Sen. Mitch McConnell last year and has vowed to eliminate the state's Obamacare programs, orchestrated a remarkable political comeback on Tuesday to win the state's governorship.

In an upset victory by a surprisingly large margin, Bevin bested Kentucky Attorney General Jack Conway, a Democrat, in the contest.

Bevin, a Republican often at odds with more mainstream elements of his party, solidly beat Conway 53%-44% in a race that Bevin was not expected to win by any significant margin.

The wealthy businessman has pledged to shutdown the state's healthcare exchange and he's also expressed concerns about the expansion of Medicaid in Kentucky under the Affordable Care Act.

In Mississippi, incumbent Republican Gov. Phil Bryant easily won his re-election against Democrat Robert Gray, a truck driver. The contest was pushed to the background, however, by a clash over a constitutional amendment that would allow voters to sue the state to boost funding for public schools.

In Virginia, Democrats failed to capture control of the state Senate, where Republicans maintained the same narrow 21-19 majority they held before the election. Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe had campaigned aggressively in the run up to Tuesday's elections, seeking to flip control of the senate in order to advance key parts of his legislative agenda, in particular an expansion of Medicaid, and to build support for his longtime ally Hillary Clinton before 2016.

Meanwhile, heated debate surrounding an effort to defeat a LGBT rights law in Texas could become hot fodder for the presidential candidates, a billionaire is backing a major effort to protect big game, and voters in Seattle are weighing a unique answer to the problem of money in politics.

Here are some of the issues being decided Tuesday and that are sure to be dissected in the aftermath as pols, pundits and the press look for clues to what the results all mean in the 2016 contest for the White House:

In Ohio, which was weighing a series of ballot initiatives that could have paved the way to the legalization of recreational marijuana, voters turned down the measure, CNN projects. Issue 3 would have effectively given a few businessmen a monopoly on cultivating the drug, which would have been sold at a limited number of places for sale in the state.

Nick Lachey, the onetime lead singer of 98 Degrees, and other investors are behind ResponsibleOhio, the group that was pushing an initiative to legalize marijuana for recreational use in the Buckeye State.

""The people of Ohio have understandably rejected a deeply flawed, monopolistic approach to marijuana reform that failed to garner broad support from advocates or industry leaders,"" said one of those advocacy groups, The National Cannabis Industry Association. ""This debate has shown that there is a strong base of support for legalizing, taxing, and regulating marijuana.""

Also on the pot front, Colorado voters are deciding what they want to do with the millions in revenue raised from its sale -- return the funds to taxpayers or use it to pay for school construction and other things.

CNN projects Houston voters will reject the ""Houston Equal Rights Ordinance,"" a measure designed to protect lesbian, gay and transgender people. The ballot issue drew national attention, with conservative opponents claiming the law would allow troubled men to go into women's restrooms and locker rooms.

On Tuesday afternoon, the Clinton campaign joined the fray, responding to a baiting tweet from Texas Gov. Greg Abbott, a Republican, that urged Houston to ""vote Texas values, not @HillaryClinton values.""

The law passed by the city last year to protect lesbian, gay and transgender people, but Tuesday's vote repealed it.

In recent months, the campaign to undo HERO has become a focal point for the right, which has spent millions and recruited an assortment of local celebrities to their cause, including former Houston Astros star outfielder Lance Berkman.

""My wife and I have four daughters,"" Berkman said in an ad paid for by the Campaign for Houston PAC, which is seeking to repeal HERO. ""Proposition One would allow troubled men to enter women's public bathrooms, showers and locker rooms.""

Supporters of the ordinance bristled at the claim, calling it fear-mongering against transgender men and women.

How would you like some coupons to spend on your favorite candidate?

That's what Seattle voters will now receive after the successful passage of the ""Honest Elections"" referendum, which was introduced to diminish the influence of money in politics.

""Initiative 122"" will radically transform the financing of local campaigns. Under the measure, voters will each be given $100 in ""democracy vouchers"" -- four each, at $25 per -- to be shelled out to the candidates of their choice.

It will also lower donation caps, ban contributions from corporations with significant city business interests, increase transparency and increase fines for electoral wrongdoing. Furthermore, officials who leave office will be required to spend three years on the sidelines before becoming eligible to register as lobbyists.

This one's for Cecil the Lion, the big Zimbabwean cat killed in July by a dentist on safari from Minnesota.

Washington state's Initiative Measure 1401, which was resoundingly passed by a greater than 2-to-1 margin Tuesday night, criminalizes ""selling, purchasing, trading, or distributing certain animal species threatened with extinction,"" raising the bar beyond where laws already on the books in New York, New Jersey and California have previously gone to protect big game.

The measure is the brainchild of billionaire Paul Allen, a Microsoft co-founder, who has sunk millions of dollars of his own money into the campaign.

Opponents, including the ""Legal Ivory Rights Coalition,"" had knocked the proposal for going too far. The group's website blared ""It's Not What They Say It Is!"" warning that grandmas looking to pass along their ""antique"" ivory will be made into criminals under the measure.

Not complaining about the initiative's passage: Elephants and rhinoceroses -- often hunted for the ivory in their tusks and horns -- along with lions, tigers, leopards, cheetahs, marine turtles and sharks that are among the threatened species that supporters say would be helped by the referendum.

On the other hand, Texans with a taste for ""hunting, fishing and harvesting"" got a constitutional boost on Tuesday, as voters there resoundingly passed Proposition 6.

The amendment makes it more difficult for activist groups to push through new legislation or regulations aimed at expanding protections for animals or delicate ecosystems. The NRA lead the way in lobbying for its passage, with groups like the ""Dallas Safari Club"" also boosting the cause.

With the measure's passage, Texas became the 19th state to guarantee its residents a constitutional right to hunt and kill almost all manner of wildlife and the freedom to catch and ""bag"" as many fish as they can haul back home.

Airbnb, a vanguard of the so-called ""sharing economy,"" won a decisive victory in Tuesday's elections when San Francisco voters rejected a measure that would have critically limited the company's ability to operate in the city following a furious lobbying effort from proponents of both sides.

Referred to as ""Prop. F,"" the defeated measure proposed a citywide ban on what are known as ""short-term rentals."" If successful, Prop. F would have effectively crippled Airbrb, the profitable hub for homeowners and renters who profit from leasing out rooms or houses to travelers for below market rates, in its hometown.

The company had locked horns with the left over the measure, which activists supported amid growing tension over the lack of affordable housing in a city wracked by skyrocketing real estate prices. Rent and home sale prices in San Francisco have shot up in recent years, along with evictions, and critics say the fault lies, at least in part, with wealthy buyers who purchase housing for the express purpose of leasing it out for a quick profit.

But for now, at least, Airbnb will be able to remain in its home.",1
5249,Paul Manafort resigns as Trump campaign chairman after Breitbart shake-up,"After a week of horrible headlines, Paul Manafort abruptly resigned as chairman of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign this morning. So much for a Friday news dump.

Trump’s second campaign chief had already been effectively booted from his top role after Trump decided to bring in Breitbart News boss Stephen Bannon as his new campaign CEO and Republican pollster Kellyanne Conway as campaign manager over the weekend.

The trouble for Manafort, who replaced first Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski earlier this summer, really began in earnest with Trump’s attacks on a Muslim American Gold Star family. Manafort, a longtime Republican player who has spent the last couple of decades lobbying on behalf of foreign dictators, was brought on by the campaign to deal with a possible contested convention. But the less than star-studded affair featured the prominent non-endorsement from former rival Ted Cruz and was bested by a Democratic convention that set-off a days long attack on the Khan family. Hardly a good look for Trump, by nearly all accounts.

Manafort’s days reportedly grew numbered as Trump became enraged that his campaign was unable to mobilize Republican support over his attack on the Khans.

As reports of Manafort’s connections to the Kremlin through his work with the pro-Russian Ukrainian government of Victor Yanukovych grew more troublesome, Trump moved to undercut the veteran political operative. In one week, there were reports that Manafort was listed on a secret ledger as having received $12.7 million in under-the-table payments, that he played a key role in fomenting pro-annexation sentiments in Crimea ahead of the Russian invasion, and that he illegally funneled foreign cash towards pro-Putin lobbying efforts in the U.S.

Trump thanked Manafort for the contributions he made during his three months leading the campaign in a statement Friday. “I am very appreciative for his great work in helping to get us where we are today, and in particular his work guiding us through the delegate and convention process. Paul is a true professional and I wish him the greatest success,” Trump said. MANAFORT RESIGNS, per two sources briefed. Rick Gates remaining so far.",1
2489,British firm aims to open immigration detention center near US-Mexico border,"The British security firm Serco has moved a step closer to entering the controversial but lucrative immigration detention market in the US, as the company successfully lobbied public officials in a small Texas county near the Mexico border to propose that the federal government open a family detention centre in the jurisdiction.

The billion-dollar company, implicated in numerous immigration detention centre scandals in the UK and Australia, has been lobbying the US government for more than a year in an effort to win detention contracts, sparking sustained criticism from immigrant rights groups.

The firm is now proposing that a shuttered nursing home in Jim Wells County, Texas, be reopened as a family detention centre, which could hold up to 600 detainees and would become the third privately managed centre in the United States.

The Obama administration’s use of family detention centres that hold children and mothers has become one of the most contested elements of America’s border protection program.

Serco representatives first approached officials in the county last month, as the company ramped up its lobbying efforts, following an open pitching invitation announced by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) in April. On Monday, following a closed-door session between Serco lobbyists and the county’s five commissioners, the local government body voted to partner with Serco and pitch the proposal to Ice.

The company has employed a number of experienced lobbyists in America, including a former senior Ice staff member, Kate Mills, and has already listed a job opening for a communications and logistics staff member close to the proposed centre “in the event of a contract award”.

Judge Pedro Trevino Jr, the presiding member of the Jim Wells commissioners court, told the Guardian that Serco indicated up to 200 local jobs could be created at the centre. The county, with just over 40,000 residents, has had a spike in unemployment following the decline of the oil and gas industry in the region with the poverty rate climbing to 20%, according to census data.

“People are most interested in the jobs it would create,” said Trevino, of the county’s reaction to the proposed deal, adding that county attorneys were continuing to research the proposal, wary of the controversy it could bring.

“We know family detention centres are highly controversial and we want to put all our ducks in a row and gather facts before we make our final decision.”

Although Ice opened an “information” pitching round designed for “market research” purposes, it has not yet confirmed if it will move on to receive formal proposals from potential family detention contractors.

“There are several formalities that have to transpire with the [request for proposals] before we can begin to discuss,” an Ice public affairs officer told the Guardian.

About 38,000 people were apprehended crossing the US-Mexico border in April alone, including more than 10,000 unaccompanied children and “family units”, according to US Customs and Border Patrol. This is the highest number since a surge in arrivals in June 2014, and will add pressure to the already strained detention network.

Reports have also indicated that the Obama administration is planning raids that could lead to the detention and deportation of more Central American mothers and children who entered the country illegally.

Serco has operated the Yarl’s Wood immigration removal centre in the UK since 2007 and endured a string of abuse allegations, including that members of staff sexually assaulted female detainees. In Australia, where Serco operates all of the country’s mainland immigration detention facilities under a multibillion-dollar contract, the company has suffered sustained criticism after riots have broken out in centres on Christmas Island, dozens of detainees have self-harmed and others have made sexual assault allegations against staff.

“Their actual track record is very different to what they say to people here in the US,” said Mohammad Abdollahi, director of advocacy for the Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services not-for-profit group in Texas. “There is no ‘right’ way to detain families, but they have shown, around the world, everything that is wrong with how you do it.”

“Serco has international experience of managing immigration facilities. We are committed to looking after all those in our care with trust and respect,” said a US spokesman for the company in an emailed statement that confirmed Serco’s presence in Jim Wells County.

The centre would be the corporation’s first in the United States, completing a triangle of family detention centers in south Texas, where Geo Group operates the 679-bed Karnes County Residential Center, and Corrections Corporation of America runs the 2,400-bed Texas Family Residential Center in Dilley. The only family facility outside of the state is a 96-bed facility in Pennsylvania that is operated by Berks County under an agreement with Ice.

Most of the women and children held at the three facilities are seeking refugee status and asylum amid a humanitarian crisis in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.

Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Services, which operated a pilot “alternative to detention” program last year, says it found that housing the families in a less restrictive setting was a more cost-effective way to ensure they attended their immigration court hearings.

“We saw that people seeking asylum have a huge stake in finishing the process that could give them a chance to potentially rebuild their life and live here in safety,” said Brittney Nystrom, LIRS director for advocacy. “We are creating additional trauma and pouring money down the drain.”",1
3412,Merrick Garland’s instinct for the middle could put him in the court’s most influential spot,"Merrick Garland has the opportunity to become not only the newest member of the Supreme Court but also its most influential, taking a spot at the court’s center now reserved for Justice Anthony M. Kennedy.

If the 63-year-old Garland is confirmed by the Senate — and there is no bigger if in all of Washington politics — he would help fulfill President Obama’s goal of remaking the court and become a part of a five-member liberal majority chosen by Obama and President Bill Clinton.

Garland’s replacement of conservative icon Antonin Scalia would be the most significant shift on the Supreme Court since Clarence Thomas was confirmed in 1991 to replace the liberal civil rights giant Thurgood Marshall.

But more than that, Garland could occupy the pivotal role as the court considers the most controversial cases­ of the day: affirmative action, abortion, gun rights, campaign finance regulation, the death penalty.

For a decade, a version of that role has been played by Kennedy, the most powerful of the nine justices and the one who most often casts the deciding vote when the court’s conservatives and liberals deadlock.

Just as Kennedy is to the left of the rest of the court’s Republican-nominated conservatives — and thus the justice most often in play — most scholars of the court think that Garland would probably be just to the right of all of the court’s liberals.

No one knows for sure. But a review of his record on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit and interviews with those who have watched him for years as a prominently mentioned Supreme Court hopeful see someone whose instinct is for the middle.

“If confirmed, he’ll surely become the swing vote in most of the highly politicized cases, but more because he is a centrist than because he vacillates between more progressive and more conservative ideals,” said Stephen I. Vladeck, a professor at American University’s Washington College of Law who watches closely the work of the D.C. Circuit, of which Garland is chief judge.

Like others, Vladeck is most struck by the lack of controversy in a judge who has been on the bench nearly 20 years.

“Chief Judge Garland’s jurisprudence is the epitome of centrist, case-by-case adjudication — not because he lacks deep methodological commitments, but because he’s never been prone to go out of his way to wax philosophical about those commitments,” he said. “He has a remarkable dearth of separate opinions, and even his majority opinions tend to be fairly efficient, technical resolutions of the legal questions before him.”

Moreover, Garland is well known to the Supreme Court. More than 40 of his clerks have gone on to clerk for the justices, about a quarter of them for conservative members of the court. Such cross-pollination is increasingly rare.

“Many fine Supreme Court justices took time to get their bearings,” said Justin Driver, a University of Chicago law professor who clerked for Garland and Justices Sandra Day O’Connor and Stephen G. Breyer.

“That would not be him,” Driver said. “He would hit the ground running.”

Garland is known as a technical craftsman, with careful opinions that follow rather than push back at precedents either at his own court or the Supreme Court. He ranked in the top 10 percent of judges appointed in 1997 or after in a measure of both the quantity and quality of their work, according to an analysis by Ravel Law, a legal research and analytics start-up.

Despite nearly two decades on what is often called the second-most-important court in the country — its judges often are nominated to take the next step to the high court — he has relatively few controversial rulings.

The court often hears important government and regulatory cases but is rarely called upon to decide dramatic social issues such as affirmative action, abortion, same-sex marriage or the death penalty. Those have become staples at the Supreme Court.

Conservatives acknowledge they have come up with a limited list of complaints. Edward Whelan, president of the Ethics and Public Policy Center, a conservative think tank that is normally a scourge of liberal jurists, acknowledged in a conference call with reporters that “the only criticism I’d make of him is that he’s a liberal.”

Carrie Severino of the conservative Judicial Crisis Network criticized Garland as anti-Second Amendment. In 2007, he voted with the losing side on whether the entire D.C. Circuit should review a panel’s decision that struck down the District’s restrictive gun-ownership laws.

She and Brian Rogers, executive director of the Republican group America Rising Squared, said Garland may be the “most anti-gun nominee” in decades.

But a Republican judge joined Garland in saying that the landmark ruling about the Second Amendment’s protection of individual rights should be reviewed. The whole court did not take up the merits of the panel’s decision. The Supreme Court agreed with the appeals court in a dramatic 5-to-4 decision, with the majority opinion written by Scalia.

But it would probably be just as accurate to describe Garland as the most conservative Supreme Court nominee by a Democratic president in decades. His prosecutor background and some of his rulings on the D.C. Circuit indicate that he would not take uniformly liberal positions on criminal justice issues; on the circuit, he is more likely to side with the government than his liberal colleagues.

He is also deferential to government agencies, such as the Environmental Protection Agency, and his rulings on labor issues are supported by unions. Liberal groups that might have wanted a more outspoken champion nonetheless say privately that they are confident that Garland would move the court in their direction.

That was Whelan’s point, too: When it comes to the Supreme Court, a “supposed moderate liberal” is as good as any other kind of liberal.

Garland has always been seen as the “safe” nomination that Obama kept in his back pocket. The president acknowledged that he considered Garland twice before and, with a Democratic-controlled Senate, opted instead for Sonia Sotomayor and then Elena Kagan.

Garland looks more like a left-leaning version of Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr.: a Midwesterner with double degrees at Harvard who clerked for the same circuit judge, moved on to work for Supreme Court justices, served on the D.C. Circuit and made friends on both sides of the aisle.

No one seriously doubts that Garland would move the court to the left and that his presence holds the promise for a reversal of the court’s trends on issues such as voting rights, environmental issues and, perhaps, campaign finance regulation.

That is why the fight over his nomination is likely to be so fierce.",1
4983,Trump to African Americans: 'What Do You Have to Lose?',"Donald Trump made his most direct appeal to African Americans on Friday, asking ""What do you have to lose?"" while slamming longstanding Democratic policies that have destroyed inner cities and sent manufacturing jobs to Mexico and other countries.

""We cannot fix our problems by relying on the same politicians who created our problems in the first place,"" Trump told a rally in Dimondale, Mich., a suburb of Lansing in the southwestern part of the state. ""A new future requires brand-new leadership.

""Look how much African-American communities have suffered under Democratic control,"" he continued in his appeal to the party's longtime base. ""To those I say the following: What do you have to lose by trying something new, like Trump? What do you have to lose?

""You're living in poverty. Your schools are no good. You have no jobs. Fifty-eight percent of your youth is unemployed.

""What the hell do you have to lose?"" Trump asked before predicting, ""at the end of four years, I guarantee you that I will get over 95 percent of the African-American vote — because I will produce.

""I will produce for the inner cities and I will produce for the African-Americans.

""One thing we know for sure is if you keep voting for the same people, you will keep getting the same — exactly the same result,"" Trump said.

""Hillary Clinton is a throwback to an ugly past where politicians preyed on our poorer citizens while selling them out for personal gain.""

The Republican presidential nominee's speech comes after a bruising week that saw a major shake-up of his campaign staff, including a new chief executive, Breitbart News executive chairman Steve Bannon, and Friday's resignation of campaign chairman Paul Manafort amid reports of lobbying ties to Ukraine.

Trump has been referencing African Americans in speeches — mostly in suburban or heavily white communities — since last week's racial unrest over a police-involved shooting in Milwaukee, but Friday's comments marked his most direct appeal to date.

He cited the contributions blacks have made to the country throughout history, hammered Democrat Hillary Clinton for backing policies that have ""harmed"" African-American communities over the years and said that his jobs plan would restore manufacturing to cities like Detroit and other Midwestern states.

""The African-American community has given so much to this country,"" Trump said. ""They fought and died in every war since the Revolution. They've lifted up the conscience of our nation in the long march toward civil rights. They've sacrificed so much for the national good.

""Yet, nearly four in 10 African-American children still live in poverty, and 58 percent of young African-Americans are not working. They cannot find a job.

""We must do better as a country.""",1
4543,Obama to name Marine Gen. Dunford chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff,"WASHINGTON — President Obama plans to name Marine Corps Commandant Gen. Joseph Dunford the next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, a senior Defense Department official said late Monday.

Air Force Gen. Paul Selva, currently the leader of U.S. Transportation Command, will be named vice chairman, said the official who was not authorized to speak publicly.

Dunford, a widely respected and well-liked officer at the Pentagon, has extensive battlefield experience, including as commander of all allied forces in Afghanistan. He will replace Army Gen. Martin Dempsey who is expected to retire later this summer after his second term expires. Selva would replace Adm. James Winnefeld.

A formal announcement from the White House is expected Tuesday, the official said.

Dunford quickly received support from one key member of the Senate Armed Services Committee — Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island, the panel's top Democrat.

""I have come to greatly value General Dunford's counsel and insight, and I particularly appreciate the concern he has for our men and women in uniform under his command,"" Reed said.

Michael O'Hanlon, a military analyst at the Brookings Institution, hailed Dunford as well suited to the job. ""He is a brilliant choice,"" O'Hanlon said. ""Smart, wise, creative, pragmatic, calm, affable, experienced.""

Dunford has been commandant since last October. Prior to that, he had led U.S. and NATO forces from February 2013 to August 2014 in Afghanistan and oversaw the withdrawal of tens of thousands of American troops from the country.

An infantry officer, Dunford followed Gen. James Amos, a pilot, as commandant of the Marine Corps. He holds a master's degree in government from Georgetown University and a master's degree in international relations from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.

As chairman, Dunford will be the military's most senior officer and adviser to the president. The Senate must approve the nomination of Dunford for the two-year term. Most often, chairmen serve two terms.

Among the primary challenges he'll inherit: the ongoing war against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria; Russia's increasing belligerence in Eastern Europe and the threat of automatic budget cuts known as sequestration.

He'll also have to deal with China's increasing ambitions in the Pacific and the military's long-standing desire to shift its resources toward that region, O'Hanlon said.

Selva's choice marks the return of airman to one of the top two slots for the first time since Gen. Richard Myers retired as chairman in 2005. Transportation Command lacks the visibility of some of the military's other top spots, including Central Command, which oversees the turbulent Middle East. But Transportation Command's function of moving troops, weapons and supplies around the globe is critically important.

A cargo plane pilot, Selva also has extensive experience inside the Pentagon. He served as assistant to the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from 2008 to 2011.",1
4055,Rout has Ukraine pleading for peacekeepers,"Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko called Wednesday for an international peacekeeping mission in his nation’s war-torn east, a stark admission that his nation can no longer fend off pro-Russian rebels after a major battlefield defeat.

Any international force on the ground would harden the battle lines after 10 months of fighting, forcing Ukraine to give up for now its attempts to reunify the nation. But it would also halt Russian-backed rebels from pushing onward toward Kiev.

The suggestion came hours after thousands of Ukrainian troops fled the encircled railway hub of Debaltseve, where fighting only intensified after a cease-fire ostensibly took effect Sunday. Nearly a year after Russia annexed the Crimean Peninsula, the fresh loss threatened tough political consequences for Ukraine’s pro-Western president amid questions of how the troops became surrounded in recent weeks.

Soldiers described a chaotic nighttime retreat over eastern Ukraine’s frozen steppe, with shells raining down on them from two sides.

The prospects for a peacekeeping mission in Ukraine were not immediately clear. Any U.N. Security Council mandate would be subject to a possible Russian veto. Poroshenko said he hoped for a European Union police mission, although what such a plan would entail on the ground remained unclear. Any E.U.-only plan appeared likely to be rejected by Russia, which has said that it views NATO’s encroachment on its borders as a security threat.

“I invite you to discuss an invitation to a U.N. peacekeeping mission,” Poroshenko told a late-night meeting of his top security advisers, according to Ukrainian news outlets.

The violence may increase pressure on President Obama to supply Ukraine’s military with weapons, a decision he said would be made only after the peace effort. E.U. leaders, meanwhile, said they would consider more economic sanctions against Russia.

Elsewhere in Ukraine’s war-torn east, violence was abating as rebels announced that they had begun pulling back heavy weaponry in accordance with the cease-fire agreement. But the advance on Debaltseve suggested that the Russian-backed rebels had the strength to push forward when they wished.

Poroshenko has staked his office on reuniting Ukraine and quelling Europe’s bloodiest conflict since the Balkan wars in the 1990s.

Earlier in the day he called the retreat a “planned and organized withdrawal of certain units from Debaltseve.”

The defeat was sure to stir a political cauldron over the prosecution of the war in Kiev, where charges of incompetence and even betrayal were lobbed at Ukraine’s military brass in the aftermath. The thousands of Ukrainian troops who were in and around Debaltseve represented a significant portion of the nation’s battle-ready soldiers.

Ukraine’s flatlining economy is fueling even more anger toward Ukraine’s leaders. Natural gas prices are set to nearly triple under the terms of a bailout plan from the International Monetary Fund, sure to be politically radioactive. Ukraine’s currency fell to record lows on Wednesday.

One of Poroshenko’s coalition allies in parliament called for criminal charges to be lodged against top military leaders.

“There were enough forces and equipment. The problem is coordination and command,” Semen Semenchenko, a lawmaker who is also a volunteer militia commander, wrote on Facebook. “The head of the General Staff should be brought to liability. Period.”

Western officials said Wednesday that the fighting called into question the viability of the peace deal, reached in Minsk, Belarus, last week between Russian President Vladimir Putin and European leaders.

The situation in Debaltseve “is a massive violation of the cease-fire,” a spokesman for German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Steffen Seibert, said in Berlin. “It is a heavy strain on . . . the hope for peace in eastern Ukraine in general.” He said Germany was poised to push for further sanctions against Russia if fighting escalates.

NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg also said he was “deeply concerned” about the fighting.

Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the fighting was inevitable after Poroshenko’s insistence at last week’s peace negotiations that the troops were not surrounded. But he said it must stop.

Last week’s peace deal left a 60-hour window before the cease-fire was set to go into effect. That stipulation almost certainly led to an increase in fighting, as both sides sought to maximize their positions before the truce. No official explanation was given for the delay, although Ukrainian and European officials said at the time they were ready to have an immediate cease-fire. The window for continued fighting has led to speculation that rebels may have been seeking to seize Debaltseve before the truce took effect.

Six Ukrainian soldiers were killed in the pullout, according to Poroshenko, although the real number seemed likely to be significantly higher, based on Ukrainian soldiers’ accounts of sustaining heavy fire during the late-night retreat. Many said they had only 10 minutes’ notice to grab what they could carry and flee, piling onto tanks, armored personnel carriers and trucks as they sped toward the staging city of Artemivsk.

It was not immediately clear how many troops escaped and how many remained in and around the town. Top military officials said that 85 percent of the troops had escaped as of Wednesday evening. Others may still be in hiding or were killed or captured, they said. Some soldiers said that many corpses were left behind.

Front-line troops questioned on Wednesday why it took so long for the retreat to be ordered, saying that their situation had long ago become hopeless.

“It’s not about Debaltseve as a city; it’s about Putin showing he can do what he wants,” said Lt. Viktor Kovalenko, the acting deputy commander of the battalion that had been charged with protecting railroads into Debaltseve. He said several people in his convoy were killed during the retreat, which began at 3 a.m. Wednesday, and that at least 50 troops were captured as they tried to flee.

Kovalenko said supplies had run so low that one Ukrainian position was captured earlier this week simply because it ran out of ammunition.

Another soldier described a harrowing early morning escape, speeding over pitch-black fields that had been hardened by frost.

“We came under shelling, and we prayed to God to let us get out. There are a lot of wounded and killed people,” said Ihor Sevastyan, 47, who drove out of Debaltseve Wednesday in a green radio truck. The vehicle was riddled with large bullet holes, and one of the tires had been shot out. They kept pushing forward using the truck’s rim.

Other than in Debaltseve, both sides said Wednesday that they were holding to the agreement. Rebels said they had begun to pull back heavy weaponry from the front lines, as stipulated by the cease-fire deal, and relatively little fighting was reported elsewhere in the region.

Birnbaum reported from Moscow. Natasha Abbakumova in Moscow, Alexander Pustovit in Artemivsk, Ukraine, Stephanie Kirchner in Berlin, Daniela Deane in London and Brian Murphy in Washington contributed to this report.",1
2377,"Hot dogs, bacon and other processed meats cause cancer, World Health Organization declares","A research division of the World Health Organization announced Monday that bacon, sausage and other processed meats cause cancer and that red meat probably does, too.

The report by the influential group stakes out one of the most aggressive stances against meat taken by a major health organization, and it is expected to face stiff criticism in the United States.

The WHO findings were drafted by a panel of 22 international experts who reviewed decades of research on the link between red meat, processed meats and cancer. The panel reviewed animal experiments, studies of human diet and health, and cell processes that could explain how red meat might cause cancer.

But the panel’s decision was not unanimous, and by raising lethal concerns about a food that anchors countless American meals, it will be controversial.

The $95 billion U.S. beef industry has been preparing for months to mount a response, and some scientists, including some unaffiliated with the meat industry, have questioned whether the evidence is substantial enough to draw the strong conclusions that the WHO panel did.

In reaching its conclusion, the panel sought to quantify the risks, and compared to carcinogens such as cigarettes, the magnitude of the danger appears small, experts said. The WHO panel cited studies suggesting that an additional 3.5 ounces of red meat everyday raises the risk of colorectal cancer by 17 percent; eating an additional 1.8 ounces of processed meat daily raises the risk by 18 percent, according to the research cited.

“For an individual, the risk of developing colorectal cancer because of their consumption of processed meat remains small, but this risk increases with the amount of meat consumed,” says Kurt Straif, an official with the World Health Organization’s International Agency for Research on Cancer, which produced the report. “In view of the large number of people who consume processed meat, the global impact on cancer incidence is of public health importance.”

About 34,000 cancer deaths a year worldwide are attributable to diets high in processed meats, according to figures cited by the panel.

[WHO says hot dogs, bacon cause cancer. Does this mean we should all become vegetarians?]

 

 The research into a possible link between eating red meat and cancer has been the subject of scientific debate for decades, with colorectal cancer being a long-standing area of concern. But by concluding that processed meat causes cancer, and that red meat “probably” causes cancer, the WHO findings go well beyond the tentative associations that some other groups have reported.

The American Cancer Society, for example, notes that many studies have found “a link” between eating red meat and heightened risks of colorectal cancer. But it stops short of telling people that the meats cause cancer. Some diets that have lots of vegetables and fruits and lesser amounts of red and processed meats have been associated with a lower risk of colorectal cancer, the American Cancer Society says, but “it’s not exactly clear” which factors of that diet are important.

Likewise, the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, the U.S. government’s advice compendium, encourage the consumption of protein-containing foods such as lean meats as part of a healthy diet. Regarding processed meats, though, the Dietary Guidelines offer a tentative warning: “Moderate evidence suggests an association between the increased intake of processed meats (e.g., franks, sausage, and bacon) and increased risk of colorectal cancer and cardiovascular disease.” The Dietary Guidelines do not assert that processed meats cause cancer.

Officials from the Department of Health and Human Services, which is updating the Dietary Guidelines with the USDA, have not yet reviewed the WHO report, a spokesperson said.

[95 percent of the world's people may be wrong about salt]

For consumers, the WHO announcement offers scant practical advice even while casting aspersions over a wide array of foods. Red meat includes beef, veal, pork, lamb, mutton and goat. Processed meat includes hot dogs, ham, sausages, corned beef and beef jerky — or any other meat that has been cured, smoked, salted or otherwise changed to enhance flavor or improve preservation.

How much of those is it safe to eat? The group doesn’t offer much guidance: “The data available for evaluation did not permit a conclusion about whether a safe level exists.”

Should we be vegetarians? Again, the group does not hazard an answer.

And how exactly does red meat and processed meat cause cancer? The group names a handful of chemicals involved in cooking and processing meat, most of them nearly unpronounceable, and some believed to be carcinogenic.

“But despite the knowledge it is not yet fully understood how cancer risk is increased by red meat or processed meat,” the group wrote.

Despite the voids in the science, the WHO findings might cast a pall over diners and those who serve them.

At The Pig Restaurant on 14th Street NW in Washington, where the menu includes an array of pork products - kielbasa, prosciutto, pork cheek, etc - a worker sweeping the tables outside encouraged a reporter to look elsewhere for comments about cancer and red meat. Around the corner, outside the Whole Foods grocery, shoppers evinced a weary of fatalism regarding authoritative diet advice.

“It makes some sense,” said Nassrin Farzaneh, a development consultant, carrying a bag out of the store, said of the WHO finding on processed meat. “But they say one thing and then two or three years later they something that contradicts it. It goes on and on.”

“Everything causes cancer,” said Caroline Rourke, an energy policy analyst, also on her way out of the grocery. “Life causes cancer. Who cares what food does? Life is terminal, isn’t it?""

[Another food to worry about? Honey not as healthy as we think.]

In recent years, meat consumption has been the target of multi-faceted social criticism, with debates erupting not just over its role on human health, but the impact of feedlots on the environment and on animal welfare. The public debate over the WHO’s findings will probably play out with political lobbying and in marketing messages for consumers.

An industry group, the North American Meat Institute, called the WHO report “dramatic and alarmist overreach,” and it mocked the panel’s previous work for approving a substance found in yoga pants and treating coffee, sunlight and wine as potential cancer hazards.

The WHO panel “says you can enjoy your yoga class, but don’t breathe air (Class I carcinogen), sit near a sun-filled window (Class I), apply aloe vera (Class 2B) if you get a sunburn, drink wine or coffee (Class I and Class 2B), or eat grilled food (Class 2A),” said Betsy Booren, vice president of scientific affairs for the group.

“We simply don’t think the evidence supports any causal link between any red meat and any type of cancer,” said Shalene McNeill, executive director of human nutrition at the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association.

But at its core, the issue revolves around science, and in particular the difficulty that arises whenever scientists try to link any food to a chronic disease.

Experiments to test whether a food causes cancer pose a massive logistical challenge: they require controlling the diets of thousands of test subjects over a course of many years. For example, one group might be assigned to eat lots of meat and another less, or none. But for a variety of reasons involving cost and finding test subjects, such experiments are rarely conducted, and scientists instead often use other less direct methods, known as epidemiological or observational studies, to draw their conclusions.

“I understand that people may be skeptical about this report on meat because the experimental data is not terribly strong,” said Paolo Boffetta, a professor of Tisch Cancer Institute at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine who has served on similar WHO panels. “But in this case the epidemiological evidence is very strong.”

[Why the Bureau of Prisons stripped pork from the menu for federal inmates]

Some scientists, however, have criticized the epidemiological studies for too often reaching “false positives,” that is, concluding that something causes cancer when it doesn’t.

“Is everything we eat associated with cancer?” asked a much noted 2012 paper in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.

That paper reviewed the academic studies conducted on common cookbook ingredients. Of the 50 ingredients considered, 40 had been studied for their relation to cancer. Individually, most of those studies found that consumption of the food was correlated with cancer. But when the research on any given ingredient was considered collectively, those effects typically shrank or disappeared.

“Many single studies highlight implausibly large effects, even though evidence is weak,” the authors concluded.

Although epidemiological studies were critical in proving the dangers of cigarettes, the magnitude of the reported meat risk is much smaller, and it is hard for scientists to rule out statistical confounding as the cause of the apparent danger.

Moreover, some skeptics noted that two experiments that tested diets with reduced meat consumption, the Polyp Prevention Trial and the Women’s Health Initiative, found that people who reduced their meat intake did not appear to have a lower cancer risk. It is possible, though, that the reductions in animal flesh were too small to have an effect.

“It might be a good idea not to be an excessive consumer of meat,” said Jonathan Schoenfeld, the co-author of the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition article and an assistant professor in radiation oncology at Harvard Medical School. “But the effects of eating meat may be minimal, if anything.”

Was it wrong that the government steered people away from whole milk for decades?

How Coca-Cola has tricked everyone into drinking so much of it

What Americans do with fish is shocking

Why Americans are falling out of love with one of their favorite fruits

Whole milk, butter and eggs are now okay to eat. What's next?",1
2248,17 biblical rules for marriage the Kim Davis set chooses to ignore,"Some people believe that Kentucky—or even all of America—should be subject to biblical law rather than constitutional law. They believe public servants like celebrity clerk Kim Davis owe their highest allegiance to the Bible, which means they shouldn’t be forced to give out unbiblical marriage licenses—like to gay couples. The issue is contested by a host of liberals, secularists, Satanists and moderate Christians. But assuming that Bible believers and religious freedom advocates carry the day, public servants will need to know their Good Book. The following 15-item quiz can be used to screen applicants for county clerk positions or as a guide for those already on the job.

If Kentucky issues only biblical marriage licenses, to which of the following couples should a county clerk grant a license?

1. A man with a consenting woman, but without her father’s permission. No. Numbers 30:1-16 teaches that a single woman’s father has final authority over legal contracts she may enter.

2. A man, a nonconsenting woman, and her father. Yes. According to the Law of Moses a female is male property, as are slaves, livestock and children. (See Exodus 20:17, Exodus 21:7.) Her father can give her in marriage or sell her to a slave master. Female consent in the Bible is not a prerequisite for marriage or sex.

3. A married man and three other women. Yes. The Old Testament endorses polygamy, and the New Testament does not reverse this—except for church elders (1 Timothy 3:2). (See Biblicalpolygamy.com)

4. A childless widow and her husband’s reluctant brother. Yes. Genesis 38:8-10 makes it clear that a man has a responsibility to seed children for his deceased brother. In the Gospel of Matthew, Jesus doesn’t alter the tradition but does say it will no longer apply in heaven. (Matthew 22:24-28)

5. Two men. No. Leviticus is clear. Two men having sex is an abomination, just like eating shellfish, getting tattoos, shaving your beard, or wearing blend fabrics. (Leviticus 18:22, 20:13, 11:9-12, 19:28, 19:27)

6. Two women. No, not even with their fathers’ permission. Paul’s epistle to the Romans (1:26) makes it clear that this is degrading and unnatural.

7. A Christian and a Hindu. No. The Apostle Paul calls this being unequally yoked (2 Corinthians 6:14). If the applicants balk at your refusal, you might respond gently with Paul’s own words: “What fellowship has righteousness with unrighteousness? And what communion has light with darkness?”

8. A soldier and a virgin prisoner of war. Yes, but you should provide written instructions on the purification ritual required before bedding her. The soldier must shave her head and trim her nails and give her a month to mourn her parents before the first sex act. Also, remind him that if she fails to “delight,” he must set her free rather than selling her. (Deuteronomy 21:10-14)

9. A rapist and his victim. Yes, with qualifiers. The woman’s consent is not an issue, but her father should be present as he is owed 50 shekels (approximately $580) for the damage to his daughter. Also, the contract should have an addendum stating clearly that no divorce will be allowed. The rapist must keep her for life since, obviously, no one else will want the damaged goods. (Deuteronomy 22:28-29)

10. A man and his wife’s indentured/undocumented servant. Yes, although you might remind the man that in this case a marriage license is not a prerequisite for sex, since community property laws apply. However, should God bless this union with babies, any offspring will belong to the man and his wife, not the indentured woman. (Genesis 30:1-22)

11. A man and his mother, sister, half-sister, mother-in-law, grandchild, or uncle’s wife. Probably not. Although God’s law is timeless and unchanging, He does seem to shift on this one. In the book of Genesis, God rewards marriages between siblings—for example, the patriarch Abraham and his half-sister Sarah. But later texts specifically prohibit a variety of incestuous relationships (e.g. Lev. 18:7-8; Lev. 18:10; Lev. 20:11; Deut. 22:30; Deut. 27:20; Deut. 27:23). 12. A black woman and a white man, or vice versa. Absolutely not. Scripture is full of verses prohibiting interracial marriage (Gen. 28:6; Exod. 34:15-16; Num. 25:6-11; Deut. 7:1-3; Josh. 23:12-13; Judges 3:5-8; 1 Kings 11:1-2; Ezra 9:1-2, 12; Ezra 10:2-3, 10-11; Neh. 10:30; Neh. 13:25-27). 13. A gentile and a Jew. No. If the Jew should appeal to the Anti-Defamation League, remind them of how dangerous such a union could be: “Thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daughter shalt thou take unto thy son. For they will turn away thy son from following me, that they may serve other gods: so will the anger of the LORD be kindled against you, and destroy thee suddenly.” (Deuteronomy 7:3-4) 14. A man and a pregnant woman who claims to be a virgin.Yes. You may feel personal misgivings about a marriage that is based in deception from the get-go, but judge not that ye be not judged. One in 200 American women who give birth say they have never had sex. Rather than plaguing this young couple with your corrosive doubt, you can encourage them with the biblical virgin birth story, while taking care to avoid any sex-negative implications that might harm their marriage. 15. A man and a goat. Don’t be ridiculous. Can a goat sign a marriage license? 16. A man and a sex-trafficked teen he bought from a gangster. Yes, but not until Kentucky legalizes sex trafficking. Sexual slavery is quite common in the Bible, well regulated (Exodus 28:8), and frequently sanctioned or blessed by God. However, the New Testament teaches that we should pay our taxes and be law-abiding, even under a secular/pagan government. (Titus 3:1; 1 Peter 2:13-17) 17. Two zombies. Only if they are not Christians. Jesus states clearly that there will be no marriage for Christians in the afterlife (Matthew 22:24-28). Otherwise, marriage between the undead is not addressed in the Bible, and you should default to whatever the Supreme Court may have ruled on this matter. Note: Some liberal Christian license seekers may complain to you or your supervisor that these guidelines come mostly from the Old Testament, which has been replaced by a New Covenant under Jesus. Ask them if the Old Testament is still part of their Bible. Remind them that the Ten Commandments are in the Old Testament—all three versions. Lastly, quote the words of Jesus: Do not think that I came to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I did not come to abolish but to fulfill. For truly I say to you, until heaven and earth pass away, not the smallest letter or stroke shall pass from the Law until all is accomplished. Whoever then annuls one of the least of these commandments, and teaches others to do the same, shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven; but whoever keeps and teaches them, he shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven (Matthew 5: 17-19). Stand firm. If the Bible is the perfect Word of the living God, your detractors are up against the Almighty himself. And, as the spiritual warfare hymn reminds us, the hordes of (liberal, gay, atheist, feminist) darkness cannot quench your light.",1
1669,"Rubio, Cruz, Christie Improve Their Standing In Third GOP Debate","Rubio, Cruz, Christie Improve Their Standing In Third GOP Debate

The Republican presidential race entered a new phase Wednesday night as the outsider candidates, who dominated the first two debates, were upstaged by several of their office-holding rivals — and by a budding controversy over the conduct of the third debate itself.

Ben Carson, Donald Trump and Carly Fiorina were all on hand and all had their moments. But the featured performer of the night was Marco Rubio, the senator from Florida who, at 44, is the youngest contestant in the field. Also acquitting themselves well were his Senate colleague, Ted Cruz of Texas, and Chris Christie, the oft-embattled governor of New Jersey.

Christie's much-maligned campaign had barely qualified for inclusion in this debate, but he seemed revivified by the questions and the interchange — especially the contretemps with the CNBC moderators.

""Even in New Jersey what you're doing would be called rude,"" said Christie, referring to CNBC moderator John Harwood.

Rubio became the debate's focus largely because of tough questions from the CNBC moderators that he deftly turned into recitations of his talking points. When other rivals tried to probe the same vulnerabilities, Rubio was quickly able to flip the polarity and deliver a put down in response.

Questioned about his missed votes in the Senate (the most of any senator this year) and his stated lack of interest in that position, Rubio noted how many votes had been missed by senators in both parties pursuing the presidency in the past.

When Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor sometimes described as Rubio's mentor, renewed the criticism (""What is it in the Senate, a French work week, where you only have to show up for three days?"") Rubio wondered why Bush had never spoken out about such things before.

""The only reason why you're doing it now,"" Rubio charged, ""is because we're running for the same position, and someone has convinced you that attacking me is going to help you.""

Bush was not able to establish much momentum after that, finishing near the bottom of the list in speaking time. It was his third flat performance in the debate series to date, and the most damaging in its timing. His campaign had highlighted the evening, calling it Bush's chance to rebut suggestions he lacks real enthusiasm for this campaign. In recent weeks, he has seemed diffident and off-message at times in public appearances. He has laid off staff, as his standing in the polls has continued to decline.

Rubio, by stark contrast, was both sharp with a cutting remark and adept at the charming aside. Talking about a program for older people, he beamed boyishly as he said, ""I'd never vote for anything that would hurt my mom.""

Rubio has been locked in the single digits in national polls and surveys in the early voting states as well. But many who watched the third debate expected that to change. And if the current front-runners should fade, leaving their voters up for grabs, the contest could become between Rubio and Cruz.

The night's peak energy point came when Cruz fielded a typically truculent question from one of the CNBC moderators and hit it out of the park.

""The questions that have been asked so far in this debate illustrate why the American people don't trust the media,"" Cruz said.

The debate audience, clearly a sympathetic crowd, roared its approval, nearly drowning out Cruz as he continued.

""This is not a cage match,"" Cruz added. ""And, you look at the questions — 'Donald Trump, are you a comic-book villain?' 'Ben Carson, can you do math?' 'John Kasich, will you insult two people over here?' 'Marco Rubio, why don't you resign?' 'Jeb Bush, why have your numbers fallen?'""

Cruz contrasted these questions with those at the Democratic debate, even though that event was put on by CNN. He said all the Democrats were asked was, ""Which of you is more handsome and why?""

Several of the other Republican candidates tried to get in on the crowd's appetite for media criticism before the evening was over. Their staffs were also complaining about the in-your-face tone of the CNBC crew. After the debate, Carson's campaign manager talked about renegotiating the terms of the remaining debates.

Reince Priebus, the GOP national chairman who took control of the debates this year and made deals with the various news outlets, also expressed dismay after the debate and said changes would be made to future formats.

Meanwhile, the man who has been proud of leading in polls among Republicans since July, Donald Trump, held his own Wednesday night despite a disappointing slide to No. 2 in some of the most recent tests both nationally and in Iowa. Trump delivered his stock lines about taxes, immigration and badly negotiated deals on trade and foreign relations. But the Trump presence was a measure less effervescent than on the stump or in earlier debates.

The new leader in some polls, Carson, the retired neurosurgeon, reprised his role as the quiet man on stage. He had less speaking time than almost any other candidate, and when he had the spotlight, he did little to hold it. Asked for a weakness, he cited his failure to think of himself as presidential material (""until hundreds of thousands of people began to tell me that I needed to do it""). He also seemed unsure of his footing at times when describing his tax rate plan and other economic matters.

But Carson, too, took the opportunity to push back on the CNBC journalists. When Carl Quintanilla asked about Carson's association with a controversial maker of nutritional supplements, Carson flatly denied any involvement and called the assertion ""pure propaganda.""

In fact, Carson starred in a promotional video for the company and may face more questions about his statement in the days ahead. But when Quintanilla tried to follow up, the crowd booed and Carson took the out: ""See,"" he said, ""they know.""

Carly Fiorina, regarded by many as the standout performer in the Sept. 16 debate, managed to get more speaking time this time than any of her rivals — in part, by resisting the moderators. But while she came across as self-assured and offered one of her best defenses of leadership at Hewlett-Packard a decade ago, Fiorina did not have a memorable exchange with Trump or any of the candidates.

The other four candidates who took part may have experienced more frustration than fulfillment. Rand Paul, a senator from Kentucky, was one of the three candidates with fewest minutes of airtime. His efforts to climb into the tax debate were largely unsuccessful. Mike Huckabee had his usual moments of folksy humor but few scoring opportunities.

The man who had the highest hopes for this round may have been John Kasich, the governor of Ohio who has tried to go after the non-politician front-runners, attacking the unrealistic promises of lower taxes and an end to illegal immigration. Kasich kicked off the evening with thinly veiled criticisms of Carson and Trump as potential occupants of the Oval Office.

""My great concern is that we are on the verge, perhaps, of picking someone who cannot do this job,"" he charged, adding, ""We need somebody who can lead.""

Trump promptly fired back with a withering rebuttal about Kasich's Ohio success being a windfall from oil produced by fracking, and about Kasich's partnership at Lehman Brothers shortly before that Wall Street firm collapsed and set off the worst of the 2008 financial panic.

Kasich had a comeback, but his offensive came up short.",1
192,Americans Don't Like New Congress Any Better Than The Last One,"Since last year, Americans have grown increasingly positive about jobs, the direction of the country and even the president -- but they're not yet willing to extend the same goodwill to Congress.

Just 16 percent of Americans approve of Congress, according to a Gallup poll released Tuesday. That's up from a 9 percent low during the 2013 government shutdown, but virtually unchanged since the end of last year.

""Congress' poor track record notwithstanding, there is reason to believe this Congress will at least be rated more popularly going forward than the last two divided Congresses,"" Gallup's Andrew Dugan wrote. ""Typically, elections that hand control of Congress to one party provide an initial uptick in support for the new Congress.""

A new HuffPost/YouGov poll finds that most Americans think Congress is worse than it used to be, with a majority saying it is less civil and more divided than it was a decade ago.

A 52 percent majority of Americans say congressional debates are less civil than they were 10 years ago, and 58 percent say Congress is now more divided along party lines. Americans 45 and older were the most likely to say things had devolved.

Ironically, the woes of Congress are something partisan Americans can agree on: Democrats and Republicans were about equally likely to say Congress is worse today.

But while ratings for Congress remain low, Americans feel at least relatively warmer toward their own representatives. Twenty-six percent of Americans approve of the member representing their district, while another 26 percent disapprove and the remaining 47 percent are neutral or unsure.

Republicans were by far the most satisfied, giving their representatives a net +17 approval rating, compared to a net -8 among independents and a net +3 among Democrats.

Americans historically have been much more positive about their own representatives than about Congress as a whole, although the percentage who said they felt their own member should be re-elected dipped to a near-historic low in 2014.

The HuffPost/YouGov poll was conducted Jan. 6-8 among 1,000 U.S. adults using a sample selected from YouGov's opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult U.S. population. Factors considered include age, race, gender, education, employment, income, marital status, number of children, voter registration, time and location of Internet access, interest in politics, religion and church attendance.

The Huffington Post has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls. You can learn more about this project and take part in YouGov's nationally representative opinion polling. Data from all HuffPost/YouGov polls can be found here. More details on the poll's methodology are available here.",1
57,Million-dollar donors pump huge sums into 2016 White House race,"More than 50 individuals and entities have shelled out at least $1 million apiece to big-money groups backing presidential candidates — with close to half of the big donors giving to a super PAC aligned with former Florida governor Jeb Bush.

With 15 months to go before Election Day, donors have already contributed $272.5 million to independent groups supporting the large Republican field, more than four times the $67 million raised through their official campaigns, according to a tally by The Washington Post.

In all, 58 million-dollar donors together were responsible for $120 million donated to GOP and Democratic super PACs by June 30 — more than 40 percent of the total amount raised by those groups.

Never before has so much money been donated by such a small number of people so early. The massive sums have empowered outside groups that face no contribution limits and are now serving as de facto arms of many campaigns.

[How campaigns and their super PAC backers work together]

“Clearly the action is with the super PACs and with people who can write seven-digit and bigger checks,” said Henry Barbour, a veteran GOP fundraiser based in Mississippi who is informally advising former Texas governor Rick Perry in his run. “It’s amazing, but a handful of people really can have a material impact on the race.”

Topping the list of mega-donors on the right is New York hedge-fund manager Robert Mercer, who donated $11 million to a super PAC aligned with Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.). Houston private equity investor Toby Neugebauer gave $10 million to another Cruz super PAC. Kelcy Warren, a Dallas energy executive and the national finance chairman for Perry’s campaign, gave $6 million to two pro-Perry super PACs.

Half a dozen donors have made $5 million contributions to Republican hopefuls, including Florida car magnate Norman Braman, who is backing Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida; Dallas tech entrepreneur Darwin Deason, who is supporting Perry; and Wisconsin roofing billionaire Diane Hendricks, who is supporting Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker.

While more money is flowing to Republican-allied PACs than to the official campaigns, the situation is the reverse on the Democratic side: 80 percent of the money raised to support Hillary Rodham Clinton and her rivals went directly to their campaigns.

Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont has said he does not want the support of a super PAC.

But Clinton is flanked by her own wealthy allies who have the means to pump tens of millions into independent groups on her behalf. Already, eight have given $1 million to Priorities USA Action, one of her allied super PACs, which raised $15.6 million in all. The big backers include hedge-fund investor George Soros, media executive Haim Saban and film director Steven Spielberg.

For the first time, nearly every presidential contender is backed by a deep-pocketed ally — and, in many cases, several. The groups are run by longtime advisers and former aides to the White House hopefuls, who have edged closer to their aligned super PACs than previous candidates dared.

“There is now a new norm in how presidential candidates will run for office,” said David Donnelly, president of Every Voice, a group that advocates reducing the influence of the wealthy on politics. “It’s not about how much support they get from voters in Iowa and New Hampshire as the first benchmark. It’s about how much they can direct to these huge super PACs.”

Bush spent most of the year headlining high-dollar fundraisers for his allied super PAC, Right to Rise, helping it collect a record $103 million while maintaining that he had yet not decided whether to run.

The group hit its expected $100 million goal on June 30, the last day of the fundraising period, when it cashed 82 contributions totaling $3.5 million. Among them was a $1 million donation from Shahla Ansary, wife of former Iranian diplomat Hushang Ansary. He had given $1 million in February.

[Racing to reach $100 million, Bush super PAC fundraising spiked in last three weeks of quarter]

In all, 20 individuals and four companies donated at least $1 million to Right to Rise, with the largest sum coming from Coral Gables health-care executive Miguel Fernandez, who gave the super PAC more than $3 million.

Fernandez told the Wall Street Journal that he was not looking for any favors from Bush.

“I am sure there’s at least one [donor] that wants a solar power business and another who wants to build submarines,” Fernandez joked, according to the paper. “I have only given to Jeb because I think he has the right values.”

The super PACs supporting Bush’s rivals for the GOP nomination were largely financed by a few wealthy patrons.

Four groups called Keep the Promise that are supporting Cruz together raised more than $37 million, but 95 percent came from just seven contributors, including $15 million from the Wilks family of Cisco, Tex., which made billions designing hydraulic fracturing trucks.

Half of the $20 million raised by Unintimidated PAC, which is supporting Walker, came from two women: Hendricks and Marlene Ricketts, wife of TD Ameritrade founder Joe Ricketts.

Rubio’s allied super PAC, Conservative Solutions PAC, brought in slightly more than $16 million.

Nearly a third of it came from Braman, a longtime patron of the Florida senator. Another $3 million came from Lawrence Ellison, the chief technology officer of Oracle, while Laura Perlmutter, wife of Marvel Entertainment CEO Isaac Perlmutter, donated $2 million. Besilu Stables LLC, a Florida-based horse-racing operation owned by Florida businessman Benjamin Leon, gave $2.5 million.

America Leads, the super PAC supporting Chris Christie, raised $11 million. Hedge-fund billionaire Steve Cohen and his wife, Alexandra, gave the group $2 million, and another $1 million came from the Winecup Gamble Ranch in Nevada, owned by former Reebok chief executive Paul Fireman.

A super PAC supporting former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee brought in a total of $3.6 million — $3 million of which came from Little Rock agribusiness ­executive Ronald M. Cameron.

Half of the $3.45 million raised by CARLY for America, which is backing former Hewlett-Packard chief executive Carly Fiorina, was donated by former Univision head A. Jerrold Perenchio.

The number of seven- and eight-figure checks flooding into the race alarms veteran party strategists, who worry that the power is moving away from the candidates to independent and unaccountable groups.

“You do not have a level playing field any longer,” said Fred Malek, a senior Republican fundraiser. “In my humble opinion, it pollutes the process. But since the law permits it, everyone is going to do it until the law changes.”

Almost everyone, that is. At the moment, the GOP field is led by a candidate who has said he doesn’t need a super PAC: real estate impresario Donald Trump, who claims to be worth more than $10 billion.",1
4060,Rural Nepal devastated by earthquake still awaits aid,"KATHMANDU, Nepal — Nepali citizens frustrated and angered by their government's chaotic and bureaucratic response to aiding earthquake victims are doing it themselves. They've hired their own trucks and stuffed vehicles with plastic sheets for shelter and bags of rice and lentils for food.

Yet as each day passes since the magnitude-7.8 earthquake hit April 25, this self-help effort is becoming more complicated. Youth belonging to various political parties are putting up impromptu checkpoints on the road to the hardest hit areas or just chasing down vehicles with their motorbikes on narrow, isolated mountain roads and demanding the aid be handed over to them for distribution.

Such political maneuvering is not uncommon, but it is angering many Nepalis.

""I have nothing left. One daughter is buried under my house. my other daughter was sent to a hospital,"" said Bhampagiri, 72, who lives in the hamlet of Pawachok, a two-hour drive from this capital city. ""I have no food. Nothing. My house has collapsed so I sit here by the road and wait hoping someone will pass and help me,"" said Bhampagiri, who goes by one name.

In the past week, the Nepali government has delayed customs clearance of international aid at Nepal's only international airport in Kathmandu and has been levying duty on truckloads of tarps being bused in from India by Nepali Good Samaritans. At the same time, the Nepali government has asked international donors to help with an additional 400,000 tents and tarpaulins, as well as blankets.

The death toll is above 7,000 and is expected to rise significantly when hard hit but remote areas are reached. This week, the airport in Kathmandu received some much needed help from about 150 U.S. Marines.

Commanded by Brig. Gen. Paul Kennedy, the Marines are helping to ease the piled up backup of aid material. They have brought in a UH-17 helicopter and four MV-22 Ospreys capable of short landing and takeoffs with a maximum load of 20,000 pounds of cargo so they can access remote rural areas.

The Ospreys should help break the logistics bottleneck. They will be used to deliver food and plastic sheets to drop off points in the mountains, where relief teams will distribute them.

""Nepal is the worse case scenario,"" said Kennedy, who has worked on natural disasters and knows Nepal well. ""It's landlocked, it's high altitude, it is going to tax even our military assets.""

Access to food and shelter is critical in the coming days for hundreds of thousands of Nepalis in the mountains. The epicenter of the earthquake is an area with just a few narrow and unstable dirt roads carved out of sheer mountain sides, making access exceedingly difficult. Mud and brick houses are perched on tiny terraced fields with meandering goat trails leading to them.

The earthquake not only flattened villages, hamlets and towns but it also cut them off from the rest of the country with massive landslides. Many now can only be accessed on foot or by helicopter.

Before the arrival of the U.S. aircraft, Nepal had been using for relief operations 27 helicopters — seven belonging to the Nepal army, six from private companies and 14 from the Indian government. There is also a critical need for more trucks that can carry relief goods as far as the roads go into the mountains.

This is just the beginning of what disaster experts call ""the sexy phase,"" the first response period when the world is focused on the disaster and donations pour in. It is very important to get this phase right so that reconstruction can take off, said Bill Berger the head of USAID's Disaster Assistance Response Team .

""There is not enough capacity in the world to get everything to all the people of Nepal right now,"" Berger said. ""It has to move out based on need. We also have to plan the long-term.""

Nearly all the Nepalis in the mountains are farmers. Every village has lost most of its young men to the Middle East and Malaysia, where they go for years to work as menial migrant workers, leaving behind parents, wives and sisters who now must fend with the overwhelming recovery challenges ahead.

Sindhupalchok, Nepal's hardest hit district, is a scene of total devastation. Some houses are just mounds of bricks, others are missing walls and roofs, and concrete buildings have fallen on their sides. While some aid has reached the devastation in the district's capital, Chautara, no one has stopped to help the villages and hamlets along the way.",1
1082,Is the GOP's stop Trump campaign too late?,"Washington (CNN) The Republican Party is waking up -- but it might already be too late.

Donald Trump's stroll toward the GOP presidential nomination is starting to turn the denial evident for months among key party power brokers to desperation. The mood of some in the party was aptly summed up Thursday by Republican lobbyist and former congressman Vin Weber on CNN's ""The Lead"" with Jake Tapper.

""All of a sudden, everybody is saying 'Oh My God — the house is burning down we should have done something before it got this far,'"" said Weber, who is supporting John Kasich in the presidential race and is calling on the party to unite behind the Ohio Governor.

Sen. Marco Rubio, who pulled out of the presidential race on Tuesday after failing to take down Trump, had a grim assessment of the Republican Party's state of play on his first day back at work in the Senate on Thursday.

""Hopefully there's time to still prevent a Trump nomination, which I think would fracture the party and be damaging to the conservative movement,"" Rubio told reporters.

Anti-Trump forces are getting a sense of the backlash they'd face if they deny him the nomination. Trump warned earlier this week on CNN's ""New Day"" that the convention could deteriorate into a ""riot"" if he is blocked from power.

And on Friday, a top Trump aide threatened to give up his credentials as a convention delegate and leave the Republican Party in a stark warning to the GOP about the ""consequences"" if Trump is blocked from the nomination.

""I will tell you this, if the Republican Party comes into that convention and jimmies with the rules and takes away the will of the people, the will of the Republicans and the Democrats and Independents who voted for Mr. Trump, I will take off my credentials, I will leave the floor of that convention, and I will leave the Republican Party forever,"" Sam Clovis, a national co-chair for Trump's campaign, said Friday on ""New Day.""

The deepening anxiety in the GOP was underscored by a meeting in Washington Thursday of prominent conservative leaders dedicated to finding a way to prevent Trump from securing the 1,237 delegates needed for the nomination.

Trump's failure to win Ohio on an otherwise successful night of primaries Tuesday opened a narrow window for opposing forces in the Republican Party to wrest the nomination from him because it lengthened his odds of winning a majority of delegates. If he does fall short, Trump could face an acrimonious contested convention in Cleveland in July.

Conservative activist Erick Erickson raised the specter of a ""unity"" ticket to stop Trump in a statement he issued after the meeting, noting that the party's revered icon Abraham Lincoln was not nominated until after the third convention ballot.

""We believe that the issue of Donald Trump is greater than an issue of party,"" the statement read. ""It is an issue of morals and character that all Americans, not just those of us in the conservative movement, must confront.""

One person at the meeting, Deborah DeMoss Fonseca, a former aide to late Sen. Jesse Helms, said that there was ""definitely a consensus of not wanting Donald Trump.""

""I think there's still several scenarios that could play out. And I think this particular group will look for whatever it is that's going to do it,"" she said.

Thursday's meeting was especially intriguing because it appeared to be the most concerted effort yet by the conservative movement, many of whose adherents view the New York real estate mogul as a political apostate, to stop Trump.

But it remained unclear whether the initiative would be any more successful than previous attempts by the Republican establishment to thwart Trump.

After all, a scorching speech by former GOP nominee Mitt Romney did nothing to slow the outspoken businessman. Nor did an extraordinary indictment by National Review, which devoted most of an issue to debunking Trump's conservative bona fides. And Trump boasted at his victory party on Tuesday night in Florida that he had won the Sunshine State despite a multi-million dollar negative ad blitz attacking him.

And every candidate who tried to destroy Trump by hammering him on policy, his past business deals or his sometimes vulgar outbursts — including Rubio, Jeb Bush, Rick Perry and Bobby Jindal -- only succeeded in sinking their own presidential prospects.

The conservative uprising on Thursday was not the only eye-opening example of the Stop Trump movement.

Former GOP candidate Lindsey Graham, who once said choosing between Trump and Cruz would be like picking between being shot and poisoned, made his choice. The South Carolina Senator told CNN's Dana Bash that he was now lining up behind the Texas Senator and would help raise money for him.

Graham admitted that Cruz was ""not well liked"" among his peers on Capitol Hill, but implied he was the lesser of two evils.

""I have doubts about Mr. Trump,"" Graham said. ""I don't think he's a Republican, I don't think he's a conservative, I think his campaign's built on xenophobia, race-baiting and religious bigotry. I think he'd be a disaster for our party and as Senator Cruz would not be my first choice, I think he is a Republican conservative who I could support.""

The most fundamental weakness in any organized effort to stop Trump in the remaining contests in the Republican nomination is the math after more than half the states have voted.

The billionaire only needs to win 55.5% of the remaining delegates to be awarded, according to a CNN estimate.

Although he has only won 47% of the delegates awarded so far, the field, now consisting of just Trump, Cruz and Kasich, is much narrower than before and some contests are now winner take all affairs and do not hand out delegates proportionally as was the case in many previous contests.

Republican political strategist Phillip Stutts said the next six weeks will be crucial in defining whether any attempt to deprive Trump of the nomination would even be possible.

""If Trump is not slowed down, there is not a convention fight to be had,"" Stutts said, pointing to a set of northeastern primaries on April 26 in Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island as critical to foes bent on stopping Trump.

Another complication for the anti-Trump forces is that the billionaire could be the strongest force in a string of coming primaries. To slow his march, Kasich must show he can harvest more than the single victory he has so far -- on his home ground of Ohio.

Alternatively, Cruz, who is Trump's closest rival with 418 delegates to the billionaire's 678, according to a CNN estimate, would have to show an appeal outside conservative heartland states that he is yet to demonstrate on a large scale.

The strength of Trump's position has some of his allies warning that any attempt to snatch victory from his grasp would not just be unfair, it would be futile.

Hopes that a compromise candidate could emerge at a contested convention also took a blow on Thursday when House Speaker Paul Ryan ruled himself out — though he admitted that a delegate showdown was becoming more likely in Cleveland.

As the idea of the first contested convention in decades is gathering steam, the institutional leadership of the Republican Party finds itself in an unenviable position.

Any attempt to deprive Trump of the nomination would not just cause uproar in a year in which establishment politicians have been toppled. It would effectively mean the disenfranchisement of 7.5 million voters who have backed Trump in the primary process so far -- voters who the GOP can ill afford to lose at a time when national demographics give Democrats an easier route to the White House.

That's why officials like Republican National Committee Communications Director Sean Spicer say that the process of selecting a nominee must be inviolate if a candidate reaches the magic number of 1,237 delegates.

""Our job is to wait until the voters decide who that nominee will be,"" Spicer told Wolf Blitzer on CNN's ""The Situation Room,"" calling on Republicans to unite to fight for the ""bigger prize"" -- depriving the Democrats of the White House.

If the latest attempts to thwart Trump fail, and party power brokers decide they cannot stomach the Republican nominee, there may be a third option by embracing the final stage of grief — acceptance — and trying to limit the damage that they believe having Trump at the top of their ticket would unleash.

That could mean striving to ensure that even if Democrats win the White House, they are unable to boost an incoming president by making significant gains in Congress.

""Keeping the majorities in the Senate and the House is for us where the donors should be putting their money,"" said Stutts.",1
1616,Rubio battles Cruz for Iowa edge,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1344,Insiders: Marco Rubio crashed and burned,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
640,Elizabeth Warren's speech attacking Donald Trump made a bigger argument about Republicans,"Most of the headlines from Sen. Elizabeth Warren’s speech at the American Constitution Society on Thursday were, understandably, about her attacks on Donald Trump.

Highlighting Warren’s rapid succession of fusillades against Trump makes sense. After all, outside of this election, you don’t often get sitting US senators publicly calling the other party's presidential nominee a ""racist bully"" who has ""never risked anything for anyone and who serves no one but himself.""

But Warren’s speech did much more than go after Trump. In her high-profile address, she pivoted from attacking the likely GOP nominee to attacking Republicans more generally, accusing the party’s leaders of orchestrating a prolonged ""assault"" on the independence of the federal judiciary in order to serve the wealthiest Americans.

For instance, when Warren highlighted Trump’s racist attacks against Judge Gonzalo Curiel, she said they were born from the same essential motivation as other mainstream Republican initiatives like the blockade of Merrick Garland’s Supreme Court nomination and the Citizens United decision on campaign finance: to help the richest of the rich.

""Donald Trump chose racism as his weapon,"" Warren said. ""But his aim is exactly the same as the rest of the Republicans: to pound the courts into submission for the rich and the powerful.""

Now, it should be noted that many leading Republicans, like Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, have condemned Trump's remarks about Curiel. So it doesn’t seem entirely fair to blame them for what Trump has said there.

But the line does give us insight into how one of the leading progressives sees Trump, and it suggests how a Warren-led Democratic Party might respond in 2016 and beyond.

Many Democrats have said that Trump’s rhetoric against Curiel amounts to proof that he’s uniquely unfit for the presidency, as a sign that he goes far beyond even what other Republicans are willing to say.

Warren didn’t take this approach. Over and over, she insisted that Trump’s comments about Curiel reflect the Republican attacks on the courts — the only difference being that they’re done with less tact.

Where do you suppose that Donald Trump got the idea that he can personally attack judges, regardless of the law, whenever they don't bend to the whims of billionaires and big businesses? He's a Mitch McConnell kind of candidate … He is exactly the kind of candidate you'd expect from a Republican Party whose script for several years has been to execute a full-scale assault on the integrity of our courts, blockading judicial appointments so Donald Trump can fill them. Smearing and intimidating nominees who do not pledge allegiance to the financial interests of the rich and powerful. Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell want Donald Trump to appoint the next generation of judges. They want those judges to tilt the law in favor of big businesses and billionaires like Donald Trump. They just want Donald Trump to quit being so vulgar and obvious about it.

Warren connected Trump’s attacks on Curiel to Republican obstructionism against the judicial branch going back years, citing their unwillingness to confirm appointees like District of Maryland nominee Paula Xinis.

She began the speech, for instance, by citing her Senate office’s new report, ""Going to Extremes: The Supreme Court and Senate Republicans’ Unprecedented Record of Obstruction of President Obama’s Nominees."" And she said wealthy corporations have flooded the political system with cash in an attempt to corrupt the judiciary.

""The purpose is also to hamstring the president's ability to protect consumers and workers, to hold large corporations accountable and promote equality,"" Warren said. ""In other words, to undermine the fundamental principle of equal justice under law.""

It seems pretty questionable whether obstructing federal judicial appointments is really comparable to Trump’s attacks against a judge’s heritage.

But whether you buy Warren’s interpretation or not, as a partisan political strategy it has distinct pros and cons.

On the one hand, attacking Trump by calling him a mainstream Republican is probably not going to be particularly devastating to Trump himself.

Hillary Clinton's best shot at a landslide victory might be peeling away centrist Republicans turned off by Trump. If that's the case, comparing Trump's most outlandish attacks to the policy decisions of the party’s leaders may not prove particularly convincing.

On the other hand, though, it could help Democrats in their effort to ensure that it’s not just Trump who goes down to defeat, but rather the Republican Party as a whole.",1
5050,Clinton Goes After Republican Vote In Rare Fox News Interview,"Hillary Clinton made the case for her presidential bid in a rare interview with Fox News Sunday, reaching out directly to the conservative show’s primary audience: older Republican voters, many of them distrustful of her liberal politics and her conduct as secretary of state, but even more terrified by Donald Trump’s unpredictable temperament and seeming coziness with Russia.

“We know that Donald Trump has shown a very troubling willingness to back up Putin, to support Putin, whether it's saying that NATO wouldn't come to the rescue of our allies if they were invaded” or “his praise for Putin—which is, I think, quite remarkable,” Clinton said, when asked by Fox host Chris Wallace about the recent hacking attack against the Democratic National Committee, which is widely believed to have been carried out by Russia in order to benefit Trump. Clinton didn’t go so far as to suggest that Russian President Vladimir Putin would prefer to see Trump in the White House, but she said it “raises serious issues about Russian interference in our elections, in our democracy.” Trump’s history of praising Putin also “raises national security issues,” she argued.

The sit-down interview, Clinton’s first since becoming the first female presidential nominee of a major party, and her first with Fox News Sunday in five years, was unusual for the veteran politician, who is often criticized for her sporadic interaction with the press. (Unlike Trump, who bombards the media constantly, Clinton hasn’t given a press conference in more than 200 days.) More unusual was what Clinton was trying to do: win over conservatives like George Will, who have been driven from the Republican Party by its decision to nominate as its standard-bearer a former reality TV star with little history of conservative principles.

Clinton faces a steep uphill climb, however, in convincing Republicans that she is trustworthy and won’t overstep her bounds as president on the issue of immigration, both issues that Fox News—which re-aired the 10 A.M. Fox interview—has repeatedly hammered her on over the last year. Confronted with the fact that two-third of voters say they don’t trust her, the former secretary of state acknowledged she had to do more (“I have work to do to make sure people know what I have done and what I will do”) but argued that Americans’ impression of her is a caricature, not reality. “When I left office as Secretary of State, 66 percent of Americans approved of what I do,” she told Wallace. “I think that it's fair for Americans to have questions. I hope you'll ask Donald Trump why he is so untrusted by the American people.”

The Democratic nominee also sought to allay Republican voters’ fears that she would take away or limit access to guns as president, a major obstacle to winning over uncertain conservatives who are worried about Trump. “I'm not looking to repeal the Second Amendment. I'm not looking to take people's guns away,” Clinton insisted, repeating what she had said in her Democratic National Convention speech last week, during which she had accepted her party’s nomination for president. “But I am looking for more support for the reasonable efforts that need to be undertaken to keep guns out of the wrong hands,” she continued. “The vast majority of Americans including gun owners support the kind of common sense reforms that I'm proposing.”

Clinton’s interview with Wallace was the latest in a series of moves by the presidential nominee to expand her voting base beyond liberal and centrist Democrats to include more conservative voters. Days before, right-leaning pundits had watched with some concern as the Democratic National Convention gleefully co-opted an iconography and vocabulary traditionally belonging to Republicans: giant American flags, patriotic chants, and a parade of high-ranking military officials, police officers, former Reagan officials, and even Michael Bloomberg, once a Republican himself. The spectacle was, they fretted, more American than their own convention, a weeklong celebration of Trump.

Clinton’s interview augurs potential difficulty on the horizon as she seeks to unite believers of old-fashioned, Reagan-era conservatism, with the ideals of a socialist from Vermont and his legion of scrappy supporters. But if anyone can scare more people into the Democratic Party’s big tent, it’s Donald Trump—and Clinton is holding open the doors. Already there are suggestions that the Democratic nominee could soon receive the endorsement of high-profile dissenters within the Republican ranks, even if it risks alienating some portion of her liberal base. Fox News itself may soon be shifting toward the center, as Rupert Murdoch’s sons, James and Lachlan move to reinvent the network in the wake of Roger Ailes’ departure amid a sexual harassment scandal. If there’s anyone who can capitalize on the coming shakeup with a carefully-tuned strategy of triangulation, it’s another Clinton.",1
3645,A standard dejection in the IRS help line,"By midmorning, the line of taxpayers outside the IRS office stretched along the marble wall, past the elevators and water fountain, back to the metal detectors near the entrance of the Earle Cabell Federal Building.

Andrew Concha came out into the hall holding a purple sign. He checked his watch — 11:04 a.m. — then calculated how many people could be seen before the Taxpayer Assistance Center closed at 4:30 p.m. He placed the sign behind the 17th customer, signaling to the other 30 or so in line that their chance of seeing a specialist that day was slim.

“I’m not technically turning them away yet,” Concha explained. “I’m letting them know it may not be in their interest to wait three to four hours to see someone.”

With Tax Day approaching, it was the best the IRS could offer.

Five years of budget cuts by Congress have left the agency so cash-strapped that Commissioner John Koskinen doesn’t bother sugarcoating the state of customer service. “It’s abysmal,” he said.

Nationwide, only 4 in 10 callers to the agency’s toll-free help line are getting through to a real person. The number of “courtesy disconnects” — a euphemism for an overloaded system hanging up on the customer — has reached 5 million so far this year, the agency reported.

When callers do get a real person, they can forget about asking questions that require expertise. These are now considered “out of scope.” The customer-service agents have been instructed to only tell callers what tax forms they need, where to get them and where to look for online information. Staff can no longer offer line-by-line assistance, provide guidance on tax planning or tax law, or help make payment arrangements.

And with 5,000 fewer agents than four years ago to go after tax cheats, officials estimate that $2 billion in revenue will go uncollected.

At the Dallas tax assistance center, there’s an empty space where the office printer sat before it was yanked out. The maintenance contract was too expensive. The shelves in the Forms Room are mostly bare. The 40-page P-17, the bible of tax-return preparation, now costs $23 and must be ordered online.

Overcrowding at the Dallas center came to a head in February when the fire marshal showed up and notified its manager, Johnny Holiday, that he couldn’t have customers sitting on the floor and blocking exits and walking space. So now, no one gets in the door unless the person has a seat in one of the 40 chairs in the waiting area.

Late last month, Holiday called security officers when a man lunged at an employee, cursing, after waiting two hours to drop off documents for an audit.

Holiday spends his time devising strategies to bring order to an office that, this being the IRS, should thrive on order. Twenty minutes before the doors open at 8:30 a.m. on a recent morning, he’s making sure that the Line Elimination Team is in place. Its job is do triage on the line, pulling customers out of the queue who have straightforward requests, such as asking to make a payment or to get a copy of an old return. Employees move along the line, handing out paper tickets as at the deli counter, asking customers in Spanish and in English why they are here.

This task takes three of his specialists. That leaves only eight others to meet with taxpayers and answer their questions.

As money has gotten tighter, the demands have grown. Two years ago, another walk-in center in DeSoto, 16 miles south of Dallas, closed, leaving the IRS office in the Earle Cabell building to absorb the business.

With its gray carpets, dropped ceilings with fluorescent lights and keypad-coded doors five blocks from where John F. Kennedy was shot, the 16-story building in downtown Dallas built in 1968 is a monument to a time when there was more optimism about the federal government.

Since 2010, Republicans on Capitol Hill have slashed the IRS budget by $1.2 billion, or about 17 percent, adjusting for inflation. Just this fiscal year, $346 million was cut.

By contrast, cuts across the rest of the government have been far more modest and concentrated. Between 2012 and 2014, automatic spending reductions shrank non-defense spending, as adjusted for inflation, by 1.3 percent, while IRS spending was chopped 5.6 percent, according to Scott Lilly, a budget expert at the Center for American Progress.

Even in an era of shrinking government, conservatives’ antipathy toward the tax-collection agency stands out. It is punishment for a string of missteps: an extravagant conference for employees in Anaheim, Calif., the targeting of conservative groups seeking tax exemptions, $1 million in bonuses given to agency employees who didn’t pay their federal taxes.

“We deliberately lowered IRS funding to a level that will make the IRS think twice about what you’re doing and why you’re doing it,” Rep. Ander Crenshaw (R-Fla.), who chairs the House panel that sets the agency’s budget, said at a hearing last month. The IRS, he said, should “focus on core missions providing taxpayer services.”

Leslie Paige, vice president for policy and communications at Citizens Against Government Waste, said every government agency could sustain deep cuts and in particular the IRS.

“I think taxpayers and their representatives need to think long and hard about throwing more money at an agency that has proven that it persistently mismanages and wastes the money they have gotten in the past,” she said.

As funding has declined, the agency’s workload has grown. The IRS is helping to administer subsidies and compliance under President Obama’s health-care law and dealing with other new wrinkles in the tax code. It is also battling an epidemic of identity theft and new, sophisticated cheating schemes. Since the budget cuts, employees have processed 11 percent more returns, the IRS said.

Koskinen, hired to restore trust in the IRS, is also looking for money to upgrade a system that still runs on COBOL, the computer language that debuted half a century ago. He needs more revenue agents. In Dallas, they only go after people who’ve cheated the government out of $1 million or more.

“At this point it is a little frustrating when people say, ‘We keep cutting your budget so you’ll be more efficient,’ ” Koskinen said.

When Jerry Reed finally made it to a cubicle inside the Dallas center, Andrew Concha apologized for the long wait. Reed just shrugged his shoulders.

Reed’s tax return had been flagged because it reflected a refund of more than $10,000. The IRS suspected that Reed was a victim of identity theft. In reality, Reed was due the refund because he had taken a large business loss when his consulting business failed.

He tried to resolve the confusion online but couldn’t figure how to proceed. He called the toll-free line, waited on hold for 90 minutes and hung up. Then he drove to the federal building one day after work, but he was too late to get a ticket. In the past, IRS employees would work as late as midnight during tax season, but now, with the elimination of overtime pay, they go home at 4:30 p.m.

“Because of the cuts, people have really lost patience with us,” Concha said.

In the high-rise building next door, money ran out for 200 seasonal employees a full month before the April 15 deadline, and they are being sent home, agency officials said.

“They know the minute we say, ‘I’m going to have to transfer you to someone who can answer your question,’ they’re going to be on hold for a number of hours,” said Donna Miller, an agent working for the local chapter of the National Treasury Employees Union.

Just then, an announcement came over the loudspeaker inviting all employees to Room 212 at 1 p.m. for a retirement party for a woman named Peg. Peg was not being replaced because of an IRS hiring freeze.

No choice but to wait

It has fallen to Chris Caroll, the operations manager, to buck up his beleaguered staff. Bald with a goatee, he walks the seven floors of cubicles every day, urging employees to e-mail, call and knock on his door if they need to talk.

“We knew we had to be empathetic versus the typical management style,” he said. Yet he cannot even order them calendars, calculators or rulers.

Back downstairs, Laurence Zeigler had figured out that he wouldn’t get to see anyone at the IRS on this day. All he needed, he said, was to give them his correct address. Near the exit, his credentials in a faded gray folder that long ago carried his vo-tech diploma, he vented to a friendly security guard.

“Man, I just got laid off,” he said. “It’s like, I really need that money.” His $400 refund had been held up by an incomplete return.

“I would just call them,” the guard offered. Waiting on hold did not sound like a great idea to Zeigler.

Concha had come back out to check on the line.

“If you get in this line, the wait will be two hours,” he told an anxious woman, who wanted to make sure her automated tax payment went through after her bank changed. “If you get inside, it will be another two hours.”

“Did you say, another two hours?” someone called out. It was Kim Garrett, on her fifth visit to clear up the matter of her Social Security number, which she said the IRS didn’t have.

“You can’t call,” Garrett said, to anyone who would listen. “You can’t get online, and you can’t see anybody. What are your options?”

The others in line nodded in agreement.",1
719,The Dems’ lethal weapon: Elizabeth Warren is the only Democrat that can cut Donald Trump down to size,"How do you solve a problem like Donald Trump? Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign team is trying to figure that out with an effort that can best be described at the moment as “throwing a forest full of mud at the wall and seeing what sticks.” Which is fine this far from the election, especially with Clinton’s opponent in the Democratic primary still out there campaigning hard for the nomination despite the math being against him. For Team Clinton, there is nothing wrong at the moment with trying out some different lines of attack on Trump, finding those that resonate, and then fine-tuning them.

But until either the campaign finishes fine-tuning or figures out a way to beam these moments from the 2011 White House Correspondent’s Dinner speech directly into voters’ brains 24/7 for the next six months, they have Elizabeth Warren. The senator from Massachusetts is already showing herself to be the most effective Clinton surrogate out there. This is partly by default, as there are not a whole lot of high-profile Democrats yet making the case against Trump. But does anyone think Harry Reid can make a more persuasive case to motivate voters to turn out in November?

It is hard to understate how smartly Warren is playing this game, even if you cynically assume her recent attacks on Trump are solely about positioning herself to become the leading candidate to run as Clinton’s vice president. (Which is not an assumption I’m making.) But so far, she is doing a better job of drawing a contrast between what the two parties stand for, or at least could stand for in terms of fighting for economic justice for working- and middle-class Americans, than any other public figure. Including Bernie Sanders, whose campaign in recent days seems to have devolved mostly into arguments about process and flipping superdelegates at the convention in Philadelphia this summer.

Warren’s genius lies in her ability to take big concepts and distil them down into simple goals for Americans, such as being able to buy their own homes, send their kids to college, and participate in what used to quaintly be called the American Dream. She’s not stoking anger in service of demanding we overturn the established order. What the people want, she seems to say, is their own share, for which they have worked and saved and fought. What they want is their own little corner within the system, with reasonable economic security and access to the tools that help make that possible.

Donald Trump can still have his penthouse in Trump Tower and his estate in Florida and who cares? Just so long as he’s abiding by the implicit social contract the nation has long followed, which says that we empower policies that ensure future generations can have it just as good, or even better, than we do. She seems incredulous that anyone could want otherwise. As she told the crowd in a speech at a gala honoring the Center for Popular Democracy on Tuesday: Donald Trump was drooling over the idea of a housing meltdown because it meant he could buy up a bunch more property on the cheap. What kind of a man does that? Root for people to get thrown out on the street? Root for people to lose their jobs? Root for people to lose their pensions? Root for two little girls in Clark County, Nevada, to end up living in a van? What kind of a man does that? Watch the speech and you can nearly see the contempt dripping from her lips and splattering on the lectern. This could be a remarkably effective counter to Trump’s jingoistic, chest-pounding promises to “make America great again,” which explicitly tend to exclude certain groups and elide the fact that many of his policies, such as upper-end-heavy tax cuts and repealing the Dodd-Frank banking reforms, would really only make America great again for people in a certain racial and economic strata that have quickly recovered their equilibrium after the financial upheavals of the last decade and a half. It’s a call for community and justice that does not actually demonize any citizens except one: Donald J. Trump. Of course, Warren will want to be careful, to dole this stuff out in small bursts and avoid over-exposure. But she can weave the story of America’s economically left behind into a morality play that takes aim at the villain nominated by the GOP, and do so without demagogy better than anyone else on the Democrats’ shallow bench right now. Better than Sanders or Clinton or the Big Dog, or maybe even Joe Biden, who is going to stay on the sidelines until later in the summer anyway. She’s the party’s best weapon for harnessing the energy of the left wing and the disaffection of average citizens, if it can keep using her effectively.",1
611,"poll: Alarm, anxiety","Republican Pat McCrory is trailing in a tight race, but his campaign is challenging votes.",1
223,"Paul Ryan, a highway bill, and the political virtue of patience (+video)","A long-term highway bill, passed by the House Thursday, took years to work its way to the surface of a Congress that was never designed for the quick fix.

House Speaker Paul Ryan (R) of Wisconsin smiles during his news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington on Thursday. The House has voted to continue transportation programs for six years with no significant increase in spending.

In the new House of Ryan, where lawmakers have been promised a greater say in legislating, members burned the midnight oil this week as they worked through scores of amendments to overwhelmingly pass a six-year, bipartisan highway bill on Thursday.

It was the first long-term bill in a decade to repair America’s crumbling roads, bridges, and transit systems, and members jumped at the new opportunity to give their input.

“There’s a lot of pent-up, legislative energy around here, and when a real piece of legislation comes along that impacts every district in America dramatically … then a lot of people have a lot of ideas,” says Rep. Peter DeFazio (D) of Oregon, the top Democrat on the House Transportation Committee and lead co-sponsor of the bill.

The past few days have taught a lesson: patience. But ask Congressman DeFazio, and he'll say the patience needed to bring this bill to reality has been measured in years, not hours or days. He’s been working toward this day since he was named a subcommittee chairman in 2007. His own president resisted his efforts. Then the House changed hands.

Even now, he acknowledges, the bill isn't what he wanted, since it keeps spending flat and is funded for only three years. But after such a long slog, he's pleased. “I’ve never really stopped working on it.”

In life, patience is a virtue, and on Capitol Hill, doubly so. Congress was never designed for the quick fix. The Founding Fathers deliberately created two very different chambers so that there would be an opportunity for “second thoughts,” as former Senate historian Don Ritchie puts it.

Turning ideas into a workable form and winning backing for a bill as big as this requires educating members, hearing them out, negotiating, and working with outside interests. It can take years to get to yes.

Yet that’s easily forgotten or dismissed by some newcomers. This is especially true in the age of Twitter, when voters know instantly what their senator or representative did – or didn’t do – and then make their demands for instant results immediately known.

Consider freshman Sen. Marco Rubio (R) of Florida, a man in a hurry to become president. He got fed up with the slow pace of the Senate, where in his first year in 2011 he asked in a floor speech, “Do we just stand around and do nothing?”

For lawmakers who were once top dogs at home – Senator Rubio was speaker of the House in Florida – it’s frustrating to arrive as a pup in a slow-moving Congress that values seniority.

In his early years, Rubio was left to author symbolic resolutions such as one that congratulated the Miami Heat for their NBA championship. He got his big break when he joined the “Gang of Eight” senators who pushed bipartisan immigration reform through the Senate in 2013. Then he watched it die slowly from neglect in the House.

If he’s elected president, “we can begin to fix some of these issues that I’ve been so frustrated we’ve been unable to address during my time in the Senate,”  Rubio told NBC’s Matt Lauer recently. Has the Floridian talked to President Obama – himself a sprinting former senator – about the frustrations of working with Congress, even when your party controls both houses?

John Boehner underscored the need for patience when he gave up the speaker’s gavel to Paul Ryan (R) of Wisconsin last week. “Real change takes time,” the outgoing speaker said to a packed chamber, as he reflected on his accomplishments. “Freedom makes all things possible. But patience is what makes all things real.”

A subtle dig at the hard-line, rebellious Freedom Caucus, who drove him out of the speakership?

“When you get people who are impatient and ideologically driven, they feel like fish out of water” in Congress, says former House historian Raymond Smock. “The truth of the matter is, they are, because ideology is the opposite of pragmatism.”

A functioning Congress requires its members to want to govern, Mr. Smock says. Many people have many ideas on how to fix things, but the country is a big, wide place and the world is complicated. “Things are not so simple, and ideology tends to make things simple.”

He quotes former Democratic Speaker Tip O’Neill: “If you want efficient government, get yourself a dictatorship.”

Frustration with the slowly turning gears of Congress is not new. Howard Shuman, an aide to former Sen. Paul Douglas (D) of Illinois during the civil rights fights of the 1950s and ’60s, told historian Ritchie in an  oral history about his “seven-year principle.”

That’s how long he found it took to get from the inception of a significant legislative idea to its passage.

“Most of the major legislation I worked on, that was new, forward looking, which started out heavily opposed and without a mandate, after seven years of convincing, of publicity, of talking, of arguing, of hearings, finally made it.... It took that much time, and that much effort, and that much struggle to come off. ‘Struggle’ is the word.”

In truth, the battle over the highway bill isn't even finished yet. It could get full, six-year funding when House and Senate negotiators come together to hammer out the final version.

At points, Congress has tried to make itself more efficient. After World War II, for instance, it tried joint committees, so witnesses wouldn’t have to testify twice. It didn’t work, mainly because the House and Senate are such different bodies – one controlled by the majority, the other designed to operate more by consensus.

Crises, such as wars and economic catastrophes, can speed up action. And when things get really stuck, lawmakers try changing the rules – such as Speaker Ryan says he wants to do. Ironically, by opening up the process so that his members – particularly the Freedom Caucus – have more say and fewer gripes, it will take longer to get things done. On the other hand, it may also give him the buy-in he needs to move bills forward.

“Everyone wants to feel part of the process and have their proposal considered,” says Rep. John Mica (R) of Florida, the former chairman of the Transportation Committee, in an interview. Speaker Boehner, too, opened up the process when he took over, but power eventually massed back at the top – partly for greater efficiency.

This goes in cycles, says Congressman Mica. “Now that there’s been a rebellion, we’ll go back to this open process and see how it works.”

DeFazio, on the other side of the aisle, thinks it could work well.

“This is the way it used to be. We got more things done back then, even though it was more time consuming.”",1
5044,'Repugnant': Families of War Dead Demand Apology From Trump,"The families of 17 service members who died fighting for the U.S. demanded an apology from Donald Trump on Monday, accusing him of ""cheapening the sacrifice made by those we lost.""

They said the Republican presidential nominee's suggestion that the Muslim mother of a U.S. soldier who died in Iraq had not ""been allowed"" to speak at the Democratic National Convention was akin to ""attacking us.""

A letter signed by the Gold Star families — the term for those who have lost loved ones during military service — also called Trump's comments ""repugnant, and personally offensive.""

""When you question a mother's pain, by implying that her religion, not her grief, kept her from addressing an arena of people, you are attacking us,"" the letter added. ""When you say your job building buildings is akin to our sacrifice, you are attacking our sacrifice.""

The letter was organized by Gold Star Mother Karen Meredith from VoteVets.org, an advocacy group that calls itself non-partisan but which has been described in the past as allied to Congressional Democrats. The Center for Responsive Politics says VoteVets.org is fueled ""largely by social welfare organizations aligned with Democrats and millions of dollars given by unions.""

Over the weekend, Trump questioned why Ghazala Khan stood by quietly as her husband Khizr Khan talked about their son Humayun at the DNC.

In the speech, Khan criticized Trump's policies and statements about Muslims. The real estate magnate ""sacrificed nothing and no one,"" Khan said, and questioned whether the Republican had even read the U.S. Constitution.

The Khans' son, a U.S. Army captain, was killed by a car bomb in 2004 while guarding the gates of his base in Iraq, saving the lives of his fellow soldiers and civilians. He was posthumously awarded a Bronze Star and Purple Heart.

Related: Father of Fallen Soldier to Trump: 'You Have Sacrificed Nothing'

Trump, who has called for Muslims to be barred from entering the country, responded to the speech by saying that maybe Ghazala Khan had ""not been allowed to have anything to say.""

Trump's comments go ""beyond politics,"" according to the letter. ""It is about a sense of decency. That kind decency you mock as 'political correctness.'""

It added: ""We feel we must speak out and demand you apologize to the Khans, to all Gold Star families, and to all Americans for your offensive, and frankly anti-American, comments.""

The letter's signatories were 10 families whose loved ones died in Iraq and one that lost a father in Vietnam.

And one of the nation's most prominent veterans groups -- the Veterans of Foreign Wars -- added its voice to the controversy Monday, calling Trump's criticisms of the Kahn family ""out of bounds.""

""Election year or not, the VFW will not tolerate anyone berating a Gold Star family member for exercising his or her right of speech or expression,"" said organization chief Brian Duffy in a statement. ""There are certain sacrosanct subjects that no amount of wordsmithing can repair once crossed. Giving one's life to nation is the greatest sacrifice, followed closely by all Gold Star families, who have a right to make their voices heard.""

Trump did not immediately respond to Monday's letter from the families. He previously hit back at criticism from the Khan family, saying he had ""made a lot of sacrifices ... I work very, very hard. I've created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs.""

However, he tweeted about Khizr Khan on Monday morning.

Trump also took to Twitter Sunday to defend past statements about Islam, terrorism and his record on the war in Iraq.

Trump's comments have sparked a firestorm on social media and forced some GOP grandees to criticize the Republican nominee.

His own running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, issued a statement Sunday saying he and Trump ""believe that Capt. Humayun Khan is an American hero and his family, like all Gold Star families, should be cherished by every American.""

Other Republican leaders have also weighed in.

""'Unacceptable' doesn't even begin to describe it,"" said Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, who unsuccessfully opposed Trump for the Republican nomination.

""This is going to a place where we've never gone before, to push back against the families of the fallen,"" he said in a statement. ""There used to be some things that were sacred in American politics — that you don't do — like criticizing the parents of a fallen soldier even if they criticize you. ""

Ghazala Khan also addressed Trump's comments in an opinion piece in the Washington Post on Sunday, writing: ""Here is my answer to Donald Trump: Because without saying a thing, all the world, all America, felt my pain. I am a Gold Star mother. Whoever saw me felt me in their heart.""

She added: ""Donald Trump said I had nothing to say. I do. My son Humayun Khan, an Army captain, died 12 years ago in Iraq. He loved America, where we moved when he was 2 years old.""

The emotional piece recounts how she and her husband worried about their middle son's safety when he was called to fight in Iraq.

""We asked if there was some way he could not go, because he had already done his service. He said it was his duty,"" she wrote.

She also addressed his comments about Muslims and sacrifice, stating: ""When Donald Trump is talking about Islam, he is ignorant.""

Ghazala Khan added: ""Donald Trump said he has made a lot of sacrifices. He doesn't know what the word sacrifice means.""

On Friday, she explained to MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell that she was anxious during her husband's speech, knowing her son's photo would appear behind her.

""It was very nervous, because I cannot see my son's picture and I cannot even come in the room where his pictures are, and that's why when I saw the picture on my back, I couldn't take it. And I controlled myself at that time, so it is very hard,"" she said.

Khizr Khan told O'Donnell that he could not have appeared at the DNC without his wife's close support.

Speaking to NBC's TODAY on Monday, Khan said he was also grateful for an ""outpouring"" of support he had received in the wake of his speech. He had received many emails ""full of assurances that I am right — that we are right.""

On Sunday, Khan told ""Meet the Press"" that ""we have a candidate without a moral compass, without empathy for its citizens.""

""We don't take these values lightly,"" he said. ""We are testament to the goodness of this country. We experience the goodness of this country every day.""

He also responded to a Trump campaign statement saying the candidate he believes Capt. Khan is ""a hero to our country.""

While he appreciated the clarification, Khan added that ""it sounds so disingenuous because of his policies, because of his rhetoric of hatred, of derision, of dividing us. And that is why I implored him to read the Constitution.""",1
401,Hillary Clinton's first test,"“We obviously spoke about my passion and his passion, which [is] veterans and veterans issues,” he said.",1
2427,"Republicans keep scanning the horizon for path to scrap, replace ObamaCare","At 10:16 p.m. on Aug. 15, 1977, astronomer Jerry Ehman culled through data collected by the super-powered ""Big Ear"" radio telescope in Delaware, Ohio.

And there it was.

Staring back at Ehman was something SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) investigators had never found before or since. The data transcript collected by the Big Ear revealed an astonishingly strong, non-terrestrial signal which didn't even originate in our solar system. The anomaly lasted for 72 seconds. Experts believe it emanated from the constellation Sagittarius. Scientists contend the event observed by Ehman is the best candidate for a non-organic, extraterrestrial signal ever documented on Earth.

A computer chronicling the episode spat out a vertical, alphanumerical series onto a dot matrix printer: 6EQUJ5.

Ehman quickly circled the sequence and scribbled but a single word: ""Wow!""

The aberration became known as the ""Wow! Signal."" Scientists have struggled to replicate Ehman's finding or locate a similar beacon there or anywhere in the cosmos. All efforts ended in failure. Ehman's episode stands alone.

When it comes to ObamaCare, congressional Republicans find themselves in a similar bind. They're like scientists trying to locate the Wow! Signal. For six years now, congressional Republicans have made an effort to take out the health care law. Better yet, lay low the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and replace it with something else. Remember the GOP's old ""repeal and replace"" mantra from the Pledge to America, circa 2010?

But there are two problems: Republicans have yet to come anywhere close to repealing the health care law. More importantly, they have yet to craft any legislation which would replace ObamaCare.

Congressional Republicans are a lot like scientists. If they could, they'd staff the Very Large Array radio astronomy observatory in New Mexico or take shifts at the Arecibo Observatory radio telescope in Puerto Rico. Six years since a Democrat-led Congress first toiled on ObamaCare and five years since the president signed the bill into law, Republicans still scour the frequencies for the health care equivalent of the Wow! Signal. A legislative transmission from above that would fundamentally tilt the ACA.

However, even Jerry Ehman detected the ""Wow! Signal"" once. ObamaCare opponents just keep coming up empty.

Something big has to happen soon for Republicans. ObamaCare is the law of the land. And if a ""Wow!"" transmission is out there, it could come from an intergalactic source as mysterious as that perceived extraterrestrial source in Sagittarius: the U.S. Supreme Court. In just a few weeks, the high court will render its decision in King v. Burwell, a case evaluating the qualification of subsidies for the health care law. The Supreme Court could impale the ACA, ruling subsidies unconstitutional for some ObamaCare beneficiaries. Such an outcome could be catastrophic for the law. It also means that Republicans -- having talked a good game for years with little to show for it -- had better turn up their dials to capture that ""Wow!"" broadcast. The onus is on them.

A working group of key House members has prepped for Supreme Court scenarios for months. House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Fred Upton, R-Mich., Education and the Workforce Committee Chairman John Kline, R-Minn., and Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan, R-Wis., are the players here. They want to give states the chance to sidestep mandates which compel people to purchase insurance and void requirements that companies provide care for their employees. The trio also wants states to have the option to back away from ObamaCare.

House Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price, R-Ga., is also crafting a package of tax incentives and tax credits which consumers could use to buy health coverage.

It's anybody's guess, though, if these members will get the traction necessary to move a bill on the floor. Then-House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, R-Va., and House Republican Conference Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers, R-Wash., spearheaded a working group a few years ago to find an ObamaCare replacement plan. No accord ever materialized. The reason Republicans never put an ObamaCare replacement bill on the floor is because the GOP rank-and-file never coalesced around a plan which could pass.

Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., faces a potentially tough re-election in a swing state next year. Mindful of the policy calamity which could upend Capitol Hill after the Supreme Court ruling, the Wisconsin Republican authored a bill to maintain the subsidies for health care -- but only for a few more years. In exchange, the Obama administration would have to end the individual and employer mandates for insurance.

But past is prologue here. It's anyone's guess if Johnson's idea could vault two parliamentary hurdles and secure supermajorities just to get the bill on the floor and stave off a filibuster. And no one knows what the appetite is for such legislation in the House. Republicans aren't going to get help from Democrats. It's unlikely that staunch conservatives would vote for anything short of a full, unvarnished repeal.

Hence, the continual sky sweep by the legislative stargazers, searching for the ""Wow! Signal.""

Health care is front and center Thursday in Washington. Last summer, the House of Representatives voted to sue the Obama administration over taking ""unilateral actions"" in administering the ACA. The GOP-led House charged that President Obama couldn't arbitrarily tweak and adjust deadlines and provisos in the law without the consent of Congress. Those allegations go before a federal court Thursday.

The House alleges that the administration waived the employer mandate when it shouldn't have. Ironically, most conservatives want to dump the employer mandate. But they didn't like it when the administration altered the terms of that mandate without congressional action. Moreover, the House says the law spends money which Congress never allocated toward implementing the law. The House contends that subverts the Constitution.

""Time and again, the president has chosen to rewrite the law whenever it suits him,"" said House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, in a statement. ""No president is above accountability to the Constitution and the rule of law.""

The House's lawsuit certainly does a lot for the GOP base and energizes Republican members -- eager to demonstrate that Obama extends his reach beyond constitutional parameters. That may be so. This exercise extends the conversation about ObamaCare. But it doesn't cut to the root of the problem facing Republicans when it comes to unraveling the law. This is a separate track which still doesn't dial in the ""Wow! Signal.""

A definitive plan that can react to King v. Burwell (presuming the case goes the way GOPers want it to go) remains elusive. But until that happens, congressional Republicans sweep the legislative frequencies, searching for that interstellar health care solution.

If and when they finally get it, they can mimic the penmanship of Jerry Ehman and his finding on a hot summer night in 1977. ""Wow!,"" they can write, having discovered a legislative path no one detected before on health care.

Capitol Attitude is a weekly column written by members of the Fox News Capitol Hill team. Their articles take you inside the halls of Congress, and cover the spectrum of policy issues being introduced, debated and voted on there.",1
5056,An open letter to Mr. Khizr Khan,"Editor's note: The following column originally appeared on the website US Defense Watch. It is reprinted with permission.

I, like millions of Americans saw your speech at the DNC on Thursday night.

I wish to offer my sympathy for the death of your son, Captain Humayun Khan, who was killed in action in Iraq.

As a former US Army officer, and a veteran of the Gulf War, I can certainly understand the pain and anguish that you and your wife endure every day.

Your son died saving the lives of his fellow soldiers. As Jesus told his disciples, according to the Gospel of John, Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.

Captain Khan is a hero. I am sure the soldiers he served with regard him as one. I know you and your wife do. Rest assured that millions of veterans regard your son as a hero as well.

To paraphrase from the Book of Ecclesiasticus, your son’s name liveth for evermore.

Your son made the ultimate sacrifice for his country, a country that was new to you and your family and one which you openly embraced and certainly love.

When you and your family arrived to America from Pakistan, you assimilated into our country. You adopted American ways, learned our history and apparently you even acquired a pocket Constitution along the way. Good for you sir.

But, there are many Muslims in America who not only have no desire to assimilate, but wish to live under Sharia Law.

That is unacceptable to Americans. There is only one law of the land. That is the U.S. Constitution.

As you well know, Mr. Khan, we live in violent times, dangerous times. Muslim madmen from ISIS and other radical Jihadi groups are on a murder and terror spree across the globe.

Your religion of peace, Islam, is anything but that in 2016. That is a fact that is confirmed every time a Muslim shoots, bombs, beheads and tortures innocent men, women and children. This does not mean that every Muslim is a terrorist, but most terrorists, sir, are indeed Muslims.

A Muslim terrorist attack has become the sign of the times.

Regardless of what the feckless, naïve, leftist ideologue Barack Obama and his dimwitted colleagues John Kerry, Francois Hollande and Angela Merkel state, the United States and the West are at war with Radical Islam. It is the job of the president of the United States to protect his nation from all enemies; foreign and domestic. Unfortunately, Mr. Obama romanticizes Islam and refuses to accept reality, which has resulted in the deaths of thousands of innocent people across the world.

Groups like ISIS and Al Qaeda have one goal, the complete destruction of the Judeo-Christian culture, our religions and our way of life.

Many Americans have families that have been here for decades, even centuries. Many families like mine have relatives who fought in the Civil War, WWI, WWII, Korea, Vietnam and Desert Storm. Some families have relatives who fought in the American Revolution.

We don’t plan on letting our country be devoured by Muslim maniacs. We are Americans sir, and not unarmed, socialist European zombies. We will do what is necessary to protect the United States. While many Democrats and liberals see the world through rose colored glasses, conservatives understand that there is good and evil in this world. Evil must be destroyed before it destroys us.

Strong measures, wartime measures, must be taken to protect this country from those that wish to annihilate us and our way of life.

Mr. Trump’s plan to temporarily halt immigration from Muslim countries that are known to either support terrorism or harbor terrorist groups is not only pragmatic, but indeed it is constitutional. It is the constitutional duty of the president of the United States to protect this nation.

There is simply no way to vet hundreds of thousands of Muslim refugees from war zones like Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan.

Europe is being destroyed because reckless leaders like Angela Merkel have opened the continent’s doors to a flood of over one million undocumented Muslims arriving with nothing more than a bad attitude and a haversack of Jihad.

Do you think Americans are stupid? While the left lives in a dream world, the right does not. Mr. Trump understands the threat to his nation and the threat, sir, is not from Swedish Lutherans named Anna and Lars. The threat, sir, is from radical Islam.

How in God’s name are U.S. immigration authorities supposed to know the true intentions of a 22-year-old Syrian man? It is impossible. You know it is impossible.

How in God’s name are U.S. immigration authorities supposed to know the true intentions of hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees and thousands of other sundry Muslims who wish to arrive on our shores?

It is impossible. You know it is impossible.

Whether you, your wife, the Muslim world and millions of Democrats are offended by Mr. Trump’s realistic view of the world is irrelevant.

Whether you, your wife and son would have been prohibited from emigrating from Pakistan to America under Mr. Trump’s wartime plan is irrelevant. The security of this great land supersedes your desires and the desires of others who wish to come here now. The United States of America has no obligation to open its doors in order to placate foreigners and liberals in our government.

To adopt any other course but Mr. Trump’s would be a cause for further endangering the lives of Americans every day. That, sir, is unacceptable.

You attacked Mr. Trump in front of a worldwide audience, yet you can’t understand the fact that he defends himself against attacks from you, Hillary Clinton and the left. What else is one to do sir?

We must live in a world of reality, not a world of denial, delusion and fantasy the Democrats inhabit every waking day of their lives.

Radical Islam is the enemy of everyone on this planet who believes in freedom and justice. Until it is destroyed, this nation must protect itself from enemies both foreign and domestic.

Ray Starmann is the founder of US Defense Watch. He is a former U.S. Army Intelligence officer and veteran of the Gulf War, where he served with the 4th Squadron, 7th Cavalry, 3rd Armored Division “Spearhead!” Mr. Starmann was a contributing writer for several years at SFTT.org, founded by the late Colonel David Hackworth.",1
4218,"Protesters try to block access to Trump rally in Arizona, ahead of big primary in border state","Protesters in Arizona briefly blocked access to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s rally Saturday morning in Arizona, kicking off a full day of campaign events in the border state, which holds key primaries Tuesday.

The protesters blocked a highway leading to Trump’s outdoor rally in Fountain Hills, Arizona, near Scottsdale, before sheriff's deputies removed them and towed their vehicles.

“We’re not going to let demonstrators intimidate this forum and this sheriff. Now we’re going to have a nice, nice rally for Donald Trump,” said Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who led the effort to remove the demonstrators and who has endorsed the GOP front-runner.

Arizona has long been ground-zero for the politically-charged illegal immigration debate, with roughly 368 miles of border with Mexico and more border fence than any other state.

Roughly 30 percent of Arizona’s population is Hispanic. And in 2010, the state passed one of the strictest anti-immigration laws in American history.

“So much crime and drugs passing through the border. You know what? We’re going to build a wall, and we’re going to stop it,” Trump said at the rally, returning to his early and oft-repeated campaign promise to build a wall along the southern border and have Mexico pay for it.

Arpaio – the self-described “America’s toughest sheriff” – said at least 10,000 people were kept waiting in the Arizona heat for about an hour as a result of the roadblock, which resulted in three arrests.

Trump supporters and protesters exchanged words at the rally, but there were no initial reports of physical violence.

Trump, who early in his campaign visited the border, leads the GOP field in Arizona with 34 percent of the vote, followed by Texas Sen. Ted Cruz at 21 percent and Ohio Gov. John Kasich at 13 percent.

Trump held a larger rally later Saturday at the Phoenix Convention Center.

Trump said protesters at his rally are ""taking away our First Amendment rights"" and vowed to take the country back if he's elected president.

He called one protester at his Phoenix rally, who wore the Klu Klux Klan hood, ""disgusting."" Another group, carrying a ""Black Lives Matter"" sign were also kicked out.

The rallies and protest follow a local border patrol union of Friday supporting Trump.

Local 2544 said Trump asked for the endorsement and that officials responded by saying he is the only 2016 White House candidate to “publicly expressed his support” of the Border Patrol’s mission and it agents and that he has been “an outspoken candidate” on the need for a secure border.

However, Art Del Cueto, president of the Tucson-based union, made clear that he would adhere to the larger National Border Patrol Council’s practice of not endorsing presidential candidates.

The Supreme Court later upheld the most controversial part of Arizona’s 2010 law -- commonly referred to S.B. 1070 and that allows police to try to determine the immigration status of anybody arrested or detained if they have “reasonable suspicion” the suspect is in the U.S. illegally.

However, the law also sparked widespread opposition including businesses threatening to leave the state.

Trump and Cruz essentially call for those living illegally in the United States to return to their home country, while Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders want to allow them to stay.

Several thousand miles away in New York, demonstrators also took to the streets to protest the Republican presidential hopeful.

The protesters gathered Saturday in Manhattan's Columbus Circle, across from Central Park, with a heavy police presence. Demonstrators chanted: ""Donald Trump, go away, racist, sexist, anti-gay.""

They marched across south Central Park to Trump Tower, the Fifth Avenue skyscraper where Trump lives. Then they marched back to Columbus Circle for a rally.",1
