id,title,text,label
20541,"Syrian army, allies reach airbase besieged by Islamic State in eastern Syria: commander","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies reached an air base besieged for years by Islamic State militants on the outskirts of the eastern city of Deir al-Zor on Saturday, said a commander in the alliance fighting in support of President Bashar al-Assad. Forces this week also broke the siege of a separate government-held enclave in the city in swift advances against the jihadists. ",1
20542,Turkey cautions citizens about travel to 'anti-Turkey' Germany,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey cautioned its citizens on Saturday to take care when traveling to Germany, citing what it said was an upswing in anti-Turkish sentiment ahead of a German national election later this month. The advisory is likely to further exacerbate tensions between the two NATO allies, whose ties have soured following last year s failed coup against Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and his subsequent crackdown on alleged coup supporters.  The political leadership campaigns in Germany are based on anti-Turkey sentiment and preventing our country s EU membership. The political atmosphere... has actually been under the effects of far-right and even racist rhetoric for some time,  Turkey s foreign mininstry said in a statement. Last weekend German Chancellor Angela Merkel said during a televised election debate that she would seek an end to Turkey s membership talks with the European Union, in an apparent shift of her position that infuriated Ankara.  Merkel, whose conservative Christian Democrats (CDU) have long been skeptical about Turkey s EU ambitions, is expected to win a fourth term in office in Germany s Sept. 24 election.  Turkish citizens who live in, or who plan to travel to, Germany should be cautious and act prudently in cases of possible incidents, behavior or verbal assaults of xenophobia and racism,  the foreign ministry said. The advisory marks a reversal of roles. Earlier this year Germany warned its own citizens traveling to Turkey about increased tensions and protests ahead of a Turkish referendum on April 16 which considerably expanded Erdogan s powers. Merkel and other EU leaders have strongly criticized Erdogan s actions since the failed coup, saying his purges of Turkey s state institutions and armed forces amount to a deliberate attempt to stifle criticism. More than 50,000 people have been detained and 150,000  suspended in the crackdown, including journalists and opposition figures. Some German nationals have also been targeted. Turkey says the purges are necessary given the extent of the security threat it faces. ",1
20543,Togo must introduce two-term limit swiftly to prevent crisis: U.N.,"DAKAR (Reuters) - Togo must go the way of other West African nations and swiftly limit presidential terms to two if it wants to prevent protests escalating into a political crisis, the United Nations envoy to the region said on Saturday. Thousands of people have taken to the streets in the past three days to demand that President Faure Gnassingbe step aside, in the most serious challenge to his family s 50-year ruling dynasty since the death of his father in 2005. Police have responded with tear gas, although avoiding the bloodshed that has tarnished previous demonstrations, and internet and phone calls have been restricted. There were no further reports of protests on Saturday, and they seemed to have died down, but the opposition said they would continue until Gnassingbe steps aside.   It has become unavoidable for Togo to join the rest of West Africa in having term limitations,  U.N. Special Representative for West Africa and the Sahel Mohamed Ibn Chambas told Reuters in a telephone interview. Since Gambia s Yahya Jammeh was forced out after losing an election last December, all West African countries except Togo have accepted two-term limits on presidential office   bucking a regressive trend across Africa to remove them and re-enable  presidents for life .  Our main perspective is to advise the Togolese to take those actions to prevent an escalation,  he added.  We are in a region where the security challenges are real and menacing and so we don t want to see any deep political crisis.  He said a move by Gnassingbe s government this week to propose a draft bill to reform the constitution and reintroduce a two-term limit was welcome. The opposition has rejected it because it says it would enable him to stay in power until 2030.  I suspect the devil is in the detail. We have to wait to see the formulation of the draft,  Chambas said. An official in Gnassingbe s cabinet did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but Chambas said he had received assurances during his meeting with the president on Friday that he had  heard the people . The president s father Gnassingbe Eyadema seized power in a 1967 coup and ruled for 38 years before his death. He brought in a two-term limit in 1992, in response to protests, then scrapped it a decade later when he decided he wanted to run again. When he died in 2005, the military installed his son instead of the national assembly head, as was constitutionally mandated, stoking protests in which at least 500 people were killed.  Faure Gnassingbe has since sought to remodel Togo as a shipping, banking and airline hub modeled on Dubai or Singapore, with some limited success in port upgrades, regional airline operator Asky and pan-African bank Ecobank.  Chambas urged the government to move swiftly with changes.  My biggest fear for it to go to the national assembly and there be a total blockage. I hope there will be a clear time line...not a perception that this is a delaying tactic,  he said.  That will go a long way toward building confidence.  ",1
20544,Angola's opposition appeals election results,"LUANDA (Reuters) - Angola s main opposition party has appealed to the constitutional court to annul the results of last month s election, which gave a landslide victory to the ruling MPLA, arguing the electoral process failed to comply with the law. The National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) presented the appeal, accompanied with boxes of supporting documents rolled into court offices in shopping trolleys, late on Friday. The move comes after the National Electoral Commission (CNE) published definitive results on Wednesday giving The People s Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) 61 percent of the vote and UNITA 27 percent.  Throughout a two-week process of vote counting following the Aug. 23 poll, the CNE repeatedly rejected formal complaints from opposition parties that the law was not being followed.  The law was completely violated and that means the results which the CNE published are invalid,  Ruben Sicato, UNITA spokesman, told reporters as the appeal was filed. UNITA alleges that in multiple provinces the published results were not the product of local vote counting but instead reflected numbers sent to the provinces from the CNE s head office in the capital Luanda. The MPLA has ruled Angola continuously since independence from Portugal in 1975. The party, which finally won a brutal 27-year civil war against UNITA in 2002, continues to enjoy widespread support for securing peace and an oil-fueled economic booms in the years that followed. But corruption, cronyism and a severe economic crisis thanks to a fall in the price of oil have weakened its support and opposition parties had expected to make larger gains.    We hope the constitutional court does its job,  Sicato said.   ",1
20545,"France, Germany, Italy, Spain seek tax on digital giants' revenues","PARIS (Reuters) - France, Germany, Italy and Spain want digital multinationals like Amazon and Google to be taxed in Europe based on their revenues, rather than only profits as now, their finance ministers said in a joint letter. France is leading a push to clamp down on the taxation of such companies, but has found support from other countries also frustrated at the low tax they receive under current international rules.     Currently such companies are often taxed on profits booked by subsidiaries in low-tax countries like Ireland even though the revenue originated from other EU countries.  We should no longer accept that these companies do business in Europe while paying minimal amounts of tax to our treasuries,  the four ministers wrote in a letter seen by Reuters. The letter, signed by French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire, Wolfgang Schaeuble of Germany, Pier-Carlo Padoan of Italy and Luis de Guindos, was addressed to the EU s Estonian presidency with the bloc s executive Commission in copy. They urged the Commission to come up with a solution creating an  equalization tax  on turnover that would bring taxation to the level of corporate tax in the country where the revenue was earned.  The amounts raised would aim to reflect some of what these companies should be paying in terms of corporate tax,  the ministers said in the letter, first reported on by the Financial Times. Le Maire, Schaeuble, Padoan and de Guindos of Spain said they wanted to present the issue to other EU counterparts at a Sept. 15-16 meeting in Tallinn. The EU s current Estonian presidency has scheduled a discussion at the meeting about the concept of  permanent establishment , with the aim of making it possible to tax firms where they create value, not only where they have their tax residence. France has stepped up pressure for EU tax rules after facing legal setbacks trying to obtain payments for taxes on activities in the country. A French court ruled in July French court ruled that Google, now part of Alphabet Inc, was not liable to pay 1.1 billion euros ($1.3 billion) in back taxes because it had no  permanent establishment  in France and ran its operations there from Ireland.    ",1
20546,Russia berates German defense minister for war games remarks,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s Defence Ministry on Saturday criticized German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen, saying it was bewildered by her assertion that Moscow planned to send more than 100,000 troops to war games on NATO s eastern flank this month. On Thursday, the German defense minister said the war games, code named Zapad or  West , were a clear  demonstration of capabilities and power of the Russians .   Anyone who doubts that only has to look at the high numbers of participating forces in the Zapad exercise: more than one hundred thousand,  von der Leyen told reporters at an EU defense ministers  meeting in Tallinn. Russia has said that its joint war games with Belarus will be purely defensive in nature, rejecting what it called false allegations that it might use the drills to train for invasions of Poland, Lithuania or Ukraine.  We are bewildered by the statements of Ursula von der Leyen, publicly talking through her hat and making arbitrary allegations about 100,000 Russian troops ...and about hidden threats to Europe,  Russia s military said in a statement. Russia has said around 13,000 troops from Russia and Belarus and almost 700 pieces of military hardware will be used in the exercises to be held in Belarus, the Baltic Sea, western Russia and Russia s exclave of Kaliningrad on Sept. 14-20. General Valery Gerasimov, chief of Russia s general staff, used a meeting on Thursday with General Petr Pavel, chairman of the NATO military committee, to reassure him about the upcoming war games.  It is hard to imagine that Ursula von der Leyen s colleagues from NATO, other competent German ministries or her own subordinates deliberately misled her,  Russia s defense ministry said.  It is much easier to suppose the opposite.   (For a graphic on Russia's Zapad war games, click tmsnrt.rs/2xQtYwH) ",1
20547,Hamas leader in Cairo to discuss Gaza blockade,"GAZA (Reuters) - The new chief of Palestinian Islamist group Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, arrived in Cairo on Saturday to hold talks with senior Egyptian officials about the blockade of Gaza on his first such visit as leader, a Hamas spokesman said. In the past few months Hamas has sought to mend relations with Egypt, which controls their one international border crossing from the Gaza Strip. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has been wary of ties between Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood, ousted from power by Sisi after mass protests.     Hamas controls the Gaza Strip, a densely populated coastal territory that shares borders with Egypt and Israel, with which it has fought three wars since 2008.  For much of the last decade, Egypt has joined Israel in enforcing a partial land, sea and air blockade of Gaza. Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum said the talks with Egypt will focus on alleviating the blockade and mending a longstanding rift with rival group Fatah, headed by Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. An Egyptian source confirmed Haniyeh s arrival with a delegation for talks on the border crossing, security and power supplies. Haniyeh was elected Hamas leader in May. The group maintains a sizeable armed wing in Gaza since seizing the enclave from Fatah in 2007. Hoping to pressure Hamas to relinquish control of Gaza, Abbas has cut payments to Israel for the electricity it supplies to Gaza. This means that electricity has often been provided for less than four hours a day, and never more than six. Abbas has vowed to keep up sanctions against Gaza, saying measures are aimed against Hamas and not ordinary people. In turn, Hamas is trying to make a crack in the wall of sanctions by improving its relations with Egypt and other Arab countries. Israel, which signed a 1979 peace treaty with Egypt and coordinates closely with it on security, is maintaining a close watch on discussions between Egypt and Hamas. Like the United States and the European Union, it regards Hamas as a terrorist group. ",1
20548,France's Le Pen seeks to bill herself as Macron's main opponent,"BRACHAY, France (Reuters) - French far-right leader Marine Le Pen, who has been largely out of the spotlight since stinging electoral defeats, on Saturday sought to reclaim the mantle of main opponent to President Emmanuel Macron, which polls now attribute to the far-left. Surveys show that while Le Pen gathered more votes in the presidential election this spring than her National Front (FN) ever did before, lower-than-expected scores, a damaging TV debate against Macron, infighting within the FN and unpopular anti-euro policies have seriously dented her image. Instead, far-leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon and his France Unbowed party, whose 17 lawmakers have been vocal opponents to Macron since their election in June, in particular on labor reform, are seen as the new president s strongest foes. Lashing out at Macron over his labor reform, immigration and security policies and what she said was the government s inadequate response to Hurricane Irma, Le Pen said in her first public speech in months:  Don t be mistaken, Mr Macron s dismantling efforts target not only the essence of our institutions but also society as a whole and each and every one of us, including on labor rules.   Calling France Unbowed  Islamo-Trotskysts,  saying they backed foreigners over French citizens and put up a show rather than properly opposing Macron, Le Pen said the hardline Laurent Wauquiez, favorite to lead the conservative The Republicans, would become more mainstream as soon as he was elected.  Our political family is the only one capable of being a proper alternative,  Le Pen told supporters in her traditional early September speech in the small, pro-FN eastern France village of Brachay. But in recognition of the difficulties her party faces and disappointment with the presidential and legislative election scores - the FN has only eight lawmakers in the lower house of parliament - Le Pen said she would tour France to meet supporters and discuss what should change within the FN. She confirmed the party would change its name at a congress early next year. And her speech struck a note that was different from her election campaign rallies. Le Pen on Saturday did not mention the euro at all and barely touched upon globalization, while both those themes were at the heart of her campaign strategy. Instead, Le Pen devoted the first chunk of her speech to a harsh criticism of immigration and Islamism, signaling a return to the far-right party s fundamentals as opinion polls show her anti-euro stance is unpopular. ",1
20549,Singapore decried for 'harassment' of anti-death penalty activists,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore should end harassment of peaceful activists, Human Rights Watch has said, after participants at a candlelight vigil for a man being executed for drug trafficking were stopped from leaving the country. On July 13, around a dozen people, including opponents of the death penalty and relatives Prabagaran Srivijayan, 22, attended the vigil outside Changi Prison in support of the man, who was to be hanged early the next morning. The man, who was executed on July 14, was convicted of trafficking 22.4 grams of heroin into Singapore.  During the vigil, participants said they were approached by police and told that a police report had been filed and that they were to remove the candles.  The police removed the candles and photographs of Prabagaran but the participants say they were not asked to disperse. A police statement on Saturday said 17 people were under investigation relating to whether they had been involved in an illegal assembly. Assemblies and processions for a cause in public places without a permit is a criminal offense in Singapore. Anyone convicted of organizing such an assembly faces penalties of up to S$10,000 ($7,440) in fines and up to six months in jail. The Singapore government has said that the law is required to provide for the individual s rights for political expression without compromising on  order and safety . Among those at the vigil were a journalist, who is an activist against capital punishment, an editor of independent online blog  Online Citizen  and a filmmaker whose most recent work focused on the detention in 1987 of political activists under Singapore s Internal Security Act. The three said in social media postings that they had been prevented from leaving the country, and had been told that they were required to stay in Singapore to assist police with an investigation. Human Rights Watch said the government should respect the right of free speech and assembly.  The government should end its harassment of activists campaigning against capital punishment and respect their rights to freedom of expression and peaceful assembly,  the group said in a release on Thursday. None of the three had been arrested or charged, Kirsten Han, the activist and journalist, told Reuters. ",1
20550,"Irma seen costing more than 1 billion euros in Saint Martin, Saint Barth","PARIS (Reuters) - The cost of Hurricane Irma, described as one of the most powerful Atlantic storms in a century, is seen costing at least 1.2 billion euros ($1.44 billion) in Saint Martin and Saint Barthelemy, a French public reinsurance body said on Saturday. Irma walloped Cuba s northern coast on Saturday as a Category 5 storm and was expected to hit Florida on Sunday morning, threatening massive damage from wind and flooding to the fourth-largest U.S. state by population. France s Caisse Centrale de Reassurance, a state-owned reinsurance group, said Irma would go down as one of the most damaging disasters in decades on French territory. Saint Barthelemy lies about 35 km southeast of Saint Martin, whose territory is divided between France and the Netherlands. The French interior ministry said on Saturday that 10 people had been reported dead on the two islands. ",1
20551,NHC says Irma forecast to strengthen once it moves away from Cuba,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma dipped in intensity as it passed over Cuba, with maximum sustained wind speeds falling to 130 miles per hour (215 km/h), but is forecast to regain strength as it moves away from the island, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said on Saturday. The storm will reach the Florida Keys on Sunday morning and is expected to be near the southwest coast of Florida on Sunday afternoon, the NHC said. Irma would remain a powerful hurricane as it approaches Florida, it said.  ",1
20552,Catalan independence vote divides region's mayors,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Barcelona s mayor has asked for reassurances that municipal staff would not face legal action or lose their jobs if they helped to organize an Oct. 1 referendum on Catalonia seceding from Spain. However, some of the region s nearly 1,000 mayors have already said they would go ahead with the vote, despite it being declared illegal by Madrid. Having originally offered to allow premises across the city to be used as polling stations, Barcelona mayor Ada Colau has asked the Catalan government for further reassurances that civil servants involved would be protected, her office said.  We support the right to participate and protest completely but we will repeat what we have said many times before: we will not put at risk institutions or civil servants,  Barcelona s deputy mayor, Gerardo Pisarello, said on Friday. Catalonia s parliament voted on Wednesday to hold an independence referendum on Oct. 1, setting up a clash with the Spanish government that has vowed to stop what it says would be an illegal vote. Polls in the northeastern region show support for self-rule waning as Spain s economy improves. But the majority of Catalans do want the opportunity to vote on whether to split from Spain. As of Friday night, 674 of Catalonia s 948 municipal districts had informed the government of their intention to allow city spaces to be used for the vote, according to the Municipal Association for Independence (AMI). In a video posted on Twitter, the mayor of the Cerdanyola municipality tore in half a letter from the Constitutional Court warning of the legal repercussions of participating in the referendum to applause from the crowd watching. Pro-independence groups protested on Friday outside the offices of several mayors across Catalonia who announced they would not allow municipal spaces to be used for the vote. On Saturday, Spanish police searched the offices of a weekly newspaper in the town of Valls in search of ballot papers, according to newspaper La Vanguardia. On Friday, the Civil Guard police searched a printing company near Tarragona, reportedly in search of materials to be used in the independence vote. Spain s Civil Guard police was unavailable for comment but a court statement said the searches were related to charges brought by the public prosecutor in relation to the referendum. ",1
20553,Turkey kills 99 Kurdish militants in latest operations: military,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish security forces have killed 99 Kurdish militants, including a high-ranking one, in operations in southeast Turkey over the last two weeks, the armed forces said on Saturday. Security forces targeted outposts and caves used by the militants for shelter and storage in the southeastern provinces of Sirnak and Hakkari, near the Iraqi border, the military said in a statement.  Ninety-nine terrorists have been neutralized. One is in the so-called leading ranks,  it said. The outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), considered a terrorist organization by the United States, Turkey and the European Union, has waged a more than three-decade insurgency against the state. The PKK, which seeks autonomy for the largely Kurdish southeast, has bases in the mountains on both sides of the Turkey-Iraq border and is frequently targeted by Turkish security forces. The operations, which were carried out between Aug. 24 and Sept. 7, led to the seizure of 420 kg (925 lbs) of ammonium nitrate, used to make explosives, as well as bombs, guns and rifles, the military said. ",1
20554,Nigeria's Buhari urges calm after herdsmen kill 19 in central Plateau state,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria s President Muhammadu Buhari appealed for calm and an end to communal violence on Saturday after police said armed herdsmen killed 19 people in the central state of Plateau.  Local police said Fulani herdsmen attacked Ancha village, in the Bassa local government area of Plateau state, in the early hours of Friday. They said it was thought to be a reprisal attack after a boy from the herding community was killed.  Police provided details of the attack, in which five people were injured, late on Friday.  Fighting between semi-nomadic cattle herders and more settled communities over land use claims hundreds of lives a year in Nigeria s central and northern states.   I urge all our communities in the state and the other parts of the country to embrace peace and bring to a stop these painful and unnecessary killings,  said Buhari, in an emailed statement. He said communities and security agencies in Plateau had taken steps to  pull the state back from the brink of anarchy and senseless killings , adding that it would be  a painful loss to allow these unsavory acts to return . The violence is another security challenge for Buhari in addition to the eight-year Boko Haram jihadist insurgency in the northeast and attempts to maintain a fragile ceasefire in the southern Niger Delta energy hub where militant attacks on oil facilities last year cut crude production by more than a third. ",1
20555,Red Cross says staff member killed in South Sudan ambush,"JUBA (Reuters) - The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said on Saturday one of its drivers was shot dead when a convoy of their vehicles was ambushed in South Sudan s Western Equatoria State. The ICRC said Lukudu Kennedy Laki Emmanuel was killed when the convoy of nine trucks and a four-wheel-drive vehicle was shot at by unidentified gunmen while returning from Western Equatoria on Friday.  We are shaken and distraught by the killing of our colleague who was traveling in a convoy of vehicles which were clearly marked with the Red Cross emblem,  Fran ois Stamm, ICRC s head of delegation in Juba, said in a statement. The Western Equatoria region borders Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. South Sudan  became independent from neighboring Sudan in 2011 following decades of conflict. The new nation slid into civil war less than two years later, after President Salva Kiir fired his deputy, Riek Machar.       The conflict has often followed along ethnic lines, killing tens of thousands and forcing nearly a third of the population of 12 million to flee their homes, with Uganda alone hosting 1 million South Sudanese refugees. South Sudan also continues to be one of the most dangerous places for aid workers.  Since the conflict began in December 2013, at least 82 aid workers have been killed, including 17 in 2017 - most of them South Sudanese, according to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (UN OCHA).   Since January, 27 security-related incidents have forced the relocation of some 300 aid workers. These incidents signify a worsening operating environment for humanitarians in South Sudan,  the UN OCHA said in a statement on Friday. ",1
20556,"As U.S. ban on travel to North Korea kicks in, tourists say their farewells"," (This Aug 31 story corrects location of Burkhead s home in third paragraph.) By Christian Shepherd BEIJING (Reuters) - American tourist Nicholas Burkhead said he d be happy to return to his latest holiday destination, with its beautiful scenery, great food and friendly people. The problem is, the destination was North Korea and a U.S. State Department ban on travel to the isolated country takes effect on Friday. Burkhead, a 35-year-old resident of Virginia, was among the last American tourists to leave North Korea, landing on Thursday in Beijing.  I was surprised at how friendly everyone was,  Burkhead said after stepping off the last scheduled flight to Beijing from the North Korean capital, Pyongyang, before the U.S. travel ban kicks in.  It was very relaxing - beautiful scenery and they fed us very well in the restaurants there, but the exchange rate wasn t too good for the local won,  he told a waiting scrum of reporters. Burkhead arrived in Beijing on North Korea s state-owned Air Koryo after visiting Pyongyang as well as the city of Kaesong near the heavily armed border with South Korea. His five-day tour cost 1,850 euros ($2,200). Other Americans on the flight included two aid workers as well as Jamie Banfill, 32, who had led tours to North Korea but was visiting this time as a tourist. Banfill, who had made the trip to say goodbyes after regularly traveling to the North for a decade, said the travel ban short-sighted.  It s an extremely complex situation on the Korean peninsula and they oversimplified it,  he said. The United States last month announced a ban on U.S. passport holders from traveling to North Korea, effective Sept. 1. Journalists and humanitarian workers are allowed to apply for exemptions under the ban, which is similar to previous U.S. restrictions on travel to Iraq and Libya. Heidi Linton, director of Christian Friends of Korea, who has been working in North Korea for more than 20 years, told reporters she worried about the people her aid group helped, if her exemption was not granted soon.  We started a hepatitis B program and we have 705 patients that have been started on life-saving medicine, that if they go off that medicine then their lives are in danger,  she said.    It was not immediately clear how many Americans had sought, or been granted, exemptions or how many were still in North Korea. An official at the state department said it was not able to give an estimate on the number of U.S. citizens there. North Korea is under growing international pressure over its nuclear tests and repeated ballistic missile launches, including one this week that flew over northern Japan. The U.S. ban on travel to North Korea followed the death of U.S. college student Otto Warmbier, who was jailed during a tour last year. Warmbier, who was sentenced to 15 years hard labor for trying to steal a propaganda sign, was returned to the United States in a coma in June and died six days later. The circumstances surrounding his death are not clear, including why he fell into a coma. Warmbier had been detained leaving the airport in Pyongyang.    I was expecting a strict security check on exit but there was nothing like that,  Burkhead said. The State Department declared U.S. passports invalid for travel to, in or through North Korea. The restriction applies for one year unless extended or revoked by the secretary of state. North Korean state media has described the ban as a  sordid  attempt to limit human exchanges. North Korea is currently holding two Korean-American academics and a missionary, as well as three South Korean nationals who were doing missionary work.  This month, North Korea released a Canadian pastor who had been imprisoned there for more than two years. Hundreds of Americans are among the 4,000 to 5,000 Western tourists who visit North Korea annually, according to U.S. lawmaker Joe Wilson. ",1
20557,"U.S. students' rape allegation against Italian police has 'some basis', minister says","ROME (Reuters) - Italy s defense minister has said there is  some basis  to allegations by two American students that they were raped in Florence by Carabinieri policemen. The two women, aged 19 and 21, have said they were raped in the early hours of Sept. 7 after they were given a lift home from a nightclub in the Italian city by a Carabinieri police patrol. The two policemen have denied the accusations. Italian media say the police were called to the nightclub after a fight broke out on the premises. The students told investigators that two officers had offered to give them a ride back to their residence. The students said they were raped inside the building before they could reach their rooms.  Investigations are still ongoing, but there is some basis regarding the allegations,  Defense Minister Roberta Pinotti told a conference on women s issues late on Friday.  Rape is always a serious matter. But it s of unprecedented seriousness if it is committed by Carabinieri in uniform.  The Carabinieri is a paramilitary police force under the control of the Defense Ministry. It works alongside the national police, which is controlled by the Interior Ministry. Italian media say the two women, who come from the states of Maine and New Jersey, told investigators they had drunk alcohol and smoked cannabis the night of the attack. They said they had been too frightened to scream or shout as the alleged assault took place. Police are carrying out DNA tests to try to verify their accusations, with results expected in the coming days. The case, which has received wide play in the Italian media, comes less than two weeks after a Polish tourist and Peruvian transsexual were brutally raped in the seaside resort of Rimini. Two Moroccans, a Nigerian and a Congolese asylum seeker have been arrested over the attacks, which led to a sharp increase in anti-immigrant sentiment in Italy.  The allegations levelled against the Carabinieri have dismayed the Italian establishment.  If this is true, and I hope that light is shed on the matter as soon as possible, then it would be an act of unheard of gravity,  Tullio Del Sette, the head of the army, told the ANSA news agency.  ",1
20558,Syrian army seizes oilfield from Islamic State in east: state TV,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies recaptured an oilfield from Islamic State near the eastern city of Deir al-Zor on Saturday in further advances against the militants, state TV reported. Government forces also seized part of a main highway running from Deir al-Zor down to the city of al-Mayadeen, to which many Islamic State militants have retreated, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said. The Syrian army this week broke through Islamic State lines to reach a government-held enclave of Deir al-Zor besieged for years by the jihadists, and is fighting to reach a nearby air base which IS still surrounds. On Saturday, the army and militias fighting alongside it seized the Teym oilfield in desert south of Deir al-Zor, state TV said. Deir al-Zor is in an oil-rich area of Syria. To the east of Teym and south of the air base, government forces also recaptured part of the main road running from Deir al-Zor to al-Mayadeen, downstream along the Euphrates river and closer to the Iraq border, the Observatory reported. The British-based monitoring group said that advance would block potential Islamic State reinforcements from al-Mayadeen. The advances put yet more pressure on Islamic State s shrinking caliphate, which once stretched across northern and eastern Syria, and northwestern Iraq. In Syria, the group holds much of Deir al-Zor province and half the city, as well as a pocket of territory near Hama and Homs in the west of the country. ",1
20559,U.S.-backed SDF attacks Islamic State in Syria's Deir al-Zor province,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces alliance (SDF) has launched an operation against Islamic State militants in the north of Deir al-Zor province in eastern Syria, a statement said on Saturday. The statement from the Deir al-Zor Military Council, fighting as part of the SDF, said assaults would aim to drive the jihadist militants out of areas they hold north and east of the Euphrates river. ",1
20560,South Korea braces for possible new missile test to mark North's founding day,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea braced for a possible further missile test by North Korea as it marked its founding anniversary on Saturday, just days after its sixth and largest nuclear test rattled global financial markets and further escalated tensions in the region.  Throughout the week, South Korean officials have warned the North could launch another intercontinental ballistic missile, in defiance of U.N. sanctions and amid an escalating standoff with the United States. Pyongyang marks its founding anniversary each year with a big display of pageantry and military hardware. Last year, North Korea conducted its fifth nuclear test on the Sept. 9 anniversary. Tension on the Korean peninsula has escalated as North Korea s young leader, Kim Jong Un, has stepped up the development of weapons, testing a string of missiles this year, including one flying over Japan, and conducting its sixth nuclear test on Sunday. Experts believe the isolated regime is close to its goal of developing a powerful nuclear weapon capable of reaching the United States, something U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed to prevent. Celebrating its founding anniversary, a front-page editorial of the Saturday edition of North Korea s official Rodong Sinmun said the country should make  more high-tech Juche weapons to continuously bring about big historical events such as a miraculous victory of July 28. . The July date refers to the intercontinental ballistic missile test.  Juche is North Korea s homegrown ideology of self-reliance that is a mix of Marxism and extreme nationalism preached by state founder Kim Il Sung, the current leader s grandfather.      South Korean nuclear experts, checking for contamination, said on Friday they had found minute traces of radioactive xenon gas but that it was too early to link it to Sunday s explosion. The Nuclear Safety and Security Commission (NSSC) said it had been conducting tests on land, air and water samples since shortly after the North Korean nuclear test on Sunday. Xenon is a naturally occurring, colourless gas that is used in manufacturing of some sorts of lights. But the NSSC said it had detected xenon-133, a radioactive isotope that does not occur naturally and which has in the past been linked to North Korea s nuclear tests. There was no chance the xenon  will have an impact on South Korea s territory or population , the agency said. Trump has repeatedly said all options are on the table in dealing with North Korea and on Thursday said he would prefer not to use military action, but if he did, it would be a  very sad day  for North Korea.  Military action would certainly be an option. Is it inevitable? Nothing is inevitable,  Trump told reporters.  If we do use it on North Korea, it will be a very sad day for North Korea.  Even as Trump has insisted that now is not the time to talk, senior members of his administration have made clear that the door to a diplomatic solution is open, especially given the U.S. assessment that any pre-emptive strike would unleash massive North Korean retaliation. North Korea says it needs its weapons to protect itself from U.S. aggression and regularly threatens to destroy the United States.  South Korea and the United States are technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty. The USS Ronald Reagan, a nuclear-powered carrier, left its home port in Japan for a routine autumn patrol of the Western Pacific, a Navy spokeswoman said. That area included waters between Japan and the Korean peninsula, she added, without giving any further details.  The Ronald Reagan was out on routine patrol from May until August, and was sent to the Sea of Japan with the another carrier, the USS Carl Vinson, to take part in drills with Japan s Self Defense Forces as well as the South Korean military.  North Korea vehemently objects to military exercises on or near the peninsula, and China and Russia have suggested the United States and South Korea halt their exercises to lower tension. While Trump talked tough on North Korea, China agreed on Thursday that the United Nations should take more action against it, but it also pushed for dialogue. The U.N. Security Council is expected to vote on a new set of sanctions soon. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that it was too early to draw conclusions about the final form of the U.N. resolution, Russia s Interfax news agency quoted Lavrov as saying at a news conference on Friday. The United States on Friday told the U.N. Security Council that it intends to call a meeting on Monday to vote on a draft resolution establishing additional sanctions on North Korea for its missile and nuclear program, the U.S. Mission to the United Nations said in a statement. U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said last Monday that she intended to call for a vote on Sept. 11 and then the United States circulated a draft resolution to the 15-member council on Wednesday. The United States wants the Security Council to impose an oil embargo on North Korea, ban its exports of textiles and the hiring of North Korean laborers abroad, and to subject Kim Jong Un to an asset freeze and travel ban, according to a draft resolution seen by Reuters on Wednesday. It was not immediately clear how North Korean allies China and Russia would vote, but a senior U.S. official on Friday night expressed scepticism that either nation would accept anything more stringent than a ban on imports of North Korean textiles. Chinese officials have privately expressed fears that imposing an oil embargo could risk triggering massive instability in its neighbor.  North Korea offered fresh vitriol against the pending sanctions, specifically targeting Haley, who this week accused Kim of  begging for war .  There is nothing more foolish than thinking we, a strong nuclear state, will endure this evil pressure aimed at overthrowing our state,  the North s official news agency said in a commentary.  Even if Nikki Haley is blind, she must use her mouth correctly. The United States administration will pay for not being able to control the mouth of their U.N. representative.  China is by far North Korea s biggest trading partner, accounting for 92 percent of two-way trade last year. It also provides hundreds of thousands of tonnes of oil and fuel to the impoverished regime.   China s economic influence has been felt by South Korea as well. The two countries have been at loggerheads over South Korea s decision to deploy a U.S. anti-missile system, the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, which has a powerful radar that can probe deep into China. Shares in South Korean automaker Hyundai Motor (005380.KS) and key suppliers slid on Friday on worries over its position in China after highly critical Chinese state newspaper comments. The military section of China s Global Times newspaper on Thursday referred to THAAD as  a malignant tumor . ",1
20561,Japan says jet fighters conducted drills with U.S. aircraft over East China Sea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese F-15 fighter jets on Saturday conducted an air exercise with U.S. B1-B bombers in the skies above the East China Sea, Japan s Air Self Defense Force (ASDF) said. The joint drill comes as South Korea braces for a possible further missile test by North Korea as it marked its founding anniversary, just days after its sixth and largest nuclear test rattled global financial markets and further escalated tensions in the region. The exercise involved two U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers flying from Andersen Air Force Base on the U.S. Pacific island territory of Guam, which were joined by two Japanese F-15 jet fighters. On Aug. 31, Japanese F-15 fighter jets also conducted an air exercise with U.S. B1-B bombers and F-35 stealth fighters in skies south of the Korean peninsula, two days after North Korea launched a ballistic missile over northern Japan. ",1
20562,"Australia to allow more Pacific Islands workers, patrol fisheries","SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia will extend its Pacific Islands migrant labor program and fly aerial surveillance missions to protect valuable Pacific fisheries, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said at the Pacific Island Leaders Forum. The meeting, held in Apia, Samoa, brought 17 Pacific Island nations plus Australia and New Zealand to the negotiating table. The new agreement helps tiny low-income Pacific Island nations by giving them access to Australia s large and developed economy, with migrant workers repatriating funds via overseas remittances. The per capita gross national incomes of 11 countries in the region range from $1,540 for the Solomon Islands to $13,496 for Palau, according to World Bank figures, while Australian workers earn an average yearly salary of more than $64,000. Australia s population of 24 million people is highly urbanized, leading to labor shortages in rural areas. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull signed an agreement on Friday to allow 2,000 Islanders to work in rural areas over the next three years, adding to an existing seasonal worker program which supplies agricultural labor. The micro-nations of Kiribati, Nauru and Tuvalu will have first access to the scheme, which will allow workers to engage in non-farm work such as care of the elderly. The World Bank said it was in Australia s interests to encourage stability.  Aid dependency in the region is high, and reliance on aid alone is an unbalanced strategy. By improving employment prospects and increasing remittance flows, labor mobility helps stabilize otherwise fragile states,  it said in a new report, Pacific Possible, released at the forum. The report said the Pacific region had the potential to create more than 500,000 new jobs and increase incomes by more than 40 percent by 2040, if they focused on developing key areas such as tourism and fisheries.  The western and central Pacific Ocean covers about 8 percent of the world s ocean mass and contains the last healthy tuna stocks, supplying 60 percent of the world s tuna, the report said. Australia has agreed to fund aerial surveillance for Pacific Island member states to combat illegal fishing, with the planes to be in the air by the end of this year. ",1
20563,Australia to send more troops to help Philippines fight Islamist militants,"Sydney - (Reuters) - Australia will send troops to assist Philippine forces in the ongoing battle against Islamic State fighters in the southern city of Marawi, Australia s Defense Minister Marise Payne said on Friday. Small contingents of Australian soldiers will be sent to train Philippine troops, Payne said during a press conference with her counterpart, Delfin Lorenzana in Manila.   We are very committed to supporting the Philippines in its efforts to defend itself against terrorist threats,  Minister Payne said.  This is a threat to the region (that) we all need to work together to defeat.  But no Australian troops will be actively involved in the fighting, Lorenza said.  It would not look good if we would be needing troops to fight the war here. We are happy with the assistance we re getting from Australia.  The militants swept through Marawi on May 23 and have held parts of it despite sustained ground attacks by hundreds of soldiers and daily pummeling by planes and artillery. The southern Philippines has been marred for decades by insurgency and banditry. But the intensity of the battle in Marawi and the presence of foreign fighters fighting alongside local militants has raised concerns that the region may be becoming a Southeast Asian hub for Islamic State as it loses ground in Iraq and Syria. The Australian troops will compliment those from their country already sent to the Philippines to train local personnel, Payne said. Philippine troops fighting Islamic State-linked rebels in a southern city have encountered armed resistance from women and children who were likely family member of militants, the Phillipine military said on Monday. A spokesman for Payne said further details of the training contingent would be determined in coming days.   ",1
20564,Pope to see a Medellin that has put drug wars in its past,"MEDELLIN, Colombia (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Saturday travels to Medellin, once notorious as the stomping grounds of drug lord Pablo Escobar, to find a city transformed since his predecessor Pope John Paul visited in 1986. Violence between cartels, paramilitary groups and guerrillas raged in the poor  comuna  neighborhoods on its outskirts and the late pontiff was moved to decry drug violence. Instead, Francis is expected to honor the commitment and sacrifice of those who dedicate themselves to religious vocations when he says mass for a crowd expected to draw hundreds of thousands of people near an airport. He also visits a home for children who were victims of violence and addresses priests, nuns, seminarians and their families at the La Macarena bullring. In the 1980s and early 1990s, violence between cartels, paramilitary groups and guerrillas raged in the poor  comuna  neighborhoods on its outskirts and the visiting pontiff was moved to decry drug violence. The city is now heralded as a model of urban development. It has installed cable cars up the steep Andean slopes that surround it to save working-class residents a punishing climb home and built libraries in neighborhoods once host to gun battles. Feared drug trafficker Escobar, Medellin s most infamous resident, was gunned down in the city in a U.S.-backed operation in 1993. He was recently resurrected as a character in the popular Netflix series Narcos. During his visit to the city, Francis will highlight those who choose the habit and the cassock over secular careers, as the number of new entrants to vocations in the Roman Catholic Church has slumped. At the La Macarena meeting, Francis will also pray before the relics of Mother Laura Montoya, a nun who was the first female Colombian saint. Montoya was a teacher and prolific author who hosted classes in her own home when the 1895 civil war forced schools to close. The leader of the world s 1.2 billion Roman Catholics has brought a message of national reconciliation as the country tries to heal the wounds left by the conflict and bitter disagreements over a peace deal with guerrillas agreed last year. On Friday in the tropical city of Villavicencio, he urged Colombians skeptical of a the deal with the FARC guerrillas to be open to reconciliation with those who have repented, speaking hours after a top rebel leader asked the pontiff for forgiveness.. He visits the city of Cartagena on Sunday before leaving for Rome that night.    ",1
20565,Taiwan activist to be tried for subversion in China in 'open' hearing,"Beijing (Reuters) - China will on Monday put on trial a Taiwanese activist, who disappeared while on a visit to the mainland in March, on suspicion of subverting state power, in what court authorities said would be an open trial. Lee Ming-che, a community college teacher and human rights advocate, went missing on his March visit but authorities later confirmed he had been detained, straining already-tense ties between the mainland and the self-ruling island. Lee s trial will begin first thing on Monday morning, at the Intermediate People s Court of Yueyang city, in the central province of Hunan, a woman who answered the telephone at the court told Reuters.  Authorities have video-streamed or live-blogged increasing numbers of court proceedings in recent years as part of a push towards judicial transparency. But rights activists say that in sensitive cases, holding  open  hearings is a tool for authorities to demonstrate state power and that usually the defendant has agreed to an outcome. Photographs of a billboard announcement of the trial date and time, which circulated online on Friday, were genuine, the woman at the court confirmed. The announcement said Lee would stand trial alongside another man, Peng Yuhua, who is suspected of the same crime. It is not clear who Peng is or what his relationship to Lee is, if any. Lee Ching-yu, Lee s wife, who has been campaigning for his release, was contacted this week by a man who said he was her husband s lawyer and who told her to come to the mainland for the trial, Taiwan s Mainland Affairs Council said on Thursday. The council said the Taiwan government would help her apply for travel documents and arrange lawyers to go with her. Lee s case has strained relations between Taipei and Beijing, which have been difficult for decades but particularly tense since President Tsai Ing-wen, leader of Taiwan s independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, took office last year. Beijing regards the island as a breakaway province and it has never renounced the use of force to bring it back under mainland control. Proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being run by Communist Party rulers in Beijing. ",1
20566,Mexico's strongest quake in 85 years kills dozens in the poor south,"JUCHITAN, Mexico (Reuters) - At least 61 people died when the most powerful earthquake to hit Mexico in over eight decades tore through buildings and forced mass evacuations in the poor southern states of Oaxaca and Chiapas, triggering alerts as far away as Southeast Asia. The 8.1 magnitude quake off the southern coast late Thursday was stronger than a devastating 1985 temblor that flattened swathes of Mexico City and killed thousands. The tremor rattled Mexico City and shook Guatemala and El Salvador, but the Oaxacan town of Juchitan bore the brunt of the disaster, with sections of the town hall, a hotel, a church, a bar and other buildings reduced to rubble. Dalia Vasquez, a 55-year old cook, said she watched emergency workers haul the bodies of her elderly neighbor and her middle-aged son from their collapsed home.  Her own house was badly damaged. Frightened by the possibility of aftershocks, she planned to sleep with dozens more in the streets and parks.  We have nothing now. We don t have any savings,  she said. President Enrique Pena Nieto flew to the battered town to oversee rescue efforts. The town s mayor, Gloria Sanchez, called it  the most terrible moment  in Juchitan s history.   Facades of shattered buildings, fallen tiles and broken glass from shop fronts and banks littered the pavements of Juchitan while heavily armed soldiers patrolled and stood guard at areas cordoned off due to the extent of the damage. Startled residents stepped through the rubble of about 100 wrecked buildings, including houses, a flattened Volkswagen dealership and Juchitan s shattered town hall. Scores paced the terrain or sat outside warily, mindful of the frequent aftershocks and reliving the night s terror.   It was brutal, brutal. It was like a monster, like a train was passing over our roofs,  said Jesus Mendoza, 53, as he milled about in a park across from the damaged town hall.  Alma Rosa, sitting in vigil with a relative by the body of a loved one draped in a red shroud, said:  We went to buy a coffin, but there aren t any because there are so many bodies.  All the deaths were in three neighboring states clustered near the epicenter that lay about 70 km (40 miles) off the coast. At least 45 people died in Oaxaca, many of them in Juchitan, while in Chiapas the count reached 12 and in Tabasco four people lost their lives, according to federal and state officials. In Chiapas, home to many of Mexico s indigenous ethnic groups, thousands of people in coastal areas were evacuated as a precaution when the quake sparked tsunami warnings, but only two-foot waves were produced by the quake. State oil company Pemex said there was no structural damage to it s 330,000 barrel-per-day Salina Cruz refinery, which it had shut down as a precaution, but it said it was checking problems in the electrical system before restarting the plant. At least 250 people in Oaxaca were also injured, according to agriculture minister Jose Calzada. Classes were suspended in much of central and southern Mexico on Friday to allow authorities to assess the impact. Dozens of schools were damaged, officials said. People ran into the streets in Mexico City, one of the world s largest metropolises and home to more than 20 million, and alarms sounded after the quake struck just before midnight. The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said the quake s epicenter was 54 miles (87 km) southwest of the town of Pijijiapan at a depth of 43 miles (69 km). John Bellini, a geophysicist at the USGS National Earthquake Information Center in Golden, Colorado, said it was the strongest quake since an 8.1 temblor struck the western state of Jalisco in 1932. Across the Pacific, both the Philippines and New Zealand were on alert for possible tsunamis. Windows were shattered at Mexico City airport and power went out in several neighborhoods of the capital, affecting more than 1 million people. The cornice of a hotel came down in the southern tourist city of Oaxaca, a witness said. Mexico City is built on a spongy, drained lake bed that amplifies earthquakes along the volcanic country s multiple seismic fault lines. The 1985 earthquake was just inland, about 230 miles from Mexico City, while Thursday s was 470 miles away.  Authorities reported dozens of aftershocks, and President Pena Nieto said the quake was felt by around 50 million of Mexico s roughly 120 million population. Mexico is evaluating whether the quake will trigger a payout from a World Bank-backed catastrophe bond, Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade said on Friday. Meade said the bond s coverage could reach $150 million, depending on magnitude and location. But he said Mexico has sufficient funds to pay for a cleanup whether the bond was triggered or not. ",1
20567,China's Xi urges France to help restart talks on North Korea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping told President Emmanuel Macron on Friday he hoped France could play a  constructive role  in restarting talks on North Korea, state TV said. The French presidency said the two leaders had agreed in a telephone call on the need to put more international pressure on Pyongyang to get it back to the negotiating table and avoid a dangerous escalation.  Chinese TV quoted Xi as saying:  The Korean peninsula nuclear issue in the end can only be resolved through peaceful means, including through dialogue and consultations.           North Korea has tested a string of missiles this year, including one flying over Japan, and conducting its sixth and biggest nuclear test on Sunday. China hosted on-again, off-again six-party talks on North Korea, including Japan, Russia, the United States and the two Koreas, that fizzled out in 2008. Experts believe the isolated regime is close to its goal of developing a powerful nuclear weapon capable of reaching the United States, something U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed to prevent. Xi discussed North Korea in calls with Trump on Wednesday and German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Thursday.   Trump has urged China, North Korea s only major ally, to do more to rein in its neighbor. ",1
20568,Philippines suspends trade with North Korea to comply with U.N. resolution,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines has suspended trade relations with North Korea to comply with a U.N. Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests, Manila s foreign minister said on Friday. The United States and other Western countries have asked the United Nations to consider tough new sanctions on North Korea after its test last week that it said was of an advanced hydrogen bomb.  We can say we have suspended trade relations with North Korea,  Foreign Minister Alan Peter Cayetano told reporters after a meeting with the U.S. ambassador on cooperation on an anti-drugs program.  We will fully comply with UNSC resolution including the economic sanctions.  Tension on the Korean peninsula has escalated as North Korea s young leader, Kim Jong Un, has stepped up the development of weapons in defiance of U.N. sanctions.  It has tested a series of missiles this year, including one that flew over Japan, and conducted its sixth and biggest nuclear test on Sunday.  The Philippines is North Korea s fifth-largest trade partner, with bilateral trade from January to June this year worth $28.8 million, according to the state-run Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency. On an annual basis, North Korea imported $28.8 million of products from the Philippines in 2016, an increase of 80 percent from the previous year, while Manila s imports from Pyongyang surged 170 percent to $16.1 million.  According to the Philippine Department of Trade and Industry (DTI), the main exports to North Korea in 2015 were computers, integrated circuited boards, bananas and women s undergarments.  The U.N. Security Council is quite clear,  Cayetano said.  Part of these are the economic sanctions and the Philippines will comply. We have been communicating with the DTI secretary and I think it was yesterday and the other day, we have gotten direction from the (presidential) palace to support the U.N. Security Council.  Cayetano said the trade ban covered raw computer chips from the Philippines. ",1
20569,"South Korea finds traces of radioactive gas, 'can't yet link it' to nuclear test","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean nuclear experts, checking for contamination after North Korea s sixth and largest nuclear test, said on Friday they have found minute traces of radioactive xenon gas but that it was too early to specify its source. The Nuclear Safety and Security Commission (NSSC) said it had been conducting tests on land, air and water samples since shortly after North Korea s nuclear test on Sunday. The statement said the commission was analyzing  how the xenon entered South Korean territory and will make a decision at a later time whether the material is linked to North Korea s nuclear test . Xenon is a naturally occurring, colorless gas that is used in manufacturing of some sorts of lights. But the NSSC said it had detected xenon-133, a radioactive isotope that does not occur naturally and which has in the past been linked to North Korea s nuclear tests. There was no chance the xenon  will have an impact on South Korea s territory or population , the statement said. ",1
20570,"Officials found list of targets with 5,000 names in east German raid: media","BERLIN (Reuters) - German officials found lists with over 5,000 names of possible targets, including over 100 politicians, during the raids on the homes and workplaces of two terrorism suspects in the east German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern last week, Die Welt newspaper reported on Friday. The newspaper, citing security sources, said one of the suspects, a former policeman who has since been suspended, is believed to have used his office computer to search out the addresses of political opponents. German police on Aug. 28 raided the homes and workplaces of the policeman and another person suspected of planning to capture and kill politicians because of their views on immigration, authorities said. The newspaper report marked the first substantial details that have emerged about the case. At the time, the federal prosecutor s office said the suspects, who feared Germany s refugee policies would impoverish the country, had begun to stockpile food and ammunition and plan attacks. The newspaper said there were no indications thus far of surveillance of the people on the lists, or of any concrete murder plans. Much of the information was publicly available, the paper cited the sources as saying. Federal police officials seized two binders filled with names of over 5,000 people during searches of the properties of one of the suspects, an attorney and a local politician in Rostock, a northern city. It said the politicians on the list belonged to a wide range of parties, including Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives. ",1
20571,North Korea-U.S. tensions are not Mexico's business: diplomat,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - North Korea s ambassador to Mexico on Friday said its tensions with the United States were not Mexico City s business after President Enrique Pena Nieto ordered that he leave the country in protest over Pyongyang s nuclear tests.  Mexico on Thursday said it had given the ambassador, Kim Hyong Gil, 72 hours to leave Mexico in order to express its  absolute rejection  of North Korea s recent nuclear activity, describing it as a grave threat to the region and the world. The North Korean ambassador branded the move as  ignorant  and said disagreement over the country s nuclear program was an issue for the United States and  has nothing to do with Mexico.   That is why I express great displeasure at the bilateral diplomatic measures taken by the Mexican government that claims to have a sovereign foreign policy. That (claim) is without basis,  he told reporters outside the North Korean embassy in Mexico City. Mexico has traditionally sought to steer clear of diplomatic spats, but in the past few months it has adopted robust language to condemn the governments of Venezuela and North Korea as they descended into increasing international isolation. Mexico s foreign minister, Luis Videgaray, has led the diplomatic push as he also seeks to convince the United States to keep the North American Free Trade Agreement in place. Mexico s move follows a tide of international condemnation of North Korea for repeated missile launches and the test of a powerful nuclear weapon in recent weeks. Videgaray on Friday stressed that Mexico was not breaking diplomatic ties with North Korea, but that the country  wanted to send a clear message of absolute rejection  of the recent tests.  ",1
20572,Hurricane Irma thrives on fateful mix of 'ideal' conditions,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma, a deadly, devastating force of nature, rapidly coalesced from a low-pressure blip west of Africa into one of the most powerful Atlantic storms on record, following an unhindered atmospheric path and fed by unusually warm seas. A combination of many factors, experts said on Friday, set the stage for Irma s formation and helped the storm achieve its full thermodynamic potential, creating the monster tropical cyclone that wreaked havoc on the eastern Caribbean and may inflict widespread damage on Florida.  It got lucky,  said John Knaff, a meteorologist and physical scientist for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).  This storm is in the Goldilocks environment for a major hurricane. It s bad luck for whoever is in its path, but that s what going on here.  Brian Kahn, an atmospheric scientist and cloud specialist for NASA s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, called the ocean conditions that spawned Irma  absolutely ideal.  Balmy water temperatures along Irma s trajectory ran deep beneath the surface and slightly higher than normal, by as much as a degree Fahrenheit in places, providing ample fuel for the storm s development, scientists said. Irma also encountered little if any interference in the form of wind shear - sudden changes in vertical wind velocity that can blunt a storm s intensity - as it advanced at about 10 to 18 miles per hour, an ideal pace for hurricanes. Its fortuitous path of least resistance was essentially ordained by a well-placed atmospheric ridge of high pressure that steered the storm by happenstance through some of the Caribbean s warmest waters as well as an area mostly devoid of wind shear. The result was a gargantuan storm that rapidly grew to a Category 5, the top of the Saffir-Simpson scale of hurricane strength, with sustained winds of 185 miles per hour, the most forceful ever documented in the open Atlantic. It also ranks as one of just five Atlantic hurricanes known to have achieved such wind speeds during the past 82 years. Irma lashed Cuba and the Bahamas as it drove toward Florida on Friday after hitting the eastern Caribbean with its tree-snapping winds, torrential rains and pounding surf, killing at least 21 people and leaving catastrophic destruction in its wake. By Friday night, Irma s winds had diminished to 155 miles per hour (250 kph) and it was downgraded to a Category 4 storm, though still considered extremely dangerous. The tiny islands directly crossed by Irma, like Barbuda and St. Martin, did little to weaken it, but the storm s intensity could be measurably diminished by a close encounter with a larger land mass, such as Cuba, en route to the U.S. mainland, scientists said. So powerful is Irma that it may end up dampening another Category 4 storm in its wake, Hurricane Jose, which like Irma originated off the west coast of Africa and was following a similar course. Waters already plied by Irma could be left a bit cooler, robbing Jose of potential energy, and  outflows  from Irma could produce wind shear for Jose, said Scott Braun, a research meteorologist for NASA s Goddard Space Flight Center. Knaff said it was no surprise that the advent of Irma coincided with the precise peak of the Atlantic hurricane season. Much less certain is the role of global climate from human-induced atmospheric increases in heat-trapping  greenhouse  gases, scientists said. There is consensus that climate change has raised sea levels, which is likely to exacerbate hurricane storm surges. Rising ocean temperatures have been clearly documented as well. Research is divided on whether global warming will make tropical cyclones more frequent, though data from climate modeling suggests a higher probability for stronger, wetter hurricanes in the Atlantic when they do occur, said Tom Knutson, a climate research scientist for NOAA.  We think, based on model simulations that climate change is having an effect, making storms slightly more intense with higher rainfall rates, but these changes are not huge and we cannot yet clearly detect them in observations,  he said.          ",1
20573,U.S. calls for U.N. Security Council vote on North Korea on Monday,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States on Friday told the U.N. Security Council that it intends to call a meeting on Monday to vote on a draft resolution establishing additional sanctions on North Korea for its missile and nuclear program, the U.S. Mission to the United Nations said in a statement. The United States wants the Security Council to impose an oil embargo on North Korea, ban its exports of textiles and the hiring of North Korean laborers abroad, and to subject leader Kim Jong Un to an asset freeze and travel ban, according to a draft resolution seen by Reuters on Wednesday. It was not immediately clear how North Korean ally China and Russia would vote, but a senior U.S. official on Friday night expressed skepticism that either nation would accept anything more stringent than a ban on imports of North Korean textiles. Chinese officials have privately expressed fears that imposing an oil embargo could risk triggering massive instability in its neighbor. A Security Council resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by permanent members Britain, the United States, France, Russia or China to pass. Tension on the Korean peninsula has escalated as the North has stepped up the development of weapons, testing a string of missiles this year, including one flying over Japan, and conducting its sixth nuclear test on Sunday. South Korea braced for a possible further missile test by North Korea when it marks its founding anniversary on Saturday. Experts believe the isolated regime is close to its goal of developing a powerful nuclear weapon capable of reaching the United States, something President Donald Trump has vowed to prevent. ",1
20574,"Exodus of Rohingya to Bangladesh reaches 270,000 - UNHCR","COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - An estimated 270,000 Rohingya have sought refuge in Bangladesh over the past two weeks, the U.N. refugee agency said on Friday, announcing a dramatic jump in numbers fleeing violence in neighboring Myanmar s Rakhine State. A rights group said satellite images showed about 450 buildings had been burned down in a Myanmar border town largely inhabited by Rohingya, as part of what the Muslim minority refugees say is a concerted effort to expel them. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said the estimated number of Rohingya who fled to Bangladesh since violence erupted in Myanmar on Aug. 25 had risen from 164,000 on Thursday, after  aid workers found big groups in border areas.  We have identified more people in different areas that we were not aware of,  said Vivian Tan, a spokeswoman for UNHCR, while adding that there could be some double-counting.  The numbers are so alarming - it really means that we have to step up our response and that the situation in Myanmar has to be addressed urgently.  The latest flight of Rohingya began two weeks ago after Rohingya insurgents attacked security force posts in Myanmar s Rakhine State. That triggered an army counteroffensive in which at least 400 people died.  The United States, a principle backer of Aung San Suu Kyi s civilian government that came to power in Myanmar last year, said there had been shortcomings on the part of Myanmar security forces and the government in dealing with the situation. Patrick Murphy, U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state for East Asia, said Washington was calling in talks with Myanmar s military and civilian leaders for urgent restoration of access to Rakhine State for humanitarian assistance and journalists. He said the security forces must respond responsibly to the attacks that began the crisis, telling reporters:  They have a responsibility to carry out those activities in accordance with rule of law and international human rights  Rights groups briefed U.N. Security Council diplomats on the Myanmar violence on Friday. Russia and China did not send any diplomats, according to people at the meeting. Myanmar has said it is was counting on China and Russia to protect it from any Security Council censure.  U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres spoke with Suu Kyi by phone on Wednesday and reiterated his concerns about the situation in Rakhine State, U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric told Reuters. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said the United States was  deeply troubled by continued reports of attacks against innocent civilians and will continue to urge (Myanmar) security forces to respect those civilians as it conducts security operations.  Washington was also calling on Myanmar to ensure that aid reached those in need as quickly as possible,  and that it is delivered in a manner that protects their rights and dignity,  she said in a statement. The wave of refugees, many sick or wounded, has strained the resources of aid agencies and communities already helping hundreds of thousands displaced by previous waves of violence in Myanmar. Many have no shelter, and aid agencies are racing to provide clean water, sanitation and food.  We need to prepare for many more to come, I am afraid,  said Shinni Kubo, Bangladesh country manager for UNHCR.  We need huge financial resources. This is unprecedented. This is dramatic. It will continue for weeks and weeks.  While most refugees are coming on foot, many are braving the sea. At least 300 boats carrying Rohingya arrived in Bangladesh s Cox s Bazar district on Wednesday, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said. Buddhist-majority Myanmar says its security forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against  terrorists  it blames for the attacks on the security forces, burning homes and civilian deaths.  It says about 30,000 non-Muslims have been displaced. The 1.1 million Rohingya living in Myanmar have long complained of persecution. They are denied citizenship and regarded as illegal migrants from Bangladesh. There is very limited access to the north of Rakhine State and few if any independent witnesses, raising fears that a humanitarian crisis could be unfolding among Rohingya still there.  What we know is what people are saying as they come across, and what they re saying now, given this been going on since Aug. 25, is they are in an absolutely desperate state,  said IOM s Leonard Doyle.  They say (they are) living out in (the) open, without protection from the tropical sun with their children, without enough food to eat.   Bangladesh has proposed  safe zones  run by aid groups for Rohingya in Myanmar. But it would seem the plan is unlikely to be accepted there. Human Rights Watch said satellite images taken last Saturday showed hundreds of burned buildings in Maungdaw, a district capital in Rakhine State, in areas primarily inhabited by Rohingya.  If safety cannot even be found in area capitals, then no place may be safe,  said Phil Robertson, the group s deputy Asia director. A Myanmar reporter in the north of the state said he had reports from residents of an area called Rathedaung that six villages there had been torched and that there had also been shooting in the area. It was not clear who was responsible. Critics have accused Suu Kyi of not speaking out for the Rohingya and some have called for the Nobel Peace Prize she won in 1991 as a champion of democracy to be revoked. The United States has been careful to avoid direct criticism of Suu Kyi, and Murphy said Washington was looking to help Myanmar s transition to democracy succeed.  He noted that most authority in Rakhine State lay with the military, which wielded direct power in Myanmar for decades before Suu Kyi s election win. Murphy called for implementation of recommendations of a commission led by former U.N. chief Kofi Annan set up to find solutions for the ethnically and religiously divided Rakhine.  The fact that over a million people inside the country have been devoid of basic rights for generations has been a long-standing issue,  Murphy said.  It needs to be addressed.  Protests against the treatment of the Rohingya were held in several countries, including Muslim-majority Bangladesh,  Indonesia and Malaysia. Others were held outside Myanmar s embassies in Tokyo and Manila. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said he was considering raising the issue in talks with U.S. President Donald Trump next week. Malaysia s coastguard said it was willing to offer Rohingya  temporary shelter, although it is unlikely refugees would travel hundreds of kilometres south by sea during the monsoon season, which lasts until late November. Thailand has also said it is preparing to receive people fleeing Myanmar, while Singapore said it was ready to help the humanitarian effort. ",1
20575,New fires ravage Rohingya villages in northwest Myanmar: sources,"YANGON (Reuters) - Up to eight villages were burned down on Friday in a part of northwest Myanmar where large numbers of Muslim Rohingya had been sheltering from a wave of violence engulfing the area, a witness and three sources briefed on the matter told Reuters. The fires were blazing in the ethnically mixed Rathedaung township, where populations of Rohingya Muslims and Rakhine Buddhists live side by side.  Today around 4 p.m., I saw the smoke coming from where the villages were burning ...I saw it from the Chin village where I am staying now,  said a villager from the area contacted by Reuters by phone. It was unclear who set fire to the villages. Independent journalists are not allowed into the area, where Myanmar says its security forces are carrying out clearance operations to defend against  extremist terrorists .  Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Rakhine vigilantes have unleashed a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population. The burning of more villages is likely to fuel an exodus of Rohingya to neighboring Bangladesh. Nearly 270,000 have fled in less than two weeks, creating a humanitarian crisis. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Thursday her government was doing its best to protect everyone, but she has drawn criticism from around the world for failing to speak out about the violence and the Muslim minority, including calls to revoke her 1991 Nobel Peace Prize. Rathedaung, the site of the latest fires, is the furthest Rohingya-inhabited area from the border with Bangladesh. Humanitarian workers had been concerned that a large number of the Muslims had been trapped there. The blazes were confirmed by sources including two monitors with a network of informants on the ground, and a local journalist based in the nearby town of Buthidaung. They said that among the torched villages were the hamlets of Ah Htet Nan Yar and Auk Nan Yar, some 65 km (40 miles) north of Sittwe, capital of Rakhine state. One source said a camp for internally displaced people in the area also went up in flames. One of the sources said 300 to 400 Rohingya who had escaped other burnings had been sheltering at Ah Htet Nan Yar until the day before the fire broke out. They had escaped before it started, the source said, quoting an eyewitness. The villagers were now hiding in the forest or attempting a perilous, days-long journey by foot in the monsoon rain toward the Maungdaw region and further west to the River Naf separating Myanmar and Bangladesh. The latest flight of Rohingya from their homes in Myanmar began two weeks ago after Rohingya insurgents attacked several police posts in Rakhine. That triggered an army counter-offensive in which at least 400 people were killed. ",1
20576,"Hammered by Andrew, Florida town's rebuilding tested by Irma","HOMESTEAD, Fla. (Reuters) - This sprawling suburb on Florida s southern tip was nearly wiped flat by one hurricane 25 years ago. Now its residents hope they have rebuilt strong enough to withstand another. With Hurricane Irma churning toward Florida on Friday, many people in Homestead prepared to hunker down in houses that are substantially more fortified than those that were swept aside when Hurricane Andrew came ashore in 1992. Barreling ashore with winds of up to 165 miles (265 km) per hour, Andrew ripped roofs off houses and stripped palm trees bare. The Category 5 hurricane was responsible for 61 deaths and $26.5 billion in property damage, making it one of the most expensive storms in U.S. history. But a tough new building code approved after the storm required structures to be built to withstand wind speeds of at least 111 miles per hour. So-called hurricane impact windows, which are now common, must be made with shatterproof glass and cheap materials like particle board can no longer be used on roofs. Even construction cranes, a common sight in downtown Miami, must be able to withstand winds of up to 145 miles per hour. No one knows where Irma, a Category 4 storm with top sustained winds of 155 miles an hour late on Friday, will strike the hardest when it makes its projected landfall in south Florida on Sunday. But fortified roofs and other measures to secure buildings have persuaded people like Joy McRae of Homestead, which includes a major agricultural area, to stay put rather than join the hordes trying to escape for safer ground north on the Florida Turnpike and Interstate 95.  I convinced myself that it s not going to be so bad,  said McRae, 56, as she listed the features of her concrete house, built in 2007, including both shatterproof windows and aluminum  hurricane shutters. Though McRae was worried about possible flooding - many new neighborhoods in Homestead are built in low-lying areas - she said she did not expect a repeat of 1992, when Andrew tore the roof off her house and flattened entire neighborhoods nearby.  We ve got everything battened down, we re just getting some food and we re ready to ride it out,  she said.  If south Florida is sturdier now than it was 25 years ago, it also presents a bigger target, however. The population has grown by more than one-third since Andrew, to 2.7 million, as high-rise condos have sprouted in downtown Miami and potato fields have been transformed into subdivisions in outlying areas like Homestead. Homestead s population has more than doubled since 1992 to 67,000, according to the U.S. Census Bureau and all that growth could lead to more devastation.  Insurer Swiss Re, in one estimate, said Irma would cause between $50 billion and $60 billion in damages if it were to  take an identical path to Andrew. That concerns some longtime residents, who say they are worried less by the prospect of property damage than by how their neighbors might behave in the chaos. Schoolteacher Michael Littman, 51, recalls hearing gunshots at night after Andrew blew through his neighborhood. Police struggled restore order for several days, he said, adding that he plans to keep his cellphone, wallet and Smith & Wesson pistol close by this time around.  I ve seen anarchy before,  Littman said.  It s shocking to see what happens when you strip away the thin veneer of civilization.  ",1
20577,Brazil prosecutor charges members of Temer's party with criminal organization,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s top prosecutor on Friday charged six lawmakers from President Michel Temer s Brazilian Democracy Movement Party (PMDB) with forming a criminal organization, the latest in a barrage of charges in the country s sprawling corruption scandal. Those accused by prosecutor Rodrigo Janot in a filing with the Supreme Court include former senator and president Jose Sarney, the government s leader in the Senate Romero Juca and four other current senators. A corruption scandal involving cartels of companies bribing officials for public contracts has enveloped most of Brazil s political elite with Janot expected to issue another charge against Temer in coming weeks.  Temer defeated a first corruption charge from Janot, when the lower house of Congress voted not to allow it to proceed to trial. Separately on Friday, the Supreme Court said it would consider next week requests from Temer that would block Janot from issuing further charges. In the charges against the senators, Janot alleges the group  unduly received 864 million reais ($279.84 million) and generated related losses of 5.5 billion reais for state-controlled oil firm Petrobras and 113 million reais for its subsidiary Transpetro. Transpetro s former president, Sergio Machado, was also charged. The PMDB said in a statement that the prosecutor lacked evidence and that it trusted the Supreme Court would set the charges aside. Juca said in a statement he believes the Supreme Court will seriously analyze the charges and he hopes for a speedy investigation. A representative for Machado said he continues to collaborate with authorities, providing evidence of crimes involving politicians and Transpetro suppliers that resulted in several cases being filed. Janot s latest charges echo those against former presidents Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, Dilma Rousseff and six other members of the Workers Party for criminal organization earlier this week. Lula and Rousseff deny the charges. ($1 = 3.0875 reais) ",1
20578,Trump offers US support to French president after Irma hits French islands,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump spoke on Friday with French President Emmanuel Macron to extend his condolences on the devastation to the French territories of St. Barthelemy and St. Martin due to Hurricane Irma, and to offer U.S. support to the French government, the White House said in a statement. ",1
20579,Venezuela's Maduro seeks debt negotiations after U.S. sanctions,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has invited bondholders to unspecified  negotiations  over the country s foreign debt in coming days, in response to recent U.S. financial sanctions.  With Venezuela deep in recession and its currency reserves at their lowest in more than two decades, the Maduro government and state oil company PDVSA have to pay about $4 billion in debt and interest during the rest of 2017.      All bondholders are invited to various rounds of negotiations over the next few weeks,  the president said in a speech late on Thursday to the new Constituent Assembly. He reiterated Venezuela would keep honoring debt, but said he wanted to talk with bondholders affected by sanctions recently imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump.  Maduro said Vice President Tareck El Aissami, already under U.S. financial sanctions over drug trafficking allegations, and Finance Minister Ramon Lobo would coordinate talks and some  bilateral conversations  with bondholders had already begun. In the same speech, Maduro said Venezuela would seek to  free  itself of the U.S. dollar and  implement a new system of international payments  using currencies such as the yuan, yen, rupee, euro and ruble. The president did not, however, specify whether paying in a different currency was an option his government wanted to discuss with bondholders. The Washington-based Institute of International Finance, which represents large banks and financial institutions, said it was advising a group of holders of Venezuelan bonds.  This informal group will take note of the Venezuelan announcements and discuss how to proceed,  IIF Executive Managing Director Hung Tran told Reuters. The group was made up of bondholders from the United States and elsewhere, he said. Tran said Venezuela could not change the currency of bonds without agreement by all or a large majority of holders. Last month, Trump, who brands Maduro a  dictator,  signed an executive order that prohibits Americans from dealing in new debt issued by the Venezuelan government or PDVSA. That could complicate any debt refinancing attempts. Washington has also sanctioned PDVSA s finance boss Simon Zerpa, meaning U.S. businesses are barred from dealing with him, and even Maduro himself in measures intended to punish the Venezuelan government for alleged corruption and rights abuses.   I will be announcing Venezuela s definitive response to the financial aggression we - and the international investors - have suffered from Donald Trump and (opposition leader) Julio Borges,  Maduro added in the speech on Thursday. Borges, the head of the opposition-led congress whose role has been overridden by the Constituent Assembly, has been spearheading an opposition campaign for foreign financial institutions to put the squeeze on Venezuela s government.  Venezuela will take a position to defend the judicial and financial security of the republic and its investors or holders of financial instruments,  Maduro added. Though Maduro gave no further details of what his government wanted to discuss with bondholders or where talks would be held, he did say 74 percent were American or Canadian.  Three bondholders consulted by Reuters said they had not received any formal approach to dialogue, though two said intermediaries for the government had been communicating with some investors informally.  We didn t receive an invitation or anything like that. Even if we had we don t think we would take it too seriously,  said one portfolio manager at a large New York firm that owns Venezuelan debt, asking not to be named.  In trading on Friday, Venezuelan government and PDVSA bonds were little changed in price. The OPEC nation of 30 million people is in the fourth year of a recession, with its population grappling with triple-digit inflation and shortages of food and medicine.  Critics say a long-failing socialist economic system is to blame for Venezuela s financial troubles, while the government blames an alleged  economic war  by domestic foes and Washington.  International reserves stood at $9.873 billion on Wednesday, compared with nearly $30 billion five years ago, central bank data shows. They are at their lowest level since 1995. Most of the country s reserves are tied up in gold that cannot be used in financial transactions without going through a certification process in another country.  In another speech on Friday, Maduro said that Venezuela would begin selling its oil, gas, gold and  all products  in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, but gave no further details of the intended changes in export transactions.     ",1
20580,Saudi Arabia suspends any dialogue with Qatar: SPA,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia on Saturday suspended any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of  distorting facts , just after a report of a phone call between the leaders of both countries suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute. Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman spoke by the telephone with Qatar s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani on Friday when they discussed the Gulf dispute, state media from both countries reported earlier. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar on June 5, suspending air and shipping routes with the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas, which is home to the region s biggest U.S. military base. The nations say Doha supports regional foe Iran and Islamists, charges Qatar s leaders deny. Kuwait has been trying to mediate the dispute.  During the call, the Emir of Qatar expressed his desire to sit at the dialogue table and discuss the demands of the four countries to ensure the interests of all,  Saudi state news agency SPA reported.  The details will be announced later after the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia concludes an understanding with the United Arab Emirates, the Kingdom of Bahrain and the Arab Republic of Egypt,  SPA said. The phone call was the first publicly reported contact between the two leaders since the start of the crisis.  Qatar s state news agency QNA said the phone call was based on coordination of U.S. President Donald Trump who had earlier talked with Sheikh Tamim. Trump on Thursday said he would be willing to step in and mediate the worst dispute in decades among the U.S.-allied Arab states and Qatar, and said he thinks a deal could come quickly. Both Qatar s Emir and the Saudi Crown Prince  stressed the need to resolve the crisis by sitting down to the dialogue table to ensure the unity and stability of the GCC countries,  QNA reported. Sheikh Tamim welcomed the proposal of Prince Mohammed during the call  to assign two envoys to resolve controversial issues in a way that does not affect the sovereignty of the states,  QNA said. Saudi Arabia later issued a second statement citing an unnamed official at the ministry of the foreign affairs denying the QNA report.  What was published on the Qatar News Agency is a continuation of the distortion of the Qatari authority of the facts,  SPA reported citing the Saudi official.  The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia announces the suspension of any dialogue or communication with the authority in Qatar until a clear statement is issued clarifying its position in public.  ",1
20581,"Trump speaks with leaders of Saudi Arabia, UAE and Qatar","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke separately on Friday with Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, United Arab Emirates Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan, and Qatar s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, the White House said in a statement. Trump told them that unity among Washington s Arab partners was essential to promoting regional stability and countering the threat of Iran, the statement said.  The president also emphasized that all countries must follow through on commitments from the Riyadh Summit to defeat terrorism, cut off funding for terrorist groups, and combat extremist ideology,  it said. Trump also spoke to Qatar s al-Thani on Thursday. Trump told a news conference on Thursday that he would be willing to step in and mediate a dispute among the U.S.-allied Arab states and Qatar, and said he thought a deal could come quickly. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar on June 5, suspending air and shipping routes with the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas, which is home to the region s biggest U.S. military base. The nations say Doha supports regional foe Iran and Islamists, charges Qatar s leaders deny. ",1
20582,Saudi Arabia suspends any dialogue with Qatar: SPA,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia on Saturday suspended any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of  distorting facts , just after a report of a phone call between the leaders of both countries suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute. Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman spoke by the telephone with Qatar s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani on Friday when they discussed the Gulf dispute, state media from both countries reported earlier.  ",1
20583,State Department approves $3.8 billion in arms sales to Bahrain: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has approved arms sales packages worth more than $3.8 billion to Bahrain including F-16 jets, upgrades, missiles and patrol boats, the Pentagon said on Friday. The approvals coincide with the State Department s notification to Congress, which had held up a similar arms deal last year over human rights concerns.  The proposed sales include 19 F-16V jets made by Lockheed Martin Corp which could have a value of up to $2.7 billion, the Pentagon said.  Other potential sales approved Friday include two 35 meter (114 feet) patrol boats with machine guns, 221 anti-tank missiles made by Raytheon Co and $1.8 billion worth of upgrades to Bahrain s existing fleet of F-16 jets, the Pentagon said in separate statements. In May, U.S. President Donald Trump said Washington s relations with Bahrain would improve, after meeting with the king of the Gulf Arab state during a visit to Saudi Arabia. However in June, U.S. Senator Bob Corker, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he would block arms sales to members of the Gulf Cooperation Council, including Bahrain, until they made progress in resolving a simmering dispute with Qatar. But a U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity earlier on Friday, said the proposed sales were cleared by the Senate Foreign Relations and House Foreign Affairs Committees through the regular  tiered review process  which precedes this formal notification. The U.S. official also said the United States has regular discussions with Bahrain on human rights and political reform and continues to urge its government to pursue efforts that will enhance regional security. ",1
20584,Son of Russian lawmaker pleads guilty in cyber crime cases,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The son of a Russian lawmaker accused of stealing credit card data and other personal information has pleaded guilty in two criminal cases stemming from a probe into a $50 million online identity theft scheme, the U.S. Justice Department said on Friday. Roman Seleznev, 33, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty to one count of participating in a racketeering scheme, and another count of conspiracy to commit bank fraud. The charges were filed in federal courts in Nevada and Georgia, and the plea deal for both cases was finalized on Thursday. In April, Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison by a federal court in Washington for his role in a cyber assault involving hacking into point of sale computers to steal credit card numbers. He was arrested in the Maldives and brought to the United States to face charges. The Russian government has previously criticized the arrest, calling it an unlawful kidnapping. Seleznev s attorney, Igor Litvak, said his client accepts responsibility for his role in the two cyber cases settled on Thursday, but that he intends to appeal his conviction stemming from the third separate Washington case.  We still feel the way he was brought to the U.S. was illegal,  Litvak told Reuters.  He was basically kidnapped.  The Nevada and Georgia cases involved a credit card fraud ring known as  Carder.su,  an Internet-based network used by criminals who trafficked stolen credit card data. In pleading guilty, Seleznev admitted he got involved with the ring in January 2009 and sold compromised credit card data to others on the network. He also admitted to serving as a  casher  by working with other hackers to defraud an Atlanta company that helped process credit and debit card transactions. That scheme ultimately let the hackers steal 45.5 million debit card numbers and withdraw $9.4 million from ATMs in 280 cities. ",1
20585,Factbox: Top agricultural exports vulnerable to Irma,"(Reuters) - The following are the top five agricultural exports by volume in the key regions along the U.S. Atlantic coast that could be impacted by Hurricane Irma. Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms in a century, was expected to hit Florida on Sunday morning, bringing massive damage from wind and flooding. It has already killed 21 people and left catastrophic destruction on its way through the eastern Caribbean. Nearly half of U.S. poultry exports transit through these five ports. (Percentages are of total U.S. exports. Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Soy Transportation Coalition) NORFOLK region 1. Soybeans - 4 percent 2. Grain products, cereal, flour - 3 percent 3. Bulk grains - 2 percent 4. Grocery items - 10 percent 5. Animal feed - 3 percent In addition, 18 percent of U.S. soybean oil exports leave from the Norfolk port region along with 8 percent of meat exports and 5 percent of poultry shipments. None of these are in the top five by tonnage for the port. 1. Poultry - 32 percent 2. Raw cotton - 16 percent 3. Animal feed - 1 percent 4. Grocery items - 3 percent 5. Bulbs and seeds - 18 percent 1. Grocery items - 8 percent 2. Poultry - 2 percent 3. Non-alcoholic beverages - 3 percent 4. Fruit - 3 percent 5. Meat - 1 percent 1. Poultry - 9 percent 2. Grocery items - 8 percent 3. Beer, ale - 25 percent 4. Animal feed - 1 percent 5. Non-alcoholic beverages - 6 percent 1. Grocery items - 7 percent 2. Non-alcoholic beverages - 9 percent 3. Grapefruit - 31 percent 4. Citrus fruit juices - 12 percent 5. Poultry - 1 percent ",1
20586,Factbox: Irma vs Andrew: How 2017's big hurricane compares with 1992,"(Reuters) - Florida Governor Rick Scott has warned that Hurricane Irma, which was barreling toward Florida on Friday, could be more damaging than 1992 s Hurricane Andrew which caused more than $26 billion in devastation in the state. Following are some facts about hurricanes Irma and Andrew: - In 1992, Hurricane Andrew blasted the southern part of Florida as it moved from east to west, spending about four hours over the state. By comparison, Scott warned this week that Irma was wider than all of Florida and could swamp it from coast to coast, during a northward push through the state.  Remember, Hurricane Andrew is one of the worst storms in the history of Florida,  Scott said at a news conference.  This is much worse and more devastating on its current path.  - Hurricane Irma could hit the Florida Keys as a Category 5, which is the highest ranking for a storm s severity, with sustained winds of 160 miles per hour (258 km per hour). Andrew made landfall as a Category 5 with maximum sustained winds of 145 miles per hour (233 km/h), according to the National Weather Service. - Hurricane Andrew directly caused 15 deaths in Florida and another 29 indirect deaths, from causes such as fires, electrocutions and cleanup accidents, according to the National Weather Service. It directly killed eight people in Louisiana, and indirectly killed nine more in the Southern state. - Andrew damaged or destroyed 126,000 single-family houses and ripped apart 9,000 mobile homes, according to the National Weather Service. It also caused property damage in Louisiana after sweeping through the Gulf of Mexico.     Irma is larger than Andrew and it could leave 100,000 people without shelter, Federal Emergency Management Agency  Administrator Brock Long warned at a news conference. - In Homestead, Hurricane Andrew destroyed 1,167 mobile homes, which amounted to 99 percent of all the mobile homes in that South Florida town, according to the National Weather Service. After Andrew, the federal government imposed more stringent regulations for those types of homes.   ",1
20587,Miami hospitals prepare for surge in births during Hurricane Irma,"(Reuters) - While many Miami hospitals are shutting down as Hurricane Irma bears down on Florida, some are offering shelter to their pregnant patients, bracing for the increase in births that often accompanies these large storms. At least three of the city s hospitals have plans in place to care for women with advanced or high-risk pregnancies.  They could be busy. When Houston was hit by Hurricane Harvey, the number of women who gave birth spiked. According to a Memorial Hermann Health System representative, at least five of the not-for-profit system s 11 Houston-area hospitals with labor and delivery units reported increases in the number of deliveries during Hurricane Harvey. In three, deliveries doubled. The reason may have something to do with a drop in barometric pressure that accompanies a hurricane. A 2007 study published in the Archives of Gynecology and Obstetrics noted a causal relationship between low barometric pressure and spontaneous delivery. But overall, the evidence is inconclusive, said Dr. Shannon Clark, an associate professor in the division of maternal fetal medicine at University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston, on the Gulf of Mexico.  There s some studies that show an association and some that don t. It s kind of mixed,  Clark said in a telephone interview. Even so, she said,  It s still worth it to forewarn pregnant women in areas that are going to get hit that there could be a potential complication.  In Miami, Jackson Health System alerted women who are at least 34 weeks pregnant or who have a high-risk pregnancy that they may take shelter in one of three of its hospitals, as long as they have registered with the hospital in advance. These women are allowed to bring in one guest, but no pets. Tania Leets, a spokeswoman for the public health system which serves Miami-Dade County, said they offered the same service last year during Hurricane Matthew. Baptist Health South Florida offers shelter to women in Miami who are at least 36 weeks pregnant or who have a high-risk pregnancy in one of its four area hospitals. A pregnant woman and one adult companion can set up camp in a waiting room area; those who come must bring their own food, water and bedding. The shelter opens at 8 a.m. on Saturday and closes when the storm has passed, Baptist Health South said in a statement.  Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach will likewise shelter women who are at least 36 weeks pregnant or those with high-risk pregnancies, according to a statement on its website. At Memorial Hermann Greater Heights Hospital in Houston,  deliveries started to soar two days before Hurricane Harvey arrived, requiring five managers to help with patient care.   We all know in this business - full moons and storms are a problem,  said Kim Kendall, director of the hospital s family birth center. Staff made an effort to close the shades, redirect the conversation and focus on the delivery.  We tried to maximize the experience and minimize the hurricane,  said Kendall.   ",1
20588,Pope urges skeptical Colombians to accept peace with guerrillas,"VILLAVICENCIO, Colombia (Reuters) - Pope Francis urged Colombians skeptical of a peace deal with guerrillas to be open to reconciliation with those who have repented, speaking hours after a top rebel leader asked the pontiff for forgiveness.  Dear people of Colombia: do not be afraid of asking for forgiveness and offering it,  he said, at an emotional meeting that brought together victims of the 50-year civil war with former guerrilla and paramilitary fighters. The Argentine pope, leader of the world s Roman Catholics, is visiting Colombia with a message of national reconciliation, as the country tries to heal the wounds left by the conflict and bitter disagreements over a peace deal agreed last year. Francis flew to the city of Villavicencio in Meta province, a vast cattle ranching area which was a hotbed of right-wing paramilitary and Marxist guerrilla violence during a conflict with successive governments. As he arrived, former Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebel leader Rodrigo Londono, now the head of a new political party, issued an open letter to the pope asking for forgiveness for the suffering the group inflicted. [nL2N1LP0UZ]  Your repeated expressions about God s infinite mercy move me to plead your forgiveness for any tears or pain that we have caused the people of Colombia,  Londono, who goes by the alias Timochenko, said in the letter. Tens of thousands of ecstatic people in this humid area of savanna and shantytowns packed the roads as the pope, riding in the front seat of a simple car, passed by on Friday morning after his plane arrived from the capital Bogota. The pope s afternoon prayer meeting in Villavicencio with about 6,000 survivors of the brutal conflict was the centerpiece of his five-day trip to overwhelmingly Catholic Colombia. He listened to personal accounts from four people, including a woman who joined a paramilitary group when she was 16, a former FARC guerrilla, and two victims of violence between the guerrillas and paramilitary squads. One of the victims, Pastora Mira Garc a, told how she lost her father, husband and two children in the conflict. To great applause she urged forgiveness to  break the cycle of violence  and said she could now  name the unnamable and forgive the unforgivable . On the wall of the stage was a destroyed statue of Jesus Christ recovered from a church attacked by the FARC in 2002 in the rain forest village of Bojaya. About 80 people were killed as they sought refuge from rebel bombings inside the humble church. The plaster figure, without arms or legs, has become an enduring symbol of the war.  As we look at it, we remember not only what happened on that day, but also the immense suffering, the many deaths and broken lives, and all the blood spilled in Colombia these past decades,  the pope said. Conflict between right-wing paramilitary squads, Marxist rebels, and government forces since the 1960s has killed more than 220,000 people and left millions more displaced. Now Colombians are deeply polarized as they prepare to receive 7,000 former fighters, such as Londono, into society. Many are furious that under last year s peace deal, FARC leaders accused of kidnapping and murder will avoid jail sentences and may receive seats in congress as members of a new political party. [nL1N1DN22O] Francis addressed this hesitancy head-on.   Undoubtedly, it is a challenge for each of us to trust that those who inflicted suffering on communities and on a whole country can take a step forward,  he said.   Let us heal that pain and welcome every person who has committed offences, who admits their failures, is repentant and truly wants to make reparation.  As he left Villavicencio, he stopped to pray at the Reconciliation Cross, a memorial to survivors and those killed during the war, and planted a tree as a symbol of peace. Earlier, Francis celebrated a Mass for hundreds of thousands of people on a muddy field to beatify Pedro Maria Ramirez, a priest who was killed in 1948 during a period of political violence known as  La Violencia,  and Bishop Jesus Emilio Jaramillo, killed in 1989 by the National Liberation Army (ELN) for suspected collaboration with the military. ",1
20589,"Foreigner killed in car explosion in central Kiev, police say","KIEV (Reuters) - A Georgian man was killed and a woman was injured in a car explosion in the center of Kiev, Ukraine s capital, in Friday evening s rush hour, police said. Artem Shevchenko, spokesman for Ukraine s interior ministry, said the police had launched investigation into the killing.  An unidentified explosive device exploded inside the car. A Georgian citizen was killed,  he said. He said there were three people in the car. An injured woman was brought in hospital and a child survived, he said. The local television channel 112 showed a black Toyota, the left side of which had been badly damaged in the blast. ",1
20590,Togo leader must quit now for protests to stop: opposition head,"DAKAR/LOME (Reuters) - The leader of Togo s main opposition alliance said on Friday that President Faure Gnassingbe must quit power immediately or protests against his family s 50-year ruling dynasty would continue. Thousands of people have taken to the streets in the past three days to demand that Gnassingbe step aside, in the most serious challenge to his family s stranglehold on power since the death of his father in 2005. Police used tear gas to disperse protesters who were burning tires in Lome s opposition stronghold of Be on Friday, a Reuters correspondent said.   He has to leave now. We will not accept him staying on any longer,  Jean-Pierre Fabre, head of the National Alliance for Change, told Reuters by telephone.   The Togolese are tired ... We will continue to protest.  It was not immediately possible to reach Gnassingbe s office. Text messages and phone calls were restricted and the internet has suffered outages. A short government statement on state TV merely acknowledged the protests and said that 10 people had been injured in them, of which eight were security forces and two protesters.  But unrest was less widespread than in previous days and traffic had resumed in some areas of the seaside capital amid a heavy police and paramilitary presence. By evening there were no further reports of protests, which seemed to have died down, a Reuters witness said. The president s father Gnassingbe Eyadema seized power in a coup in 1967 and ruled for 38 years before his death.  In response to protests, he introduced a 1992 constitution that brought in notional multi-party democracy and limited presidential terms to two. Ten years later, lawmakers scrapped the term limit so Eyadema could run for another term.  When he died in 2005, the military installed his son instead of the national assembly head as was legally required, triggering protests in which at least 500 people were killed. Fabre, a French-educated former economics lecturer and newspaper editor, lost to Gnassingbe in disputed presidential polls in 2010 and 2015. He told Reuters that another election would not be fair unless major reforms were made. Gnassingbe s government this week sought to appease its opponents by tabling a draft bill to reform the constitution and reintroduce a two-term limit, but opposition leaders reject it because it could still enable Gnassingbe to rule until 2030. The president, who has encouraged investment to try to turn his tiny nation into a business, banking and shipping hub modeled on Singapore or Dubai, has a mandate due to expire in 2020. But Fabre said even that was too late for him to leave.  We can t accept that. This is a question of liberty,  he said.  The resistance is now organizing itself ... We are very numerous.  The U.N. Special Representative for West Africa and the Sahel Mohamed Ibn Chambas urged Togo to respond to people s  legitimate expectations . He also called on all parties  to preserve peace and security . Chambas, who met with Gnassingbe on Thursday, has delayed his departure and is staying in Togo for further discussions, his spokesman said.   I remain convinced that all parties want to move forward on the reforms ... in order to reach a consensus to respond to the legitimate expectations of the Togolese people,  Chambas said in a statement. Since Gambian autocrat Yahya Jammeh was forced out after losing an election last December, West African countries have become unanimous in accepting two terms as the limit on presidential office   the only exception being Togo. Security forces appear to have avoided bloodshed so far this week, but Amnesty International condemned security forces for firing tear gas at and beating peaceful protesters, and for an  unjustified attack on internet freedom.   ",1
20591,Factbox: Key railroad assets in Hurricane Irma's path,"(Reuters) - Major eastern U.S. railroads CSX Corp and Norfolk Southern Corp are rerouting rail cars and locomotives, holding traffic in yards out of harm s way, relocating workers, and putting repair equipment into place as Hurricane Irma barrels toward Florida. Here are some key rail facilities in the U.S. Southeast that could be impacted by Irma, projected to strike southern Florida on Sunday: The No. 3 U.S. railroad, based in Jacksonville, Florida, has major rail yards in Jacksonville, Orlando, and Tampa, on the state s western Gulf Coast. Apart from the major rail yards, Jacksonville and Tampa also have intermodal terminals, transfer terminals for bulk goods, and auto distribution terminals.  Orlando has the major rail yard and auto distribution terminal. It has bulk good transfer terminals in Fort Lauderdale.  CSX serves 12 ports, including Fort Myers, Fort Pierce, Jacksonville, Miami, Palm Beach, and Panama City. For Georgia, CSX has major rail yards in Atlanta, coastal Savannah, and Waycross as part of its 2,700 miles (4,345 km) of track. In Atlanta and Savannah, they also have intermodal and bulk transfer operations in addition to the major rail yards. Augusta, about 150 miles from the Atlantic Ocean, is a terminal serving bulk commodities.  In Alabama, CSX has major rail yards in Mobile, Birmingham, and Montgomery. It has bulk freight transfer terminals in Birmingham and Montgomery and an intermodal terminal in Mobile. In South Carolina, it has major rail yards in Charleston, which also has intermodal and bulk commodity terminal operations, and Florence, and has bulk terminals in Spartanburg and Greenville.     The No. 4 U.S. railroad, based in Norfolk, Virginia, has a major rail yard, intermodal and auto distribution facilities and a rail-to-truck transfer facility in Jacksonville, in Florida s northeast.  In Atlanta, Georgia, the railroad has a rail yard, rail-to-truck transfer and auto distribution facilities, and two intermodal facilities. It also has yards in Macon, Augusta, Valdosta, Albany, Rome, Columbus, and Savannah, with rail-to-truck transfer facilities in Augusta, and Dalton.  In Georgia it also has auto distribution facilities in Commerce, Savannah, and Brunswick, and port access points in Savannah and Brunswick, in the state s southwest.     In South Carolina, the railroad has port operations, a rail yard, an intermodal terminal and an auto distribution facility in Charleston, as well as a yard and rail-to-truck transfer facility in Columbia. In the broader area of Greenville, in the state s northwest, it has two rail yards, a rail-to-truck transfer facility and an intermodal terminal.  In Alabama, the company has key intermodal, auto distribution and rail yard facilities in Birmingham, with yards in Selma, Mobile further south, and Sheffield, and Decatur in the north. Mobile also has a rail-to-truck transfer facility and port operations. ",1
20592,U.S. Navy moving aircraft carrier for Hurricane Irma relief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy said on Friday that it was moving the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln and other ships into position to provide humanitarian relief from Hurricane Irma if needed. The Abraham Lincoln, along with the amphibious assault ship Iwo Jima and transport dock ship New York, have left Norfolk, Virginia and are making their way south while trying to avoid the hurricane, U.S. officials said. A destroyer is expected to join them.  These ships are capable of providing medical support, maritime civil affairs, maritime security, expeditionary logistic support, medium and heavy-lift air support,  the statement said. In total, the four ships have three CH-53E Marine heavy lift helicopters, 10 MH-60S and 14 MH-60R Navy medium life helicopters. The Pentagon said the assault ship Wasp near the U.S. Virgin Islands was carrying out evacuations for critical patients from the island of St. Thomas to the larger St. Croix island. So far, 21 patients have been evacuated with another 23 evacuations planned for Friday, U.S. Northern Command said in a statement.  The U.S. Air Force said it had moved 50 F-16 fighter jets and more than 100 personnel from Shaw Air Force base in South Carolina to Louisiana. Military facilities in the path of the hurricane have ordered evacuations.  MacDill Air Force base in Tampa, home to U.S. Central Command which oversees military operations in the Middle East, ordered a mandatory evacuation. Marine Corps Recruit Depot in Parris Island, South Carolina, said it had authorized and encouraged non-essential military and civilian personnel to evacuate.  ",1
20593,Additional inspectors sent to Florida's nuclear plants ahead of Irma: NRC,"(Reuters) - The Nuclear Regulatory Commission said on Friday it has dispatched additional inspectors to the Turkey Point and St. Lucie nuclear plants in Florida in preparation for the effects of hurricane Irma on those sites. Turkey Point was expected to close on Friday evening and St. Lucie is to shut about 12 hours later, depending on the storm s path. The nuclear plants are located along Florida s Atlantic Coast, about 20 feet (6 meters) above sea level. The NRC inspectors are verifying that all of the preparations have been completed, and the plants  emergency diesel generators are available to be used if the storm affects off-site power supplies, the agency said in a statement. The inspectors will remain at the nuclear plant sites and the incident response center will remain staffed until the agency is assured that the storm no longer poses a risk to these facilities, the agency said.  The NRC expects to activate the regional incident response center in Atlanta, Georgia, on Saturday. Electricity generator Florida Power & Light (FPL), a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Inc, generates enough power for about 1.9 million homes at the Turkey Point and St. Lucie plants.  Hurricane Irma is expected to hit Florida as a powerful Category 4 on Sunday. It threatens to knock out power to more than 4.1 million homes and businesses served by FPL, affecting around nine million people based on the current storm track, the utility s chief executive said. ",1
20594,U.N. aviation agency to call for global drone registry,"MONTREAL (Reuters) - The United Nations  aviation agency is backing the creation of a single global drone registry, as part of broader efforts to come up with common rules for flying and tracking unmanned aircraft. While the International Civil Aviation Organization cannot impose regulations on countries, ICAO has proposed formation of the registry during a Montreal symposium this month to make data accessible in real time, said Stephen Creamer, director of ICAO s air navigation bureau. The single registry would eschew multiple databases in favor of a one-stop-shop that would allow law enforcement to remotely identify and track unmanned aircraft, along with their operator and owner.  The initiative comes at a time when drone usage is soaring in the United States, Europe and China, raising privacy concerns and fears of collisions with commercial jets.    You ve got to have some commonality so that you re not carrying five receivers in your police car,  Creamer said in an interview on Thursday. It s not yet clear who would operate such a database, although ICAO could possibly fill that role. The proposal, however, could face push back from users, after hobbyists successfully challenged the creation of a U.S. drone registry by the Federal Aviation Administration in court earlier this year. ICAO will host the symposium from Sept 22-23 on issues like registering and tracking drones, along with geofencing-like systems to prevent their operation in restricted areas. The talks will be at an event attended by experts and companies like Google, Rockwell Collins (COL.N) and Amazon.com (AMZN.O), according to the meeting program schedule. Montreal-headquartered ICAO, which normally sets standards for international civil aviation that are adopted by its 191-member countries, was asked to assist in the development of more uniform domestic drone regulations because the remotely-piloted aircraft are sold and flown globally.  They (drone makers) are worried that Europe might create one set of standards, United States might do a second and China might do a third. And they ve got to build a drone differently in these different environments,  Creamer said. Parimal Kopardekar, a principal investigator for Unmanned Aircraft System Traffic Management (UTM) at the NASA Ames Research Center in California said he supported the drone industry developing around the world with common operating standards.  I think it s smart that ICAO is trying to harmonize it,  he said by phone.    If you have a drone that you build in one country you should be able to use it in another country and vice versa.  ",1
20595,U.S waives Jones Act to secure fuel for hurricane responders,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government on Friday said it was temporarily waiving a law that limits the availability of cargoes on the U.S. coasts, a step that will ensure enough fuel reaches emergency responders during Hurricane Irma and in the wake of Hurricane Harvey.  The Jones Act mandates the use of U.S.-flagged vessels to transport merchandise between U.S. coasts. The Department of Homeland Security waived the requirement for one week. This will allow oil and gas operators to use often cheaper, tax-free, or more readily available foreign-flagged vessels. Harvey, which hit Texas with record floods, had a wider effect of disrupting fuel distribution across Florida, Georgia and other Southeastern states by shutting refineries and pipelines.  With Hurricane Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms in a century, expected to hit Florida in days, the region will experience  one of the largest mass evacuations in American history  and see historic levels of restoration and response crews, said Elaine Duke, acting secretary of Homeland Security. Waiving the Jones Act will ensure there is fuel to support lifesaving efforts and restore services and infrastructure in the wake of the storm, Duke said.  ",1
20596,Factbox: Florida's most deadly and destructive hurricanes,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma was churning toward Florida on Friday, prompting the governor to plead with residents in the evacuation zone to flee their homes before the powerful and immense storms slams into the southern half of the state on Sunday.  Following are five of the most deadly and destructive hurricanes to make landfall in Florida, listed in chronological order: - Great Miami Hurricane, 1926 Miami s population had boomed in the early 1920s, and hurricanes were a strange phenomenon to new residents. When the eye of the storm came, people wandered outside in the deceptive calm. After they eye had passed, they were caught off guard by deadly winds and high waves. Outside Miami, flooding at Lake Okeechobee also caused many deaths. The storm killed at least 372 people in the state.  - Okeechobee Hurricane, 1928 It made landfall in Palm Beach County, Florida, unleashing waves as high as 20 feet (6 meters). In Palm Beach, a haven for the wealthy, some structures were flattened. The south shore of Lake Okeechobee, where migrant farm workers lived, was flooded as water topped dikes. At least 2,500 people are believed to have died from the storm in Florida, according to the National Weather Service. - Florida Keys Labor Day Hurricane, 1935 The hurricane struck the Florida Keys as a Category 5, the highest ranking possible. It killed more than 200 World War One veterans who were in the Keys to build a highway. The storm ranks as the most intense hurricane to hit the United States, based on a record low barometric pressure reading of 26.35 inches, according to the National Weather Service. It generated wind speeds of up to 200 miles per hour (322 km per hour). After ravaging the Keys, the storm moved north off the western coast of Florida before turning inland. In all, more than 400 people died in Florida.   - Hurricane Andrew, 1992 The hurricane struck South Miami-Dade County and caused an estimated $26 billion in damage. That ranked as the most expensive storm in U.S. history, until Hurricane Katrina inundated New Orleans and pummeled other parts of the U.S. South in 2005. More than a dozen people were directly killed by the storm in Florida, with others dying of indirect causes.  - Hurricane Wilma, 2005 While the death toll of five victims in Florida was low, compared with other hurricanes, Wilma caused more than $20 billion in property damage. It rambled across the southern part of the state, generating wind gusts of more than 100 miles per hour (161 km per hour). ",1
20597,French minister calls out Trump on climate change as Irma wreaks havoc,"PARIS (Reuters) - French Environment Minister Nicolas Hulot said on Friday extreme weather conditions like the powerful hurricane bearing down on Florida risked becoming the norm, and took a dig at U.S. President Donald Trump s stance on climate change. In an interview with France 2 TV about Hurricane Irma, Hulot implied that Trump - who has called global warming a hoax - was ignoring the reality of man-made climate change, which most mainstream scientists regard as an established fact. Trump said in May he was pulling the United States out of the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change that was brokered in Paris, saying it would harm the U.S. economy and cost jobs. Irma - described by Trump as a storm of  absolutely historic destructive potential  - pummeled Cuba and the Bahamas on Friday, and a second powerful hurricane was tracking towards the northeastern Caribbean. Asked if the storms might force Trump to rethink his  climate change policy, Hulot said:  What will change in the United States are the federal states, the cities, a whole section of society. I think that is what will make up for the reservations of the American president on the links between cause and effect.    ",1
20598,Brazil police arrest ex-minister Vieira Lima after cash seizure,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian police on Friday said they arrested former minister Geddel Vieira Lima on new charges after a corruption probe found his fingerprints in bags hiding more than 51 million reais ($16.52 million) in cash. Vieira Lima was in charge of President Michel Temer s relations with Congress until November.  He had been under house arrest since July, accused of obstruction of justice for allegedly trying to deter entrepreneur L cio Funaro, who worked for politicians close to Temer, from striking a plea bargain deal with prosecutors. Judge Vallisney de Souza Oliveira said in a ruling authorizing the arrest that it was necessary to stop Lima from committing other crimes.  Police took hours to calculate the exact amount of money found in boxes and bags earlier this week at an apartment in Salvador, in the nation s biggest-ever cash seizure. When Lima resigned from his cabinet post in November, he was the fifth minister to leave the administration over graft allegations. Temer himself was later charged by the country s top prosecutor of corruption, an accusation he managed to defeat through a lower house vote in August.  Lima s lawyer, Gamil Foppel, said his client had no access to the court documents about the evidence found by police, in clear violation of the law. ($1 = 3.0875 reais) ",1
20599,U.S.-led surveillance aircraft leave area near Islamic State convoy in Syria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State said on Friday its surveillance aircraft had moved away from an Islamic State convoy which has been trying to reach territory in east Syria. The Islamic State convoy has split in two, with 11 buses remaining in the open desert after others turned back into government-held areas. The Syrian government and Lebanon s Hezbollah group offered the convoy of originally about 300 lightly armed Islamic State fighters and about 300 family members safe passage in return for the militant group surrendering an enclave on the Syria-Lebanon border. However, the coalition has blocked the convoy from entering Islamic State territory in east Syria, near the border with Iraq, by cratering roads and destroying bridges.  To ensure safe de-confliction of efforts to defeat ISIS, coalition surveillance aircraft departed the adjacent airspace at the request of Russian officials during their assault on Dawyr Az Zawyr,  the coalition said in the Friday statement, using an acronym for Islamic State. The coalition said Syrian pro-regime forces had  advanced past  the convoy.  The regime s advance past the convoy underlines continued Syrian responsibility for the buses and terrorists,  Brigadier General Jon Braga, director of operations for the coalition said. ",1
20600,Hurricane Irma may cut power to over 9 million people in Florida: utility,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma threatens to knock out power to more than 4.1 million homes and businesses served by Florida Power & Light (FPL), affecting around nine million people based on the current storm track, the utility s chief executive said on Friday.  Everyone in Florida will be impacted in some way by this storm,  Eric Silagy said at a news conference, urging FPL customers to be prepared for a multiweek restoration process. FPL is the biggest power company in Florida serving almost half of the state s 20.6 million residents. Outages across the state will likely top 4.1 million customers since other utilities, including units of Duke Energy Corp, Southern Co and Emera Inc, will also suffer outages but have not yet estimated how many. Irma poses a significantly bigger menace to power supplies in Florida than Hurricane Harvey did in Texas because Irma is packing 150 mile-per-hour winds (240 km/h) that could down electric lines and close nuclear and other power plants.  This storm is unprecedented as far as strength and size. We are preparing for the worst and will likely have to rebuild parts of our service territory,  Silagy said, noting the kinds of winds expected could snap concrete poles. Irma s winds have rivaled the strongest for any hurricane in history in the Atlantic, whereas Harvey s damage came from record rainfall. Even as Houston flooded, the power stayed on for most, allowing citizens to use TV and radio to stay apprised of danger, or social media to call for help.  When Harvey made landfall in Texas it made it fully inland and weakened pretty quickly. Irma, however, could retain much of its strength,  said Jason Setree, a meteorologist at Commodity Weather Group. Irma has killed several people and devastated islands in the Caribbean.  Current forecasts put almost the entirety of the Florida peninsula in the path of the storm, which made landfall in the Caribbean with wind speeds of 185 mph. The threat of the Category 4 storm, the second highest rung on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale, is grave enough that FPL plans to shut its two nuclear power plants in the state, and officials warned that it may have to rebuild parts of its power system, which could take weeks. One of those nuclear plants, Turkey Point, is located south of Miami near the southern tip of Florida, putting it near where Irma is expected to make landfall early Sunday morning. The other nuclear plant, St. Lucie, is on a barrier island on the east coast about 120 miles (193 km) north of Miami. Most Florida residents have not experienced a major storm since 2005, when total outages peaked around 3.6 million during Hurricane Wilma. Some of those outages lasted for weeks. Setree compared the projected path of Irma to Hurricane Matthew in 2016, which knocked out power to about 1.2 million FPL customers in October. FPL, a unit of Florida energy company NextEra Energy Inc, restored service to most customers affected by Matthew in just two days. In a statement this week, FPL estimated about half of its near five million customers - particularly in the trio of populous southeast counties Miami-Dade, Palm Beach and Broward - had not experienced a major hurricane since 2005. FPL said it had invested nearly $3 billion since 2006 to strengthen its grid, including placing 60 main power lines underground and installing nearly five million smart meters and other devices. Other utilities in the Sunshine State said in statements that they had also invested in intelligent, self-healing devices. Smart meters allow utilities to see outages as they occur, rather than waiting on customer calls, and utilities also use automated devices that can reenergize lines without damage that were taken offline because of contact with trees or other objects, said Jay Apt, director of the Carnegie Mellon Electricity Industry Center in Pittsburgh. Olivia Ross, a spokeswoman for CenterPoint Energy, which serves the greater Houston area, said these devices helped the utility keep the lights on for more people in the aftermath of Harvey as some issues were resolved remotely. But such devices can only do so much. Harvey s outages were limited to 312,000 customers, of which CenterPoint was responsible for about 109,000, as it quickly lost force after landfall and turned into a tropical storm. By contrast, Ross noted, Hurricane Ike in 2008 caused 2.1 million of CenterPoint s customers to lose power when it hit the Texas coast near Houston. ",1
20601,'Ghost boats' drop Tunisian migrants onto sunny Italian tourist beaches,"ROME (Reuters) - The figures jumping from a small boat into the clear shallow waters and running ashore on an Italian beach look like troops practicing a D-Day-style landing, but this is no drill, and these are not soldiers. The images, caught on camera, show what has become a increasingly common sight on the beaches of Italy s southern islands - migrants from Africa landing in broad daylight.  In the past these boats came at night,  said Claudio Lombardo, the local head of the Mareamico (Friend of the Sea) environmental group who filmed the scene on a beach near Agrigento in Sicily on Wednesday morning.   When they came at night, all you saw was the abandoned boat on the beach the next day and the people were nowhere to be found, and that s why we called them ghost boats.  The change in tactic by people smugglers comes as the number of arrivals from Libya - long the busiest route for migrants from Africa trying to reach the European Union - have plummeted since departures from the coastal city of Sabratha were stopped by a shadowy armed group this summer.   As Libyan departures slumped, wooden boats from neighboring Tunisia have started landing on secluded Sicilian beaches, often in broad daylight while tourists are out sunbathing, an official leading the investigation into the arrivals told Reuters. Some 3,000 migrants, mostly men, have come from Tunisia in the past two months, with between 1,500-1,800 landing on the south coast of Sicily, and the rest on the smaller islands of Lampedusa or Linosa, said the local investigator, who spoke on condition of anonymity.  It is still fewer than the Libyan arrivals, which totaled well over 10,000 over the past two months, but such numbers have not been seen since Tunisia s  Arab Spring  revolution in 2010 and 2011, said Lombardo, whose priority is to protect beaches from damage caused by the abandoned boats and belongings. Those who reached the smaller islands have almost all been identified by police, while between 20 to 40 percent of those who made it to Sicily vanished without trace, the official said. Almost all are Tunisians, and some had already been expelled from Italy in the past, the investigator said. The Agrigento court is looking to see if smugglers pick them up upon arrival in Italy.  We re more concerned about the ones who try to flee because perhaps they could have problems with the law either in Tunisia or Italy,  he said. As for the 50-or-so filmed by Lombardo, they climbed up into the dry hills beyond the beach and headed inland, discarding T-shirts and shoes.  They have a kit with them, which is a bag with a change of clothes, and bottles of water and milk,  Lombardo said.  Within 30 minutes, they disappear. They re gone.  Police pick up many found walking along roads, the investigator said. On Thursday, one young Tunisian man was killed by a car in a hit-and-run near Agrigento. While some of the boats are big enough to make the more than 200-km (125-mile) crossing from Tunisia, some are very small, raising questions about how they got there.  We have not excluded the existence of mother ships,  the investigator said, referring to large fishing boats used in the past to ferry migrants close to the coast before putting them onto smaller boats for the last leg of the voyage.           ",1
20602,U.S. Navy moving aircraft carrier in anticipation of Irma relief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy said on Friday that it was moving the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln into position to provide humanitarian relief from Hurricane Irma if needed. The Navy said in a statement that the Abraham Lincoln, along with the amphibious assault ship Iwo Jima and transport dock ship New York, had been ordered to get underway on Friday and that a destroyer would join them.  These ships are capable of providing medical support, maritime civil affairs, maritime security, expeditionary logistic support, medium and heavy-lift air support,  the statement said. ",1
20603,Mexico temporarily suspends operations at key refinery after quake,MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said on Friday operations at the Salina Cruz refinery on Mexico s southern coast were temporarily suspended as a precautionary measure following a major earthquake nearby. ,1
20604,UK's Farage says PM May might not last until Christmas,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage said on Friday that British Prime Minister Theresa May might be out of a job by Christmas unless she manages to get her party behind her and take charge of Brexit negotiations. Speaking at an election campaign event for the right-wing Alternative for Germany (AfD) in Berlin, Farage said May needed to rapidly assert her authority over her Conservatives and also over the Brexit negotiations.  If she doesn t do those two things - doesn t get some sense of order back into her own party and direction back into where the negotiations are going then I think the whispering campaign will go from something that is being done in private to being done in public and she might not last til Christmas,  he said. At a citadel on the outskirts of Germany s capital, Farage said leading British ministers have been contradicting each other on a weekly basis so the government looked rudderless.  She has to stamp her authority on the party and do so pretty damn quickly,  said Farage, who while leader of the anti-EU UKIP Party played an important role in pressuring then-Prime Minister David Cameron to hold the Brexit referendum. ",1
20605,Britain's Farage talks Brexit at German right-wing election rally,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage received a standing ovation at a pre-election rally of the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) in Berlin on Friday, where he was presented as a model of what a right-wing eurosceptic politician can achieve. Far-right parties have suffered setbacks this year at elections in France and the Netherlands, but the AfD is set to enter Germany s national parliament for the first time in the Sept. 24 parliamentary vote. Farage, a leading voice in the victorious movement last year for Britain to leave the European Union, bemoaned the lack of discussion of Brexit in the German campaign.  (I m trying) to get a proper debate going in the biggest, richest and most important, powerful country in Europe about not just the shape of Brexit but perhaps even the shape of the European project to come,  Farage told reporters. He said Chancellor Angela Merkel and her Social Democrat (SPD) challenger Martin Schulz had refused to discuss Brexit as it was a  huge embarrassment for the European dream that both of them have had . Polls put the AfD, which wants to put an end to euro zone bailouts and call a referendum on Germany s EU membership, on up to 11 percent support. That could make it the largest opposition party if Merkel wins, as expected, and renews her  grand coalition  with the SPD. Beatrix von Storch, the AfD s 46-year-old deputy chairwoman, said her party took hope from Farage, who was a founding member of the eurosceptic UK Independence Party in 1993.  Nigel Farage showed the impossible is possible if you just believe in it and fight this fight - he did that for more than two decades and that makes him a role model for us,  she said. Farage said he thought Merkel would probably be better for Brexit as she was more likely to agree to a free trade deal between Britain and the EU, while Schulz, previously president of the European Parliament, was a  pro-EU fanatic . ",1
20606,"South Africa's Dlamini-Zuma, ANC leadership contender, to become MP","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African veteran politician and anti-apartheid activist Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, a leading contender to take over as head of the ruling ANC in December, will be sworn in as a member of parliament next week, a senior party official said on Friday. Dlamini-Zuma, the ex-wife of current ANC leader and South African President Jacob Zuma, does not hold a top position and could use a seat in parliament to raise her profile ahead of the party s December leadership conference.   She is going to be sworn in,  ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe was quoted as saying by the local EWN news network. The former health and foreign affairs minister s main opponent in the ANC leadership race is expected to be Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, a trade unionist-turned-business tycoon whom many investors would prefer to see running a country with serious economic challenges. Dlamini-Zuma is pushing for a more radical redistribution of wealth from whites to blacks, a policy that appeals to many poor people who resent the stark racial inequality that persists 23 years after the end of apartheid. The next head of the ANC will be the party s presidential candidate in 2019 general elections. ",1
20607,"Irma to stress-test Florida insurers, reinsurers: rating agencies","(Reuters) - Florida s insurance and reinsurance market is well equipped to handle hurricane losses, but Irma could strain the state s coverage market depending on the extent it makes landfall in Florida, according to rating agencies. Irma, the second major hurricane to approach the United States in two weeks, is expected to make landfall in south Florida on Sunday morning. Fitch said if the storm were to produce insured losses greater than $75 billion, some Florida insurers and reinsurers could experience  notable financial strain . Irma hit the Dominican Republic and Haiti on Friday, heading for Cuba and the Bahamas. The projected path and severity of Irma creates the potential for economic and insured losses to significantly exceed those experienced in Hurricane Andrew in 1992, Fitch said. Strong capitalization of the insurance and reinsurance sector will help mitigate the impact of Irma, S&P Global Ratings said. ",1
20608,U.S. says Myanmar should respond responsibly to attacks on security forces,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Myanmar should respond responsibly to attacks on security forces in the country s Rakhine State, respecting rule of law and human rights, a senior official of the U.S. State Department said on Friday. Patrick Murphy, deputy assistant secretary of state for East Asia, told reporters Washington saw shortcomings on the part of the security forces and the government in dealing with the situation in Rakhine and was pushing for urgent restoration of access for humanitarian assistance and journalists there. ",1
20609,Venezuela has problems fulfilling obligations on debt: Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov told reporters on Friday that Venezuela is having problems with fulfilling its obligations on its debt to Russia.  We have a request from our colleagues in Venezuela to do a restructuring,  Siluanov said. Venezuela owed Russia $2.84 billion as of September last year. ",1
20610,Russia hopes to agree on debt repayment with Venezuela by year-end,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian finance ministry wants to find a solution on how Venezuela will fulfill its debt obligations to Moscow by the end of this year, a senior ministry official said on Friday.     Konstantin Vyshkovsky, head of the state debt department at the finance ministry, told Reuters that Venezuela owed Russia more than $3 billion. Venezuela borrowed from Russia in late 2011 but failed to keep up with payments on the debt in 2016 as the South American state faced a full-blown economic and financial crisis.  For now we consider it to be a liquidity crisis but not a crisis of financial solvency,  Vyshkovsky said. Vyshkovsky said that the finance ministry hoped to agree on new conditions for how Caracas would honor the debt by the end of 2017.   What the conditions would be like and how quickly we would find a compromise remains to be seen. But our partners speak about a strong desire to reach an agreement quickly,  Vyshkovsky said. Vyshkovsky declined to say when he would expect Caracas to pay back its debt. Venezuela s unraveling socialist government is increasingly turning to ally Russia for the cash and credit it needs to survive, according to a Reuters special report published last month. ",1
20611,"Germany disputes size of Russian wargames, predicts 100,000 troops","TALLINN (Reuters) - Germany said on Thursday that Russia was planning to send more than 100,000 troops to war games on NATO s eastern flank this month, disputing Moscow s version that only 13,000 Russian and Belarussian servicemen would participate. The Sept. 14-20 exercises known as Zapad, or  West  in Belarus, the Baltic Sea, western Russia and the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad, are stirring unease in NATO despite Moscow s assurances troops would rehearse a purely defensive scenario.  It is undisputed that we are seeing a demonstration of capabilities and power of the Russians,  German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen told reporters at an EU defense ministers  meeting in Tallinn.   Anyone who doubts that only has to look at the high numbers of participating forces in the Zapad exercise: more than one hundred thousand,  she said in a joint news conference with her French counterpart Florence Parly. (For a graphic on Russia's Zapad war games click tmsnrt.rs/2xQtYwH)  While Baltic nations have voiced concerns about a bigger-than-reported exercise and while NATO s secretary-general expects more than 13,000 troops, Von der Leyen s remarks are the first time a top Western politician has called out Russia publicly on what NATO sees as the true size of the war games. Such numbers would be legal under international treaties on war games, but would require inviting international observers. With less than 13,000 troops, international observation of the drills is not mandatory, Russia says. In a sign of efforts to contain tensions, NATO general Petr Pavel held his first face-to face meeting in more than two years with Russia s top general, Valery Gerasimov, in Azerbaijan on Thursday, the alliance said.  NATO said in a statement the meeting showed  a clear mutual interest to maintain the military lines of communication.  An exercise on that scale is one of NATO s most pressing concerns. France, for one, believes the war games are no simple military drill, even though Russian Deputy Defence Minister Alexander Fomin told Western military attaches in Moscow in August the West had nothing to fear. Russia accuses NATO of building up forces on its frontiers in a manner reminiscent of the Cold War. But NATO says it is protecting the interests of member states bordering Russia who are troubled by Moscow s annexation of Ukraine s Crimea and links to pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine. Previous large-scale exercises in 2013 employed special forces training, longer-range missiles and unmanned aerial vehicles that were later used in the Crimea annexation and in actions in eastern Ukraine and Syria, NATO diplomats said.  Russia has a global strategy of a visible, deliberate demonstration of force,  Parly said before heading to meet French troops in Estonia as part of NATO s deployment of deterrent forces in the Baltics and Poland.  They have a strategy of intimidation,  Parly said, warning that any attack on a Baltic country or Poland by Russia would be considered an attack on all of the U.S.-led NATO alliance. ",1
20612,We'll lift Russia sanctions when east Ukraine is peaceful: Merkel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday that she wanted European Union sanctions against Russia lifted, but only once peaceful conditions had been achieved in eastern Ukraine. Speaking at an election campaign rally in the eastern town of Strasburg, Merkel said Russia s grave violations of international law made sanctions necessary.  I spend much of my time working to achieve reasonable, good relations with Russia,  Merkel said, adding that she was trying, along with France, to achieve  peaceful conditions  in eastern Ukraine, where Moscow-backed separatists are fighting a war against the Kiev government.  The moment we get that, we will also lift the sanctions,  she said, adding that Russia s annexation of the Crimean peninsula from Ukraine and its backing for separatists were  against the principles that we have had in place since World War Two . If Russia s actions were allowed to stand, there was a risk they would be repeated, Merkel said. ",1
20613,U.N. beefs up guards as it scales up presence in Libya,"ROME (Reuters) - The United Nations is preparing to deploy 150-250 mostly Nepalese guards to Libya to protect its base in the capital as part of a plan to return its operations to the country, U.N. officials said on Friday. Backed by Western governments, the U.N. is trying to heal a rift between Libya s rival factions in order to stabilize the country and to tackle militant violence and people-smuggling from Libya s northern coast.  The mission has been based in Tunis since 2014, when fighting among rival Libyan brigades forced out most foreign embassy staff, but it has gradually increased its presence in Libya and has been planning for months for a fuller return. The military unit would probably consist of around 150 guards, Jean-Pierre Lacroix, U.N. Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, told a news briefing in Geneva. Most will be Nepalese.  To make sure that we protect our colleagues as they deploy in Tripoli there will be a guard unit which will be basically U.N. military personnel coming from Nepal,  Lacroix said.  U.N. Libya envoy Ghassan Salame told Italian newspaper La Stampa that  a little under 250  could be deployed in the  coming weeks . Deploying the guards to the base in Tripoli  will mean that around the beginning of October we can carry out a significant part of our work in Libya,  said Salame, who has headed the mission since June. A spokesperson for the mission said there were no plans to send U.N. peacekeepers to Libya. Security in Tripoli and other parts of western Libya is fragile, and armed groups that are largely unaccountable hold power on the ground.  Most foreign embassies closed and pulled out their staff in 2014 when heavy fighting between rival factions destroyed the capital s airport. It was the worst fighting since the fall of long-time leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. Libya slipped into turmoil after the NATO-backed uprising that toppled Gaddafi. A U.N.-backed government set up in Tripoli last year has struggled to assert its authority and is opposed by factions that control eastern Libya.  In July, rival leaders pledged in Paris to work toward elections in 2018 and a conditional ceasefire. Salame said constitutional and electoral laws would have to be written to ensure any vote brought lasting change.  We need to be sure everyone accepts the final result,  he said.  Let s not forget that presidential elections would be the first ever.  Salame also expressed frustration at competing international initiatives in Libya, where regional and European powers have vied for influence.   I think the proliferation of initiatives, of mediations, does not help,  he said. French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said he hoped that after his country s efforts a revision of the 2015 U.N.-mediated deal that created the Tripoli government could be reached under Salame s auspices. Discussion has centered on reforming the government s leadership and power over military appointments.  It seems that efforts are converging,  Le Drian told reporters during a visit to Moscow.     ",1
20614,Zimbabwe to start compiling new voter register next week,"HARARE (Reuters) - President Robert Mugabe on Friday said Zimbabwe will begin compiling a new voter register next week ahead of the 2018 presidential and parliamentary elections, in which the 93-year-old is seeking to extend his 37-year hold on power. Mugabe said in an official government notice that the  Zimbabwe Electoral Commission would start registering voters on Sept. 14 and would end the process on Jan. 15. Opposition parties have been demanding a new roll for voters and have previously accused Mugabe s ruling ZANU-PF party of manipulating the existing register. ZANU-PF denies these accusations. Mugabe also told the central committee of his ZANU-PF on Friday that his party should galvanize supporters to register anew.  He said Western powers were behind the last month s reunification of the main opposition Movement for Democratic Change but added that the opposition would still be defeated by ZANU-PF in next year s votes.  We know of course they are creatures of the West whose sole purpose is to dislodge ZANU-PF from power. But really, they come together as a bundle then one blow against a bundle will set the bundle in pieces,  Mugabe said to applause from ZANU-PF members. ",1
20615,"Trump: Hurricane Irma has ""absolutely historic destructive potential""","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump warned of Hurricane Irma s destructive potential on Friday as the Category 4 storm headed toward Florida and urged residents in its path to heed government recommendations.  This is a storm of absolutely historic destructive potential. I ask everyone in the storm s path to be vigilant and to heed all recommendations from government officials and law enforcement,  Trump said in a videotaped statement. (This story corrects first paragraph to say Irma is now Category 4) ",1
20616,"Bangladesh wants 'safe zones' to ease Rohingya crisis, but seen unlikely","DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh has proposed creating  safe zones  run by aid groups for Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar s Rakhine state to stop hundreds of thousands of refugees crossing into its territory following a military crackdown. The plan, the latest in a string of ideas floated by Dhaka, is unlikely to get much traction in Myanmar, where many consider the Rohingya community of 1.1 million as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. That will leave Bangladesh, one of the poorest nations in the world, with little choice but to open new camps for refugees.   Dhaka sent the proposal to the Myanmar government through the International Committee of the Red Cross to secure three areas in Rakhine, home to the Rohingya community, suggesting that people displaced by the violence be relocated there under the supervision of an international organization, such as the United Nations.   The logic of the creation of such zones is that no Rohingya can come inside Bangladesh,  said Shahidul Haque, Bangladesh s foreign secretary, the top civil servant in the foreign ministry.  The Red Cross confirmed that it had passed on the request to Myanmar but said that it was a political decision for the two countries to make.   A Myanmar government spokesman did not respond to a request for comment.  Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh, a mostly Muslim nation of 160 million, from Buddhist-majority Myanmar in recent years.  The decades-old conflict in Rakhine flared most recently on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked several police posts and an army base. Since then, an estimated 270,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh, according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, joining more than 400,000 others already living there in cramped makeshift camps since the early 1990s. There are widespread fears that tens of thousands more could try to cross if the violence doesn t abate. Recent pictures from the border between the two countries show hundreds of Rohingya men, women and children trying to cross over into Bangladesh on foot and by boat. The humanitarian crisis next door has left Bangladesh scrambling to deal with people that it does not welcome either.  In recent days, Bangladesh officials have said they plan to go ahead with a controversial plan to develop an isolated, flood-prone island in the Bay of Bengal to temporarily house tens of thousands of refugees, drawing fresh criticism from the international community. It bowed to pressure on Thursday, with government officials saying that Dhaka would now make another 1,500 acres (607 hectares) of land available for camps to house refugees near Cox s Bazar, where many refugees already live as it is near the border with Myanmar.   They will be given temporary shelter,  said Kazi Abdur Rahman, additional deputy commissioner of Cox s Bazar. But Rahman added that the refugees would be fingerprinted and confined to the camp so that they did not mix with the local community.  These measures, however, do not offer a long-term solution to the crisis, and Dhaka says it is getting little support from its neighbor, which has been accused of trying to engineer  ethnic cleansing within its borders.  Bangladesh officials said they had proposed joint patrolling along the border but did not receive a response from Myanmar. Earlier this week, Bangladesh lodged a protest after it said Myanmar had laid landmines near the border between the two countries. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel Laureate, has come under pressure to halt violence against Rohingya.  She has said that her government was doing its best to protect everyone in Rakhine but did not refer specifically to the Rohingya exodus.  The solution lies in Myanmar. The UN hopes that Myanmar can address the root causes of the problem,  said Shinji Kubo, head of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Bangladesh.  Kubo said the Bangladesh government was doing its best by accepting the refugees instead of sending them back. Bangladesh officials are turning to the international community for help, claiming support from countries such as Turkey, which has promised aid.  On Friday, a Malaysian coast guard official said the country will not turn away Rohingya Muslims and is willing to provide them temporary shelter. But any such voyage would be hazardous for the next few months, because of the annual monsoon.  The world community must come forward to help them, not by putting pressure on Bangladesh but by putting pressure on Myanmar not to resort to these atrocities and violence,  said H.T. Imam, a senior aide to Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina.   The only solution is to force Myanmar to take back their citizens through international pressure. And we are working with our partners on that,  Imam said. Besides the creation of internationally-controlled safe zones in Rakhine state, Bangladesh has also mooted creating a buffer zone along the border, where the international community could set up camps and provide for the refugees, the officials said.  Further details of the plan could not be learned.    We will give aid agencies access. But we are not interested to give them shelter here. We are already overburdened,  said Mostafa Kamal Uddin, Bangladesh s home secretary. ",1
20617,U.N. rights chief says EU deal on Libya migrants falls short,"GENEVA (Reuters) - A European and African deal to stem the flow of migrants coming through Libya to Europe fails to tackle the abuses they face, the top U.N. human rights official wrote on Friday.  The 28-nation European Union has long struggled to reach a coherent answer to the influx of migrants fleeing war, poverty and political upheaval in the Middle East and Africa, and the crisis is testing cooperation between member states. On Aug. 28, the leaders of France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Chad, Niger and Libya agreed a plan to tackle illegal human trafficking and support nations struggling to contain the flow of people across the desert and Mediterranean sea.  U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein said it was significant that the agreement they struck in Paris recognized that a comprehensive response was needed.   But it is very thin on the protection of the human rights of migrants inside Libya and on the boats, and silent on the urgent need for alternatives to the arbitrary detention of vulnerable people,  he wrote in an article published by the United Nations. Zeid s office published a report last December on abuses faced by migrants in detention centres in Libya,  but memories are short when facts are inconvenient , he wrote. Since then the situation had worsened, with far too many allegations to verify and reports of bodies  in the desert, in the forest, on the beaches . Libya s morgues were overflowing, he said.  Apart from the families awaiting word from missing relatives, hardly anybody seemed to care, Zeid wrote.  The EU faces a moral and legal dilemma because it relies on cooperation with Libyan coastguards and plays down their abuses, which include shooting at aid workers trying to rescue migrants, Zeid said.  A coastguard that sometimes rescues migrants in distress   but sometimes chooses not to. Like the militias onshore, coastguards also sometimes beat, rob and even shoot the migrants they intercept,  he said. Zeid said he agreed with a letter to European leaders from Joanne Liu, the head of Medecins Sans Frontieres, a charity that has sent aid workers to rescue migrants.  The letter, entitled  European governments are feeding the business of suffering , asked:  Is allowing people to be pushed into rape, torture and slavery via criminal pay-offs a price European governments are willing to pay?   I fully support her analysis, and share her disgust at this situation,  Zeid wrote. ",1
20618,German lawmakers visit Turkish air base but dispute unresolved,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German politicians visited their country s troops at an air base in Turkey on Friday but some lawmakers said they would not extend the airmen s mission to take part in NATO air patrols unless an underlying dispute over visiting rights was resolved. Germany s armed forces are under parliamentary control and Berlin insists lawmakers must have access to them, but Turkey  has repeatedly prevented visits from taking place. Friday s visit was arranged by NATO, sidestepping Ankara s objections. Some of the lawmakers, who were flown to the Konya air base on a NATO plane from the alliance s Brussels headquarters, said Germany s parliament would only extend the troops  mandate if future visits were more straightforward. The current mandate expires at the end of this year.  The conflict over visiting rights must be dealt with before parliament votes again on the mandate,  said Green lawmaker Tobias Lindner, a member of the delegation.  Flying via Brussels cannot be a long-term solution.  Relations between Ankara and Berlin were already strained by Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan s crackdown on opponents after  a failed coup last year, and Turkey s refusal to let German members of parliament visit airmen based in the country has exacerbated tensions.  It must be possible for us to visit our soldiers serving abroad,  said Henning Otte, a lawmaker for Chancellor Angela Merkel s ruling conservative party.  Germany has a parliamentary army.  Seven German lawmakers visited the handful of German troops serving in a NATO air surveillance mission at Konya. The delegation was led by NATO s Deputy Secretary General Rose Gottemoeller. There are usually around 25 German soldiers based in Konya although only a handful were present at the base on Friday. Some more arrived with the lawmakers in the NATO plane. Turkey had objected particularly strenuously to the participation of a member of Germany s far-left Left party whom Ankara accuses of supporting terrorists. Repeated refusals by Ankara to let lawmakers visit German soldiers at Incirlik, another base in Turkey, prompted Berlin to relocate those troops to Jordan in July. Turkey and Germany are also at odds over Berlin s refusal to extradite asylum seekers Ankara accuses of involvement in last year s failed coup against Erdogan, while Berlin is demanding the release of an imprisoned Turkish-German journalist. The deterioration in relations has led German Chancellor Angela Merkel to say she will seek to end Turkey s membership talks with the European Union. ",1
20619,"Spain blocks Catalan independence vote, threatens charges","MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s central authorities moved on Thursday to crush plans by the northeastern region of Catalonia to hold an independence referendum and took steps to prosecute regional lawmakers backing the ballot. A long-running campaign for independence by a group of Catalan politicians, who hold a majority in the regional parliament, came to a head on Wednesday when they approved a law to allow a vote on secession from Spain scheduled for Oct. 1. The country s Constitutional Court, Spain s highest legal authority on such matters, suspended the referendum law late on Thursday to allow judges time to consider whether the vote breaches the country s constitution. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said earlier on Thursday he had appealed to the court to declare the referendum illegal. The constitution states Spain is indivisible.  This referendum will not go ahead,  he said. In a separate move on Thursday, Spain s state prosecutor s office said it would present criminal charges against leading members of the Catalan parliament for allowing Wednesday s parliamentary vote to go ahead. Catalan lawmakers have said they are prepared to go to jail over the issue. The state prosecutor-general, Jose Manuel Maza, told reporters he had also asked the security forces to investigate any preparations by the Catalan government to hold the referendum. This could involve printing leaflets or preparing polling stations. Teachers, police and administrative workers are among civil servants that could risk fines or potentially the loss of their jobs by manning polling stations or taking part in other activities deemed as helping the vote. Polls show the debate over independence in the region is close-run, with those preferring to stay united with Spain slightly outnumbering  independentistas . A majority of Catalans do want the right to hold a referendum, however. Barcelona residents on Thursday had mixed feelings about the possibility of a referendum.   It will never be legal if it s not agreed with the government,  said 53-year-old interior designer Laurent Legard.  This is not the right path.  Dolores, a 55-year-old receptionist who declined to give her surname, disagreed.  We are delighted - we ve been waiting for this moment for many years. It really is a democracy to allow people to give their opinion about how they want to live and how they want their country to be,  she said. Prime Minister Rajoy s recourse to the courts to block any independence referendum now and in a non-binding 2014 vote on a split from Spain has raised hackles in the industrial region.  Any heavy-handedness on behalf of his government to stop leaflet printing or confiscate ballot boxes could trigger social unrest.  Catalan s regional head, Carles Puigdemont, has said the results of the referendum will be binding no matter what the turn-out is. Analysts have said a low turn-out would harm the legitimacy of the result.   Catalonia will declare independence within 48 hours of a  yes  vote, the referendum law states.  ",1
20620,Syrian government denies U.N. chemical attack report,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government has denied a U.N. report accusing it of a sarin attack in April that killed scores of people, state media said on Friday. Damascus sent the United Nations a letter  asserting that Syria has not and will not use toxic gases against its people because it does not have them in the first place , state news agency SANA said. U.N. war crimes investigators said this week that Syrian forces have used chemical weapons more than two dozen times during the six-year conflict. The U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria said a government warplane dropped sarin on Khan Sheikhoun in insurgent-held Idlib province in April, killing more than 80 civilians. The attack prompted a U.S. missile strike on a Syrian government air base. A fact-finding mission of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) previously identified the attack as containing sarin, an odorless nerve agent. But that conclusion did not assign blame.  The Syrian government has said before that air strikes in the town of Khan Sheikhoun hit a weapons depot belonging to rebel factions. The U.N. investigators dismissed this. President Bashar al-Assad s government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons in the war and says it only targets militants. In 2013, hundreds of civilians died in a sarin gas attack in the suburbs of the capital Damascus, in an attack that Western states blamed on Assad s government. Damascus blamed rebels. In the wake of the atrocity, the United States and Russia brokered a deal under which Syria joined the international Chemical Weapons Convention. Syria declared it had 1,300 tonnes of chemical weapons or industrial chemical stocks, surrendering it to the international community for destruction. U.N.-OPCW investigators have said that the government continued to use chlorine, which is widely available and hard to trace. Chlorine is not a banned substance, but the use of any chemical is banned under the 1997 Chemical Weapons Convention. A series of U.N.-OPCW investigations found that various parties in the war have used chlorine, sulfur mustard gas and sarin. ",1
20621,"Norway's Merkel, Erna Solberg hopes to beat history in re-election bid","OSLO (Reuters) - Erna Solberg seeks to accomplish something no Conservative Norwegian prime minister has managed for more than three decades: winning a second term. If Norwegians are sufficiently happy with Solberg s last four years in power, they will re-elect her on Sept. 11; if not she will lose to Labour Party leader Jonas Gahr Stoere. Opinion polls show the race is too close to call. Solberg hopes to emulate a European center-right leader with an enviable track record of winning: Angela Merkel, herself seeking a fourth term as Germany s chancellor.  She is absolutely the most important politician in Europe,  Solberg said after taking office in 2013 as she prepared for her first foreign trip as prime minister, to Berlin. Portraying herself as a steady figure who steered western Europe s top oil and gas producer through a two-year slump in energy prices, Solberg has warned voters her defeat would mean a  red-green chaos  of socialists and environmentalists bent on raising taxes. Once known as  Iron Erna  for her tough stance on immigration, Solberg softened her image and broadened her appeal with a 2011 book emphasizing people s needs over the Conservative Party s traditional focus on fiscal prudence. Conservatives hope to capitalize on an easy-going personality that has made Solberg popular beyond her party, as seen in a Sept. 6 poll where 46.3 percent believed her best suited to be prime minister, against Stoere s 39.1 percent. (For a graphic on Norway's parliamentary elections click tmsnrt.rs/2ugJCjo)  There is an enormous focus on her as a person, which has given the party a real boost during the election campaign,  said Associate Professor Tore Bang at BI Norwegian Business School, an expert in public relations and political communication.  The hype around her is atypical for a leader of the Conservative Party. She is seen as a much more folksy politician and has a much broader appeal than Gahr Stoere.  Born on Feb. 24, 1961, in her late teens Solberg was diagnosed with dyslexia. Graduating in political science she was elected to parliament aged 28, becoming deputy party leader in 2002 before taking the top job in 2004. She is Norway s second female prime minister after Labour s Gro Harlem Brundtland, who led three governments in the 80s and early 90s and became known as  the mother of the nation .  As prime minister, Solberg has really strengthened her position as an uncontested party leader. She personifies the party brand and the association between her and the party is comparable to what Gro Harlem Brundtland had in the Labour Party,  said Bang of the BI Norwegian Business School. While the opposition was long favored to win, opinion polls show Solberg and her allies have closed the gap in recent months, taking advantage of an economic rebound.  It s quite apparent that the Conservative Party has looked to Germany and found inspiration in the position Merkel has taken there,  said Johannes Bergh, head researcher of the University of Oslo s National Election Studies program.  It s a comparison that the party really likes. Merkel is very good at winning elections and offers a lot of the same things as Solberg.  The economic upturn, and concerns it could falter, will play well for the prime minister, Bergh said.  The backdrop of this election is that the Norwegian economy is doing well again. There is no real sense of crisis anymore but people are still weary, so offering a stable and predictable Merkel-like leadership is a strategy that seems to have worked well.   If she wins, she plans to continue a policy of cutting taxes on companies and individuals, but her room for maneuver will be tighter as Norway s near-trillion dollar sovereign wealth fund is not expected to grow as the same pace as before. In Norway s fragmented parliament however, where nine parties are expected to win seats, re-election will not guarantee a Solberg government survives another four years. Kaare Willoch, the last Conservative prime minister to win back-to-back elections, in 1981 and 1985, was booted out of office just months into his second term in a disagreement over petrol taxes. In fact, if she were to serve two full terms, Solberg would easily become the longest-serving Conservative prime minister since the introduction of the parliamentary system in the late 19th century. ",1
20622,Kenyan opposition chief to focus on corruption in election re-run,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga says he will make the mismanagement of last month s annulled presidential vote the focus of his new election campaign, linking it to a series of political scandals.  The Supreme Court last week nullified the Aug. 8 election, ruling that incumbent president Uhuru Kenyatta s win by 1.4 million votes was invalid due to flaws in the tallying process.   Right now, we are basically dealing with the rigging of elections, which is basically an extension of corruption,  Odinga told Reuters in an interview on Thursday, repeating his allegation, rejected by the court, that Kenyatta had deliberately manipulated the vote.  Odinga has threatened to boycott the re-run unless a series of demands are met.  The court ruling sent shockwaves through Kenya, East Africa s richest country per capita and a relatively stable ally of the West in a region beset by conflict.  Although it caused political uncertainty, many hope it will eventually reduce the chance of political violence by rebuilding trust in Kenya s battered public institutions.  The election commission set the re-run for Oct. 17, but Odinga reiterated his stance that he would not take part unless some electoral officials were fired and the opposition were given access to voting data that they say will prove their allegation of deliberate rigging. The board has said different staff will be in charge of the re-run, but has not opened up the election records for scrutiny or announced any disciplinary measures.   This election shows that Jubilee (the ruling party) have taken corruption to the stratosphere in our country ... it is very regrettable, it is actually shameful that a government can preside over this fraud.  The judges said Kenyatta was not at fault and the blame lay with the election commission, which had not followed procedures designed to allow a transparent vote. A more detailed ruling is expected this month. Jubilee has also denied manipulating the vote. But Odinga s words may resonate with Kenyans tired of the corruption scandals that have dominated front pages in recent years, including allegations that tens of millions of dollars went missing from the Health Ministry and National Youth Service.  The auditor-general regularly issues scathing reports about missing funds, but action is rarely taken. No top official has been successfully prosecuted.  Odinga, who presents himself as a champion of the poor, built his previous campaign on criticism of high inflation and shortages of the staple maize flour after a regional drought.  He has criticized government borrowing, and promised to lower the deficit by improving revenue collection and slashing graft. He said he would preserve the large infrastructure projects that were the centerpiece of Kenyatta s re-election campaign.  Odinga also plans to substantially reshape Kenya s policy towards its neighbors if he wins, setting a timeline to withdraw Kenyan troops from Somalia and calling for the release of South Sudanese rebel leader Riek Machar, currently under house arrest in South Africa, to participate in peace talks.  ",1
20623,"Dutch government: 2 dead, 43 wounded on Saint Martin","AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The Dutch government on Friday raised its estimate of casualties caused on the Dutch part of the island of Saint Martin by Hurricane Irma to two dead, one of natural causes, and 43 wounded. Of those wounded, 11 are in critical condition, Interior Minister Ronald Plasterk said at a press conference. The island suffered widespread damage in the hurricane, including severe damage to homes, stores, ports, airports, gas stations and power stations.  Two hundred Dutch soldiers are assisting on the island from two nearby ships as it struggles to restore its airport and main harbor in order so that it can receive more aid. ",1
20624,Hurricane Irma threatens power losses for millions in Florida,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma poses a bigger menace to power supplies in Florida than Hurricane Harvey did in Texas because Irma is packing near 200 mile-per-hour winds (320 km/h) that could down power lines, close nuclear plants and threats to leave millions of homes and businesses in the dark for weeks. Irma s winds rival the strongest for any hurricane in history in the Atlantic, whereas Harvey s damage came from record rainfall. Even as Houston flooded, the power stayed on for most, allowing citizens to use TV and radio to stay apprised of danger, or social media to call for help.  When Harvey made landfall in Texas it made it fully inland and weakened pretty quickly. Irma, however, could retain much of its strength,  said Jason Setree, a meteorologist at Commodity Weather Group. Irma has killed several people and devastated islands in the Caribbean.  Current forecasts put almost the entirety of the Florida peninsula in the path of the storm, which made landfall in the Caribbean with wind speeds of 185 mph (295 km/h). The threat of the Category 5 storm, at the top of the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale, is grave enough that electricity generator Florida Power & Light (FPL) plans to shut its two nuclear power plants in the state, and officials warned that it may have to rebuild parts of its power system, which could take weeks.  Most Florida residents have not experienced a major storm since 2005, when total outages peaked around 3.6 million during Hurricane Wilma. Some of those outages lasted for weeks. Setree compared the projected path of Irma to Hurricane Matthew in 2016, which knocked out power to about 1.2 million FPL customers in October. FPL, a unit of Florida energy company NextEra Energy Inc, restored service to most customers affected by Matthew in just two days. But FPL spokesman Chris McGrath said:  With a storm as powerful as Irma, we want customers to prepare for damage to our infrastructure and potentially prolonged power outages.  He said it was too soon to speculate on the number and location of customers Irma could affect.  In a statement this week, FPL estimated about half of its near five million customers - particularly in the trio of populous southeast counties Miami-Dade, Palm Beach and Broward - had not experienced a major hurricane since 2005.  Should Irma s worst fears be realized, our crews will likely have to completely rebuild parts of our electric system. Restoring power through repairs is measured in days; rebuilding our electric system could be measured in weeks,  FPL Chief Executive Eric Silagy said. FPL, Florida s biggest power provider, said it had invested nearly $3 billion since 2006 to strengthen its grid, including placing 60 main power lines underground and installing nearly five million smart meters and other devices. Other publicly traded utilities in the Sunshine State, including units of Duke Energy Corp, Southern Co and Emera Inc, said in statements that they had also invested in intelligent, self-healing devices. Smart meters allow utilities to see outages as they occur, rather than waiting on customer calls, and utilities also use automated devices that can reenergize lines without damage that were taken offline because of contact with trees or other objects, said Jay Apt, director of the Carnegie Mellon Electricity Industry Center in Pittsburgh. Olivia Ross, a spokeswoman for CenterPoint Energy, which serves the greater Houston area, said these devices helped the utility keep the lights on for more people in the aftermath of Harvey as some issues were resolved remotely. But such devices can only do so much. Harvey s outages were limited to 312,000 customers, of which CenterPoint was responsible for about 109,000, as it quickly lost force after landfall and turned into a tropical storm. By contrast, Ross noted, Hurricane Ike in 2008 caused 2.1 million of CenterPoint s customers to lose power when it hit the Texas coast near Houston. ",1
20625,Hurricane Irma will 'devastate' part of U.S.: emergency services head,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Anticipating that Hurricane Irma will  devastate  part of the United States, U.S. officials were preparing a massive response to the storm, the head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) said on Friday. With Irma set to hit Florida as early as Saturday night, parts of Florida was expected to lose electricity for days, if not longer, and more than 100,000 people may need shelter, FEMA Administrator Brock Long warned at a news conference.  Hurricane Irma continues to be a threat that is going to devastate the United States in either Florida or some of the southeastern states,  Long said. Irma was a Category 5 hurricane, the most dangerous measure by the National Hurricane Center, before being downgraded to Category 4 early Friday after pummeling islands in the Caribbean. The United States has experienced only three Category 5 storms since 1851 and Irma is far larger than the last one to hit the United States in 1992, Hurricane Andrew, according to Long. He warned people not to ignore evacuation orders.  They need to get out and listen and heed the warnings,  Long said. Officials have thousands of personnel ready to respond and millions of meals and liters of water in place nearby, Long said. The National Weather Service said that Friday was the last day to evacuate before winds would start to reach unsafe speeds in Florida. Airlines added extra flights from Florida on Thursday before announcing plans to halt service from some southern Florida airports starting Friday afternoon. U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price called Irma a  remarkably dangerous storm and the window to get yourself in the right spot ... is closing rapidly.  Price said the main hospital in St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands was closed after being damaged by Irma, and critically ill patients were being evacuated to Puerto Rico or other islands. On Friday, the U.S. House of Representatives voted 316-90 to approve a measure to more than double funding to $15.25 billion for FEMA and local block grants to handle natural disasters after the Senate passed the measure Thursday, 80-17. FEMA s disaster assistance fund could have run out of money Friday without action. President Donald Trump is expected to sign the measure Friday. The measure also extends the life of the National Flood Insurance Program through Dec. 5. It had been set to expire Sept. 30. ",1
20626,Competing efforts to end South Sudan's war prolong conflict: U.N. panel,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Competing efforts to end South Sudan s civil war allow the government to exploit divisions among international brokers and are unlikely to halt the fighting, a confidential U.N. report said.  South Sudan became the world s newest nation when it gained independence from Sudan in 2011. War broke out in late 2013 and has forced more than a quarter of its 12 million population have fled their homes.   The hostilities in South Sudan continue against a complex backdrop of competing regional and bilateral initiatives to resolve the conflict,  U.N. sanctions monitors said in a report to the Security Council seen by Reuters on Friday.   These efforts suffer from several defects, including inadequate oversight, lack of enforcement and the absence of an integrated, coherent plan for peace.   Among the international bodies involved in trying to bring the warring parties to the table are regional bloc IGAD, the U.N. Security Council, a troika of South Sudan s main Western backers prior to independence, and an African Union panel.  The efforts of these groups are affected by  conflicting interests compounded by underlying rivalries in the region , the panel wrote, in what could refer to the role of leaders such as Uganda s Yoweri Museveni, who deployed troops in 2013 to support the Juba government and opposes an arms embargo.  The government of South Sudan has sought to exploit this division  among the competing efforts, the panel said.  Absent a significant shift toward a more coherent and unified approach  from East African nations, coupled with  broader international support for a single and inclusive political process, current efforts are unlikely to ... halt the violence in South Sudan,  it said. Information Minister Michael Makuei Lueth told reporters in Juba:  There is nothing new in this report.  The leaked report is by a panel mandated to document arms flows and security threats. The proliferation of diplomatic efforts has created an opportunity for parties to  forum shop , the panel wrote, saying this bought the armed groups time to organize military operations and avoid attempts to enforce a settlement.      It noted the military was still able to procure weapons while opposition forces  access to arms  remains limited .  The main opposition figure, Riek Machar, is under house arrest in South Africa and has declined to renounce violence. Kiir continues to buy weapons and government forces continue to attack civilians, the report said.   East African leaders said in June they want the warring sides to recommit to the deal they abandoned more than a year ago. In July, Western donors said the process was no longer viable and froze support for it.  There has been no comment in recent months from IGAD or the African Union about a timeline for resumption of peace talks.  This week the United States imposed sanctions on two senior South Sudanese officials and the former army chief. The Security Council last December vetoed the imposition of an arms embargo recommended by the monitors.  ",1
20627,Trump visit to Britain still unfixed nine months after PM May's invitation: sources,"LONDON (Reuters) - Nine months after Prime Minister Theresa May invited President Donald Trump for a formal state visit to Britain, no arrangements have yet been made and there is no sign of the visit taking place soon, U.S. and British officials said. Discussions between Washington and London about a Trump visit have continued, said one official who asked not to be named, but so far the White House has not signaled when and how the president wants to proceed. May s invitation to Trump during a visit to Washington a few days after he took office sparked controversy in Britain. Just hours after she left the White House, Trump announced his widely-criticized ban on travel from Muslim-majority countries. Such is the controversy that some officials on both sides of the Atlantic are privately having second thoughts about the visit, worried about street demonstrations that might greet Trump in London and other British cities.  There have been signs of relief in some quarters that he has yet to appear on Her Majesty s schedule,  said a British official who spoke on condition of anonymity. Given Trump s penchant for showmanship and his pre-presidential visits to the two golf courses he owns in Scotland, many Trump-watchers expected Britain to be one of the first stops on any presidential European tour. White House representatives told British officials at the time of the invite that Trump had accepted. But a senior U.S. government official told Reuters in July that Trump had no plans to visit Britain in the near future. A full-scale state visit to Britain involves considerable pomp. Upon arriving in London, the president would be greeted by Queen Elizabeth and other members of the Royal Family at a ceremony near the Houses of Parliament.  Some British opponents of Trump including former Labour Party leader Ed Miliband have promised to organize protests should he visit.  We remain in the same position with the Trump visit   The queen extended an invitation to President Trump to visit the UK, it was accepted, and there is no change to those plans. But a date has not been set,  a spokesman for the British Embassy in Washington said.  We re looking forward to welcoming President Trump to the UK,  the spokesman added. U.S. officials, including Trump aides and spokespeople and representatives of the U.S. Embassy in London, did not respond to detailed emails requesting comment. ",1
20628,Turkish minister says EU turning negotiations into 'children's game',"TALLINN (Reuters) - Turkey said on Friday the European Union was making a  child s game  out of its membership talks, wrangling over threats to end them, and reminded the bloc of its strategic importance abutting Middle Eastern conflict zones. After trading bitter barbs for months with President Tayyip Erdogan, largely over Turkey s human rights record, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Sunday it was clear Turkey should not join the EU and accession talks should end. Most other EU states reacted cautiously to her comments and said any real discussion would be possible only after German elections on Sept. 24. But some, like Austria, backed Merkel and some officials have suggested suspension of talks.  This is not a children s game at all,  Turkish EU Minister Omer Celik said after meeting EU foreign ministers in Estonia s capital Tallinn.   You cannot talk about suspending or halting the accession negotiations and then restarting it in six months, and that Turkey is a great strategic and important country.  The bloc has been shocked by the scale of Erdogan s purges and the intensity of his crackdown on dissenters - including academics and journalists - after a failed coup last year.  Many EU ministers in Tallinn stressed that Turkey, a NATO ally of 80 million people, was indispensable for security cooperation and keeping a lid on immigration to the bloc from the tumultuous Middle East. French President Emmanuel Macron said separately that Turkey remained a vital partner for the EU. Celik reiterated his call to open more areas of negotiations with the EU.   This approach of  I froze talks, now I restarted them  is not acceptable for us,  he said. The talks started in 2005, viewed by many in Turkey and abroad as a stimulus in themselves to Turkish democratic reform. But they have stalled over opposition from EU states including Cyprus and France, Erdogan s track record on human rights and other issues.  While Austria and Luxembourg were among those who backed Merkel s tougher line on Turkey, Hungary, Lithuania and Britain - which will be leaving the EU - held the opposite view.  All European countries, including the UK, have concerns, serious concerns about human rights in Turkey, about arrests... (and) the treatment of journalists,  British foreign minister Boris Johnson told reporters.  But it s always been my view that we shouldn t push Turkey away. Turkey is a great country and a strategically important country for all of us.   EU states would have to be unanimous to kill off Turkey s bid, but suspension requires only majority backing. EU leaders are expected to discuss the matter in Brussels in October.  ",1
20629,'Lips and teeth' no more as China's ties with North Korea fray,"BEIJING (Reuters) - When Kim Jong Un inherited power in North Korea in late 2011, then-Chinese president Hu Jintao was outwardly supportive of the untested young leader, predicting that  traditional friendly cooperation  between the countries would strengthen. Two years later, Kim ordered the execution of his uncle Jang Song Thaek, the country s chief interlocutor with China and a relatively reform-minded official in the hermetic state. Since then, ties between the allies have deteriorated so sharply that some diplomats and experts fear Beijing may become, like Washington, a target of its neighbor s ire.  While the United States and its allies - and many people in China - believe Beijing should do more to rein in Pyongyang, the acceleration of North Korea s nuclear and missile capabilities has coincided with a near-total breakdown of high-level diplomacy between the two. Before retiring this summer, China s long-time point man on North Korea, Wu Dawei, had not visited the country for over a year. His replacement, Kong Xuanyou, has yet to visit and is still carrying out duties from his previous Asian role, traveling to Pakistan in mid-August, diplomats say. The notion that mighty China wields diplomatic control over impoverished North Korea is mistaken, said Jin Canrong, an international relations professor at Beijing s Renmin University.  There has never existed a subordinate relationship between the two sides. Never. Especially after the end of the Cold War, the North Koreans fell into a difficult situation and could not get enough help from China, so they determined to help themselves.  A famine in the mid-1990s that claimed anywhere from 200,000 to three million North Koreans was a turning point for the economy, forcing private trade on the collectivized state. That allowed the North a degree of independence from outside aid and gave credence to the official  Juche  ideology of self-reliance.  China fought alongside North Korea during the 1950-53 Korean War, in which Chinese leader Mao Zedong lost his eldest son, and Beijing has long been Pyongyang s chief ally and primary trade partner. While their relationship has always been clouded by suspicion and mistrust, China grudgingly tolerated North Korea s provocations as preferable to the alternatives: chaotic collapse that spills across their border, and a Korean peninsula under the domain of a U.S.-backed Seoul government. That is also the reason China is reluctant to exert its considerable economic clout, worried that measures as drastic as the energy embargo proposed this week by Washington could lead to the North s collapse. Instead, China repeatedly calls for calm, restraint and a negotiated solution. The North Korean government does not provide foreign media with a contact point in Pyongyang for comment by email, fax or phone. The North Korean embassy in Beijing was not immediately available for comment. China s foreign ministry did not respond to a faxed request for comment. It has repeatedly spoken out against what it calls the  China responsibility theory  and insists the direct parties - North Korea, South Korea and the United States - hold the key to resolving tensions.  Until his death in 2011, North Korean leader Kim Jong Il made numerous entreaties to ensure China would back his preferred son as successor.  While then-President Hu reciprocated, the younger Kim, in his late 20s at the time, began to distance himself from his country s most powerful ally.  There s a lot of domestic politics in North Korea where this young leader who isn t well-known, he s not proven yet, especially has to show that he s not in the pocket of Beijing,  said John Delury of Seoul s Yonsei University.  I think he made the decision first to keep Hu Jintao and then (current President) Xi Jinping really at bay.  Within months of coming to power, Kim telegraphed North Korea s intentions by amending its constitution to proclaim itself a nuclear state. The execution of Jang in 2013 sealed Beijing s distrust of the young leader.  Of course the Chinese were not happy,  said a foreign diplomat in Beijing focused on North Korea.  Executing your uncle, that s from the feudal ages.  In an attempt to warm ties, Xi sent high-ranking Communist Party official Liu Yunshan to attend the North s October 2015 military parade marking the 70th anniversary of the founding of the Workers  Party of Korea. Liu hand-delivered a letter from Xi praising Kim s leadership and including congratulations not just from the Chinese Communist Party but Xi s personal  cordial wishes  in a powerful show of respect. Xi s overture has been repaid with increasingly brazen actions by Pyongyang, which many observers believe are timed for maximum embarrassment to Beijing. Sunday s nuclear test, for example, took place as China hosted a BRICS summit, while in May, the North launched a long-range missile just hours before the Belt and Road Forum, dedicated to Xi s signature foreign policy initiative. Mao Zedong s description of North Korea s relationship with China is typically mischaracterised as being as close as  lips and teeth . His words are better translated as:  If the lips are gone, the teeth will be cold,  a reference to the strategic importance of the North as a geographical security buffer. Despite its resentment at the pressure North Korea s actions have put it under, Beijing refrains from taking too hard a line. It said little when Kim Jong Un s half-brother was assassinated in February at Kuala Lumpur s airport. The half-brother, Kim Jong Nam, had been seen as a potential rival for power in Pyongyang and had lived for years in Beijing, then Macau. An editorial in China s influential Global Times warned after Pyongyang s latest nuclear test that cutting off North Korea s oil would redirect the conflict to one between North Korea and China. Zhao Tong, a North Korea expert at the Carnegie-Tsinghua Center in Beijing, said North Korea was deeply unhappy with China s backing of earlier UN sanctions.  If China supports more radical economic sanctions that directly threaten the stability of the regime, then it is possible that North Korea becomes as hostile to China as to the United States.  (This story has been refiled to remove reference to uncle in paragraph 18) ",1
20630,"Trump speaks to Qatar emir on Gulf unity, terrorism fight: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump stressed to the emir of Qatar the importance of unity in fighting terrorism, the White House said on Friday, a day after the U.S. president offered to mediate the Gulf country s dispute with its Arab neighbors. In a telephone call Thursday with the emir, Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani,  The President underscored the importance of all countries following through on commitments from the Riyadh Summit to maintain unity while defeating terrorism, cutting off funding for terrorist groups, and combating extremist ideology,  the White House said. They also discussed the continued threat Iran poses to regional stability, it said. ",1
20631,Central African Republic risks return to major conflict: U.N. report,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Deadly ethnic fighting in Central African Republic could descend into a much larger-scale conflict if nothing is done to disarm combatants and defuse tensions, a U.N. report said on Friday. With a fifth of the population displaced since the mainly Muslim Seleka rebels ousted the president in 2013, provoking a backlash from Christian anti-balaka militias, U.N. peacekeepers are struggling to contain simmering violence. The U.N. human rights working group on mercenaries and foreign fighters said it  strongly senses that the possibility of another armed conflict is likely, if foreign armed actors, along with local armed groups, are not effectively dismantled and suppressed.  National security forces are too weak to tackle armed groups and counter the spillover from conflicts in neighboring countries, and U.N. military personnel, who number just over 10,000, have failed to convince locals that they can protect them, the report said. Ugandan and U.S. forces pulled out earlier this year,  declaring  success  against the Lord s Resistance Army, a regional militia notorious for two decades of abducting children to use as fighters and sex slaves. On Thursday, Amnesty International issued its own report detailing what it said was the systematic rape and murder of civilians in ethnic fighting.       If the U.N. s mandate in the Central African Republic is to mean anything, civilians must be better protected,  the rights group s Joanne Mariner said. U.N. peacekeeping chief Jean-Pierre Lacroix said the U.N. mission in Central African Republic (MINUSCA) had to make changes and was  slightly  short of the necessary personnel.  We have currently a troop ceiling which we think is slightly under what we would need,  he said on Friday. MINUSCA s mandate authorizes it to have 10,750 military personnel, a recent U.N. report said there were 10,098 on the ground.      We are seeing a surge in ... very negative and antagonistic messages to the effect that  foreigners  should be eliminated, putting one ethnic or religious component of this country against the other,  Lacroix told reporters in Geneva.  The working group report said the word  foreigners  was constantly used to label Muslims. ",1
20632,Lebanese army to deploy along entire eastern border: army chief,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s army will deploy along the country s entire eastern border with Syria and remain stationed there after recently recapturing areas from Islamic State militants, army chief General Joseph Aoun said on Friday. The remarks appeared to confirm comments by the Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah that it was handing over points it had controlled along the border to the military.  The army will deploy from now onwards along the extent of the eastern borders, to defend them,  Aoun said at a ceremony commemorating Lebanese soldiers killed by Islamic State. An army offensive last month ended with the militants withdrawing from their last foothold along the border under a ceasefire deal. The Syrian army and Hezbollah fought the jihadists separately on the Syrian side. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said in July it would be ready to hand over territory it captured if the Lebanese army requested it. Hezbollah led a campaign in the same area that month to oust the Nusra Front jihadist group from their last foothold along the border. Security sources said Hezbollah had begun handing over points it controlled. Iran-backed Hezbollah has played a critical role in vanquishing Sunni Muslim jihadists in the border region during the six-year-long Syrian war, part of its military support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. The group, an ally of Lebanese President Michel Aoun, was key to the defeat of militants in the Qalamoun area further south in 2015, and at the Syrian town of Qusair, in 2013. Lebanon s southern border with Israel, a Hezbollah foe, is patrolled by the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon. ",1
20633,Dublin rejects British proposal for post-Brexit Irish border,"TALLINN (Reuters) - Ireland dismissed British proposals for the Irish border after Brexit as unconvincing on Friday, a day after the EU chief negotiator said they amounted to a demand the bloc suspend its laws for Britain. But British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, speaking at a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Tallinn, said a solution was  not beyond the wit of man . The border between the Irish Republic and the British province of Northern Ireland is currently open to free flow of goods, being an internal EU frontier. But when Britain leaves the bloc, it will become subject to EU customs regulation.  Establishment of a physical border could revive security concerns, 20 years after a peace deal involving Dublin that ended a long civil conflict in Northern Ireland and led to the end of army and police checkpoints.     Britain has proposed an  invisible border  without border posts or immigration checks between the two after Brexit, but given no firm proposals how the customs frontier between Northern Ireland and the Republic would be monitored. EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Thursday British proposals would undermine the bloc s single market. He said Britain in effect wanted the EU to  suspend the application of its laws  as a test case for broader EU-British customs regulations.  This will not happen.  Ireland s Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told Reuters on Friday:  The maintenance of an invisible border on the island of Ireland would be a lot easier if Britain were to remain in the customs union.  That is something Prime Minister Theresa May has said would not happen, though her cabinet is split on the issue and some have floated the idea of a transition period after Brexit that would still leave Britain in the EU customs union.  Britain is the one leaving, they have an obligation to try and design unique solutions.... We cannot have a physical border on the island of Ireland again that creates barriers between communities,  Coveney said.  We cannot and will not support that and nor will the European Union,  he said, adding that Britons wanted to avoid a hard border too.  The problem is that the solutions to actually get us there so far haven t been convincing.  Negotiations to extricate Britain from the EU have seen a slow start and Brussels has repeatedly warned that time is running out to answer complex questions before Britain is due to leave in March, 2019. The bloc, which will have 27 member states after Brexit, wants to solve key exit issues before opening talks about any future trade cooperation with Britain. London says divorce talks should run in parallel with discussions about future ties.  But, with slow progress on agreeing Britain s divorce bill, ensuring expatriates  rights and deciding on the Irish border, the EU now doubts it will give a green light in October for starting talks about the post-Brexit order, as had been planned.  The EU worries London may try to use the Irish border as a template for a broader trade pact with the EU after Brexit. It believes Britain s proposals risk affecting the bloc s single market and customs union. The European Parliament s chief Brexit speaker, Guy Verhofstadt, dismissed Britain s plans for an  invisible border  as surreal.  We are nowhere on border issues,  one senior EU official said. But, asked if he was confident that Britain would get a deal with the EU, Johnson said in Tallinn:  Absolutely, with rock solid confidence.  He reiterated London s stance that the divorce talks should run together with discussion about the post-Brexit relationship.   Article 50 makes it very clear that the discussion about the exit of a country must be taken in context with discussion of the future arrangements. And that s what we re going to do,  he said. ",1
20634,Scotland's SNP must come up with 'doable' independence plan after Brexit: Salmond,"GLASGOW, Scotland (Reuters) - Scotland s former first minister believes the independence movement has a three-year window after Britain quits the European Union to push again for seccession, despite the Scottish National Party s losses in an election in June. Salmond, who is still very influential in the movement, said the independence drive could be refreshed by proposing to join the European Free Trade Association, which would give Scotland European single market membership.  The SNP lost a third of its seats in the national election, including Salmond s own seat, in a sign of waning enthusiasm for another Scottish independence referendum after the uncertainties thrown up by Brexit. Despite that, support for independence itself has remained at the 45 percent level it was when it was voted down in 2014 and the SNP still holds 35 of Scotland s 59 seats in the Westminster parliament.  Salmond said Brexit was proving to be disastrous for Britain and would only end in  humiliation . Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to keep EU membership while Wales and most-populous England voted to leave at last year s referendum, straining the ties of the four-nation United Kingdom.   So the SNP were and are right about Brexit, but as we found out to our cost in the election just being right does not necessarily make for popularity. Nor does it absolve us of a responsibility to attempt to create order out of chaos,  he told a Business for Scotland annual dinner.   We have 18 months of Brexit negotiations and after that perhaps a three-year period of transition to get our ducks in a row. Salmond said, in a speech peppered with jibes at the government s Brexit talks, which have faltered in recent weeks. He said that EFTA membership could be a prelude to full EU membership if necessary.   We have to offer something which is doable, feasible and speedily deliverable for the European connections of an independent Scotland,  he said, ",1
20635,Kenya election campaigns turn personal after court orders fresh polls,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The president calls the chief justice a cheat. A lawmaker denounces the head of the opposition as the devil and says he needs a whipping. The opposition leader accuses the president of making a public speech while drunk.  The gloves are off as Kenya s ruling party and the opposition battle for votes ahead of new elections, tentatively scheduled for Oct. 17 by the Supreme Court after it voided last month s presidential results. Last Friday s historic decision, the first of its kind in Africa, was welcomed by many as a rare sign of independence from Kenya s judiciary. It means voters will again have to choose between President Uhuru Kenyatta, 55, and veteran opposition leader Raila Odinga, 72.  But others feared that after a relatively peaceful election campaign, it could open the door to political instability, reviving memories of the violence that followed a disputed 2007 election when more than 1,200 people died. Despite being prone to occasional unrest, Kenya is viewed by the United States and other allies as an anchor of stability in the region. East Africa s richest country per capita and main trade route between the coast and the interior, it has avoided the civil wars that for decades plagued neighbors such as Somalia, South Sudan and Uganda.  After the verdict by the Supreme Court ... I m worried about the upsurge of hate discussion amongst Kenyans,  said Francis Ole Kaparo, the chair of the National Cohesion and Integration Commission, the government body in charge of preventing hate speech.  As of yesterday morning we were investigating 273 cases of hate-mongering in the social media. I believe the number has probably doubled as we are sitting here,  he told a press conference. They had less than a third of that number for the whole ten-week campaign period leading up to Aug. 8 elections, he said. Lawmakers from both sides are under investigation. Opposition lawmaker Paul Ongili Owino, whose Twitter account suspended, is among them. Kaparo did not respond to a message seeking more details.  So is ruling party lawmaker Moses Kuria, who gave a fiery speech on Tuesday denouncing Odinga. Kuria is already facing hate speech charges brought by the commission more than a year ago.  Raila is a demon. He needs to be whipped by a man and whipped by a woman. Support us, including all parliamentarians, so we can hold him,  Kuria told cheering crowd in a speech in the Kikuyu language peppered with coarse words in Kiambu county on the outskirts of the capital.   We went and gave birth to a baby (the election). That baby did not die during pregnancy or during delivery. The baby had started to suckle. Raila then came and stuck his finger in the baby s arse and killed it,  he said during the speech, which was filmed and posted on YouTube.  Later, he posted on his Facebook page,  Manhunt is on tonight for the 200,000 people who did not vote and the 70,000 that voted for that other demon.  The biggest worry in Kenya is violence taking on an ethnic dimension, as in 2007. President Kenyatta is from the largest of Kenya s 44 tribes, the Kikuyu, while many of Odinga s supporters believe his Luo ethnic group has been locked out of power. Police denied reports, which were posted online and repeated by opposition politicians, that following Kuria s speech buses had been stopped in the area and passengers questioned about their ethnicity. Reuters was unable to verify the accuracy of those reports. Raphael Tuju, the secretary-general of the ruling Jubilee party, denounced Kuria s speech to a local news channel hours after it was reported.   That is completely out of order and I would not accept that kind of language. I will take it up with him because it is unacceptable,  he said. Tuju did not return calls from Reuters seeking comment on what disciplinary action Kuria might face.  Manoah Esipisu, a presidential spokesman, said  State House does not comment on comments by people like Moses Kuria.   Kuria s speech came days after Kenyatta repeatedly criticized the Supreme Court for nullifying the August election results. Official results showed that Kenyatta had won by a comfortable margin of 1.4 million votes, but the court ordered the poll re-run because it said there were  irregularities  by the election board. In a speech immediately after the ruling, Kenyatta said he disagreed with the ruling but would accept it. But in a public rally later he referred to the judges as  wakora,  a Kiswahili term for a cheat. The next day, Kenyatta promised to  fix  the judiciary.  Esipisu, the spokesman, said the president used the term wakora to criticize a judgment he views as subverting democracy.  Anything that doesn t express the will of the people is wakora,  Esipisu said.  At another rally, Kenyatta told a crowd that Odinga was a  witchdoctor  because he was insisting on being consulted on the date of new elections.  Odinga told Reuters in an interview that the statements were unpresidential.   When the anger settles, we should have a sober campaign without insults,  he said in an interview.  These campaigns will be fought on the basis of serious issues, not who can shout loudest, who can insult more than the other person.  But later he couldn t resist adding a personal dig at Kenyatta, saying that the president was probably drunk.   It was irresponsible for the president to address the nation when he appeared to have taken one too many,  he said.  I think it is an insult to the nation.  Asked about that comment, presidential spokesman Esipisu said:  We don t comment on rubbish.  (For a graphic on Kenya's presidential election click tmsnrt.rs/2vENDRp) ",1
20636,"Mexico's quake killed at least 26 people, authorities","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A powerful earthquake late on Thursday in Mexico killed at least 26 people, authorities said, raising the number of fatalities after the governor of the southern state of Oaxaca said on Friday that 20 people were killed in that region. Oaxaca governor Alejandro Murat said 17 of the 20 fatalities were in Juchitan, a town on Mexico s Tehuantepec isthmus. ",1
20637,"EU must be part of U.S. Middle East peace push, Ireland says","TALLINN (Reuters) - Israelis and Palestinians will face more unrest over the next year without a revival of a long-fractured Middle East peace process that the European Union must be part of, Ireland s foreign minister said on Friday. Simon Coveney, who met Israeli and Palestinian leaders less than a month after taking up his post in June, is leading the charge to involve the EU in a fresh attempt at peace talks and overcome divisions that have weakened the bloc s influence.   Speaking to EU foreign ministers at a meeting on Middle East policy in Tallinn on Thursday, Coveney said the bloc had a duty to make its voice heard in any new U.S. initiative as the Palestinians  biggest aid donor and Israel s top trade partner.  My concern is that it will be a much more difficult political challenge in a year s time or in two years  time,  Coveney told Reuters.   If you look at cycles of violence in Gaza, for example, without intervention and new initiatives in my view, we are heading there again,  he said, describing the Israel-Palestinian situation as an  open sore  that could erupt at any time. Coveney said EU governments had to pull together and keep the focus on a two-state solution.  Now is the time for the European Union ... to become more vocal,  said Coveney, who met Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in July.  Coveney has also met Jason Greenblatt, Trump s Middle East envoy, and said it was crucial that the EU sought to influence U.S. plans that are being drawn up by Greenblatt and Trump s son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner. Coveney said the European Union had a right to be heard because EU governments and the European Commission spend 600 million euros ($724 million) a year on aid to the Palestinians and on projects with Israel.  We cannot simply wait for the U.S. to take an initiative on their own, we should be supportive of them and helping them to shape it and design it in a way that is likely to have international community support,  he said, although he added he still did not know what the U.S. proposals would look like.  In the absence of the U.S. being able to bring forward a new initiative, I think the EU will have to do that itself.  Hurdles for the European Union include its range of positions, ranging from Germany s strong support for Israel to Sweden s 2014 decision to officially recognize the state of Palestine, something Ireland considered three years ago. Coveney said the European Union is also perceived by some in Israel as being too pro-Palestinian, partly because of the EU s long-held opposition to Israeli settlements.     But Coveney said the European Union could build trust with Israel by deepening ties in trade, science, scholarships for students and to pursue what he called  a positive agenda .  The EU aims to hold a high-level meeting with Israel to broaden trade and other economic links later this year, although a date is still pending. It would be the first such meeting since 2012.  ",1
20638,Russia says too early to decide on U.N. resolution on North Korea: Interfax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that it was too early to draw conclusions about the final form of the United Nations resolution on North Korea, Russia s Interfax news agency quoted Lavrov as saying at a news conference on Friday. ",1
20639,Erdogan urges U.S. to review 'political' charges against Turkish ex-minister,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan urged the United States on Friday to review charges against a Turkish former minister for violating U.S.-Iran sanctions, saying Ankara had never agreed to comply with the embargo and the prosecution was politically motivated.  There are very peculiar smells coming from this issue,  Erdogan said. Former economy minister Zafer Caglayan and the ex-head of a state-owned Turkish bank were charged with conspiring to violate the sanctions by illegally moving hundreds of millions of dollars through the U.S. financial system on Tehran s behalf. The indictment, announced this week, marked the first time an ex-government member with close ties to Erdogan had been charged in an investigation that has strained ties between Washington and Ankara.  For the moment, it is impossible to evaluate this within legal logic,  Erdogan told reporters at Istanbul s Ataturk airport.  I see this step against our former economy minister as a step against the Turkish Republic.  We didn t decide to impose sanctions on Iran. We have bilateral ties with Iran, sensitive relations,  he said, adding he had told former U.S. President Barack Obama as much, when the sanctions were in force.  We said to the relevant people, we said we would not take part in sanctions... These steps are purely political.  Prosecutors in New York said on Wednesday they had charged Caglayan and former Halkbank general manager Suleyman Aslan and two others with  conspiring to use the U.S. financial system to conduct hundreds of millions of dollars  worth of transactions on behalf of the government of Iran and other Iranian entities, which were barred by United States sanctions.  The charges stem from the case against Reza Zarrab, a wealthy Turkish-Iranian gold trader who was arrested in the United States over sanctions evasion last year. He has pleaded not guilty. Reuters was not able to reach Caglayan or Aslan for comment. Relations between Washington and NATO ally Turkey, an important partner in tackling the Syrian conflict, were strained after a failed coup against Erdogan in July last year and the president s subsequent crackdown on opposition.  The United States needs to revise this decision (to charge Caglayan),  Erdogan said.  I hope we ll get a chance to discuss this issue in the United States. You may be a big nation, but being a just nation is something else. Being a just nation requires the legal system to work fairly.  ",1
20640,"Factbox: Humanitarian crisis in Bangladesh as 270,000 Rohingya flee Myanmar","(Reuters) - About 270,000 Muslim Rohingya fleeing violence in Myanmar have sought refuge in Bangladesh in the past two weeks, a spokeswoman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said on Friday.  This has brought to 357,000 the number of Rohingya who have sought refuge in Bangladesh since October 2016. The exodus has put pressure on aid agencies and communities already helping hundreds of thousands of refugees from previous violence in Myanmar. Following are some details on the crisis gathered from U.N. sources working in the Cox s Bazar district of Bangladesh, on the Myanmar border. - The number of new arrivals has increased considerably in part because of a survey carried out on Sept. 6 and 7, when inter-agency teams visited host communities previously left out of calculations. About 75,000 people were identified in previously unvisited communities at nine locations.  - There is immediate need for food for the majority of the new arrivals, who do not have, or have finished, their own supplies, and are getting food from host communities or refugees who came across the border last year. - Most of the food being distributed is high-energy biscuits with 47,522 new arrivals getting them. Supplies of rice are scheduled to go out from Sept. 9. - Water is scarce while sanitation and hygiene facilities in all makeshift settlements and refugee camps, especially at Shamlapur and Leda, where the number of fresh arrivals is increasing rapidly, are stretched. Limited space to build new facilities is a chronic problem. - There are serious concerns about malnutrition, especially among children under five and pregnant or lactating women, some of whom are being enrolled in targeted feeding programs.  - Many pregnant women are very hungry, some having not eaten for several days. Seven babies have been born. - There is also a need for safe spaces for women with eight reported cases of gender-based violence, including 2 cases of sexual violence. - As of Sept. 7, a total of 299 unaccompanied asylum-seeking children have been identified and registered since Aug. 25. - An estimated 51,100 children need schooling. ",1
20641,Turkish court orders release of pro-Kurdish party's former spokesman: party official,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish court has ordered the release of a parliamentarian who was the former spokesman for Turkey s pro-Kurdish opposition party, a party official said on Friday. The court ruled that Ayhan Bilgen be released after a monthly review of his detention since he was arrested in the southern city of Diyarbakir over accusations that he was a member of an armed terrorist group, the official told Reuters. Bilgen had served as spokesman and head of the pro-Kurdish Peoples  Democratic Party s (HDP) parliamentary group. The ruling comes amid growing concern among opposition parties, human rights groups and Turkey s Western allies that President Tayyip Erdogan is using a crackdown on suspected supporters of last year s failed coup to muzzle dissent. Since the failed coup, some 50,000 people have been arrested and more than 150,000 sacked or suspended from the military, civil service and private sector.     Nine HDP deputies are jailed pending trial, more than 70 elected mayors from the HDP s southeastern affiliate have been remanded in custody in terrorism-related investigations, and their municipalities taken over by state officials. Thousands of party members have also been arrested. The Turkish government says the HDP is an affiliate of the militant Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state and is considered a terrorist organization by Turkey, the United States and the European Union. The HDP denies direct links. Turkey s parliament has also stripped four HDP lawmakers, including the party s co-chairwoman Figen Yuksekdag, of their parliamentary status, reducing the presence of the country s third-largest party in the 550-seat assembly. The HDP had 59 lawmakers elected to parliament in the November 2015 general election. The party s co-leader Selahattin Demirtas has also been in jail since November 2016. (This story corrects number of jailed deputies in paragraph 6) ",1
20642,"Nine dead, seven missing after Irma hits French islands: minister","PARIS (Reuters) - Nine people have been killed and at least seven are missing after hurricane Irma hit the France s Caribbean islands of Saint Martin and Saint Barthelemy, French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said on Friday.  112 were people were injured,  Collomb said, adding that there could be more victims. ",1
20643,Macron hurls challenge to Europe - reform or decline,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Europe risks subjugation to China and the United States unless it becomes more sovereign and democratic, French President Emmanuel Macron said on Thursday in a speech underlining the scale of his ambition to reform the European Union. In a speech delivered symbolically on the Athens hill where ancient Greeks gave birth to democracy a few thousand years ago, Macron, a fervent europhile, said the continent would face its demise without a radical overhaul of its governance.   In order not to be ruled by bigger powers such as the Chinese and the Americans, I believe in a European sovereignty that allows us to defend ourselves and exist,  Macron said at the top of the hill of Pnyx, with the spectacular backdrop of the Parthenon temple in the sunset.  Are you afraid of this European ambition?  Elected four months ago, the 39-year-old leader wants a giant leap in European cooperation which, at the economic level, would see the creation of a euro zone budget, finance minister and parliament.  Macron said more democratic institutions would help respond to a populist wave which has seen the rise of far-right leaders such as Marine Le Pen, whom he defeated in May, and helped fuel  the successful Brexit campaign which led to Britain s vote to leave the EU. He said he would unveil a  road map  for the EU in a few weeks, after Germany s Sept. 24 election, and wanted European leaders to agree before the end of the year to launch public debates in the first half of 2018 during which citizens will be able to discuss their vision for the bloc.  I don t want a new European treaty discussed behind closed doors, in the corridors of Brussels, Berlin or Paris,  Macron said. These debates - so-called  democratic conventions , which he proposed during his French presidential campaign - would help lay the foundations of Europe for the next 10 to 15 years. Macron also said he backed the idea of giving Britain s 78 seats in the European Parliament to pan-EU representatives elected by all of the EU s citizens after Brexit. ",1
20644,Malaysia ready to provide temporary shelter for Rohingya fleeing violence,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia s coast guard will not turn away Rohingya Muslims fleeing violence in Myanmar and is willing to provide them temporary shelter, the maritime agency s chief said on Friday. Rohingya insurgents attacked several police posts and an army base in Myanmar on Aug. 25. The ensuing clashes and a  military counter-offensive have killed at least 400 people and triggered an exodus of more than 160,000 to neighboring Bangladesh. Malaysia, hundreds of km (miles) to the south on the Andaman Sea, is likely to see more boat people from Myanmar in coming weeks and months because of the renewed violence, said Zulkifli Abu Bakar, the director-general of the Malaysia Maritime Enforcement Agency. However any such voyage would be hazardous for the next few months, because of the annual monsoon.   We are supposed to provide basic necessities for them to continue their journey and push them away. But at the end of the day, because of humanitarian reasons, we will not be able to do that,  Zulkifli told Reuters, adding that no fresh refugees had been seen yet. Malaysia, a Muslim-majority nation already home to more than 100,000 Rohingya refugees, will probably house the new arrivals  in immigration detention centers, where foreigners without documents are typically held, he said. Malaysia, which has not signed the U.N. Refugee Convention, treats refugees as illegal migrants. Thailand has also said it is preparing to receive people fleeing the fighting in Myanmar. Malaysia will send a humanitarian mission to help refugees seeking shelter at the Bangladesh-Myanmar border, Prime Minister Najib Razak said. The mission, to be led by the Malaysian armed forces, is a  manifestation of Malaysia s strong objection of the continued suppression of the Rohingya community by the Myanmar security forces,  Najib said in a statement. The mission will leave on Saturday to review the situation in refugee camps. Malaysia Airlines and Malindo Air will help in the distribution of aid, the statement added. Malaysia will hold talks with Bangladesh to set up a military hospital at the border, Najib added.  There are about 59,000 Rohingya refugees registered with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in Malaysia although unofficial numbers are almost double.  In 2015, mass graves were exhumed at jungle camps on the border between Thailand and Malaysia that were thought to be mainly Rohingya victims of human traffickers. ",1
20645,"Stop fighting over Brexit and get real, Jim O'Neill tells UK","LONDON (Reuters) - The British government should stop dreaming about having its own way in Brexit negotiations and start to get more realistic about the likely outcome of divorce talks with the European Union, said Jim O Neill, a former Goldman Sachs economist. Prime Minister Theresa May, who quietly opposed Brexit ahead of the referendum, has formally notified the bloc of Britain s intention to leave and divorce talks are under way. A botched gamble on a snap election in June undermined May s authority inside her own Conservative Party and some EU diplomats say the British negotiating stance remains both unrealistic and unclear. O Neill, who coined the term  BRIC  in 2001 to describe how the economic clout of Brazil, Russia, India and China would challenge the West s dominance, told BBC radio that divisions inside the Conservatives were driving Brexit policy.  The divisions between our political parties, particularly inside the ruling Conservative one, continue to dominate the policy discussion and it is very unfortunate and I wish it would change,  said O Neill. In the June 23, 2016 referendum, voters in the United Kingdom backed leaving the EU by a margin of 51.9 percent to 48.1 percent. O Neill, who resigned from his job as a Treasury minister in May s government a year ago, said that the British negotiators  attempt to cherry pick an exit deal was unrealistic.  The last thing the EU wants for a big country to leave and for there to be no consequences because at some point there would be others that might think:  Well if it s that easy and you can get away from the worst bits but keep the good bits, then I ll have some of that too ,  he said.  It frequently seems our negotiators don t seem to appreciate that,  O Neill said. May says she will make Brexit a success and that she hopes the EU will agree to a deal that allows both sides to continue to trade as freely as possible. ",1
20646,Singapore decried for 'harassment' of anti-death penalty activists,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore should end harassment of peaceful activists, Human Rights Watch has said, after participants at a candlelight vigil for a man being executed for drug trafficking were stopped from leaving the country. On July 13, about 10 people, including opponents of the death penalty and relatives Prabagaran Srivijayan, 22, attended the vigil outside Changi Prison in support of the man, who was to be hanged early the next morning. The man, who was executed on July 14, was convicted of trafficking 22.4 grams of heroin into Singapore.  During the vigil, participants said they were approached by police and told that a police report had been filed and that they were to remove the candles.  The police removed the candles and photographs of Prabagaran but the participants say they were not asked to disperse. Assemblies and processions for a cause in public places without a permit is a criminal offense in Singapore. Anyone convicted of organizing such an assembly faces penalties of up to S$10,000 ($7,440) in fines and up to six months in jail. The Singapore government has said that the law is required to provide for the individual s rights for political expression without compromising on  order and safety . Among those at the vigil were a journalist, who is an activist against capital punishment, an editor of independent online blog  Online Citizen  and a filmmaker whose most recent work focused on the detention in 1987 of political activists under Singapore s Internal Security Act. The three said in social media postings that they had been prevented from leaving the country, and had been told that they were required to stay in Singapore to assist police with an investigation. As of Friday afternoon, police were not able to respond to requests by Reuters for comment. Human Rights Watch said the government should respect the right of free speech and assembly.  The government should end its harassment of activists campaigning against capital punishment and respect their rights to freedom of expression and peaceful assembly,  the group said in a release on Thursday. None of the three had been arrested or charged, Kirsten Han, the activist and journalist, told Reuters. ",1
20647,Hard Irish border post-Brexit would be risk to peace: Coveney,"TALLINN (Reuters) - A physical border between the Irish Republic and Northern Ireland after Brexit would risk decades of peace negotiations, and Britain s solutions so far are not sufficient, Ireland s Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Friday.   We cannot have a physical border on the island of Ireland again that creates barriers between communities, that will create tension, that will undermine the peace process that has taken 30 years to build,  Coveney told Reuters.  The problem is that the solutions to get us there so far haven t been convincing,  he said in the margins of an EU foreign ministers  meeting in Tallinn, referring to Britain s proposals.  The issue of how the Irish Republic and Northern Ireland will fare after Britain leaves the European Union is sensitive given the decades of violence over whether the province should be part of Britain or Ireland. ",1
20648,Israel's Sara Netanyahu may face indictment: attorney general,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel s attorney general is considering indicting the wife of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Sara, on suspicion of using state funds for personal dining and catering services amounting to some $100,000, the justice ministry said on Friday. The ministry statement said the attorney general was considering prosecuting Sara Netanyahu for offences that include fraudulently procuring items, fraud and breach of trust. A post on the prime minister s Facebook page published late on Thursday in response to media reports about a forthcoming announcement by Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit, said the claims against Sara Netanyahu were  absurd and will be proven to be unfounded . It was unclear what political impact Friday s announcement might have on Netanyahu, who himself is under investigation in two corruption cases.  One of those, known as Case 1000, involves gifts that the prime minister and his family may have received from businessmen, while Case 2000 deals with alleged efforts by him to secure better coverage from an Israeli newspaper publisher. Netanyahu - who has been prime minister for 11 years over four terms - has denied any wrongdoing.  Netanyahu leads a relatively stable coalition government and presides over a buoyant economy. His conservative Likud party has rallied behind him in the absence of clear rivals for the leadership, rebuffing calls for his departure from the center-left opposition. Likud s religious-nationalist coalition partners, seeing no threat to their agenda with Netanyahu as prime minister, are likewise sticking with him for now. In a case dubbed  the meals-ordering affair  by the Justice Ministry, Sara Netanyahu with help from an aide allegedly created a false impression between 2010-2013 that no cooks were employed at the prime minister s official residence, while indeed there were, according to the ministry statement. This was done, the statement said, to procure state funding for outside catering that would have been covered had there been no chef.  In this way, hundreds of meals from restaurants and chefs worth 359,000 shekels ($102,399) were received from the state fraudulently,  said the justice ministry statement. Sara Netanyahu has the option to plead her case in a hearing with the attorney general. ",1
20649,"U.N. says 270,000 Rohingya fled Myanmar in past two weeks","GENEVA (Reuters) - An estimated 270,000 Rohingya refugees have fled Myanmar in the past two weeks and sought refuge in Bangladesh, where two existing refugee camps are  bursting at the seams , the U.N. refugee agency UNHCR said on Friday.  The exodus of the minority Rohingya was triggered by insurgent attacks on Aug. 25 and an army counter-offensive. Myanmar says its forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against terrorists responsible for a string of attacks on the police and army since last October. Officials blame Rohingya militants for killing non-Muslims and burning their homes.  The two refugee camps in Cox s Bazar in southeast Bangladesh   home to nearly 34,000 Rohingya refugees before this influx   are now bursting at the seams. The population has more than doubled in two weeks, totaling more than 70,000. There is an urgent need for more land and shelters,  UNHCR said in a briefing note for reporters in Geneva.  The vast majority are women, including mothers with newborn babies, families with children. They arrive in poor condition, exhausted, hungry and desperate for shelter.  The United Nations was expecting a total refugee influx of 300,000, up from a previous estimate of 120,000, an official told Reuters on Wednesday. The International Organization for Migration said the estimate of new arrivals had increased considerably partly because of an assessment on Sept. 6, when humanitarian workers visited more locations, and found 75,000 newly arrived people in nine locations.  There were 130,000 people in the registered refugee camps and three makeshift settlements, 90,000 in host communities, and  nearly 50,000 in new spontaneous settlements which are expanding quickly with people still searching for space to make temporary shelters , an IOM statement said.      While most of Rohingya refugees arrive on foot, mostly walking through the jungle and mountains for several days, thousands are braving long and risky voyages across the rough seas of the Bay of Bengal,  UNHCR said. At least 300 boats arrived in Cox s Bazar on Wednesday, IOM said.  ",1
20650,"Pierre Berge, who co-founded Yves Saint Laurent fashion house, dies","PARIS (Reuters) - French businessman and art patron Pierre Berge, who co-founded the Yves Saint Laurent fashion house, has died at age 86 following a long illness, his foundation said on Friday.  Berge was the partner of the late designer Yves Saint Laurent, with whom he founded the label in 1961. He died on Friday at his home in Saint-Remy-de-Provence in southern France. Berge, who ran the Yves Saint Laurent house until 2002, was  a passionate art collector and opera lover. Socialist President Fran ois Mitterrand put him in charge of the newly-built Bastille Opera in Paris in 1988.  Pierre Berge was a true prince of the arts and culture,  former culture minister Jack Lang said. In 1994, Berge, a longtime campaigner for gay rights, created Sidaction, a fund-raising organization dedicated to AIDS research and treatment. He was also a founder of the French weekly Courrier International and the gay magazine Tetu and the chairman of the supervisory board at Le Monde newspaper as one its main shareholders. Berge was due to inaugurate two museums dedicated to Yves Saint Laurent in Paris and Marrakech this autumn. ",1
20651,Philippines' Duterte says no peace talks without communists' ceasefire,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Friday ruled out a resumption of stalled peace talks with communist rebels if they do not stop guerrilla attacks, two days after lawmakers ousted the last leftist from his cabinet. An angry Duterte in May ordered the scrapping of formal peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) after the military said fighters from the CPP s military wing, the New People s Army, stepped up offensives in the countryside.  There will be no talks until you declare a ceasefire, period,  he said in a speech in his home city of Davao.  And if you say you want another war, be my guest.  Duterte gave two cabinet positions to left-wing activists recommended by the CPP when he assumed power last year to show his commitment to ending nearly five decades of conflict, in which more than 40,000 people have been killed. The legislature s Commission on Appointments on Wednesday rejected the appointment of leftist Rafael Mariano as agrarian reform minister.  Mariano s exit came less than a month after the same panel ousted Judy Taguiwalo, another leftist, as social welfare minister, in what some commentators say is a move by Duterte s allies to punish the CPP.  But Duterte s office in both cases expressed disappointment the ministers had not been approved. In the Philippines, all ministers must be approved by the house panel, but the process can take more than a year. The president is furious about repeated attacks by the communist rebels who, he said, have killed many soldiers and police. He is also angered by what he sees as duplicity by the CPP s exiled political leaders, to whom he says he has made many concessions and has shown good faith by making the peace process a top priority for his administration. The rebels  chief negotiator, Luis Jalandoni, has said the government s demand to stop guerrilla attacks is  ridiculous  because soldiers are attacking villages where rebels are based. ",1
20652,Control of information shifts up a gear in run-up to Cambodia election,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Critics of Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen have grown used to following upstart news service Fresh News to find out what the government s next target might be. From treason accusations against detained opposition leader Kem Sokha to the tax demand against the now-shuttered Cambodia Daily to allegations against the recently expelled U.S. National Democratic Institute, it was on Fresh News first. Its rise, just as pressure is growing on more critical media, reflects a shift in control of information in the run-up to next year s general election at the same time as a crackdown on Hun Sen s opponents.  If any news needs to be reported, I may contact the prime minister or the prime minister may contact me,  37-year-old Fresh News chief executive Lim Chea Vutha told Reuters. Lim rejected accusations it publishes unsubstantiated reports to serve the government s interest and said it was just ambitious to break news the same as any major news agency. Cambodia has long had one of Southeast Asia s most open media environments, but journalists with publications critical of the government say work is becoming tougher than during any period of Hun Sen s more than three-decade rule.  This means an imbalance of information,  said Pa Nguon Teang, head of the partly EU-funded Voice of Democracy radio station, banned from broadcasting to its estimated 7.7 million listeners last month and now trying to publish via Facebook. Eighteen other radio stations were ordered off air while channels were also forbidden from rebroadcasting the U.S.-funded Voice of America and Radio Free Asia. The Cambodia Daily newspaper, whose editor described it as  a burr in Hun Sen s side  since it was started 24 years ago, was forced to close by a crippling $6.3 million tax bill   news of which first appeared on Fresh News.  The three-year-old publication also published the video that formed the basis for arresting opposition leader Kem Sokha for treason charges his lawyers dismiss as nonsense.  It s not fresh news, it s not even fake news, it s bad news - bad news for the future of Cambodia,  said Mu Sochua, a deputy of Kem Sokha in his Cambodia National Rescue Party. Cambodia is not the only Southeast Asian country where the media is under pressure, with journalists and bloggers in Thailand, the Philippines, Myanmar and Vietnam facing everything from verbal threats to arrest to violence. Hun Sen has said his attitude to media he does not like is no different to that of U.S. President Donald Trump, who has branded some liberal U.S. news organizations  fake news  and has refused to take questions from their reporters. For Hun Sen, a 65-year-old former Khmer Rouge soldier, critical media are  like children challenging their father , said Huy Vannak, president of the partly state-funded Union of Journalist Federations of Cambodia.  They only mock his good faith to the nation. That s why he s not tolerant,  he said. Praised openly by Hun Sen, Fresh News now has more than 100 employees. At the company s ninth-floor offices near a busy Phnom Penh junction, signs tell journalists  the first enemy of success is laziness . Facebook is one of the main channels for Fresh News to publish and has also been embraced by Hun Sen since the opposition almost won the 2013 election, partly with the help of their social media strategy. While declining to give company financial details, Lim said he received no money from the government. A government spokesman said there was no funding for Fresh News or anyone publishing on social media beyond official accounts.  Lim said he was supported only by advertising. Flipping through his mobile phone, he showed ads for everything from Range Rover to Coca-Cola to local businesses thriving in an economy growing at around 7 percent a year. But business and government are entwined in Cambodia and the leadership and its family members control many of Cambodia s biggest enterprises - including media businesses. Hun Sen s oldest daughter, Hun Mana, chairs Kampuchea Thmey Daily and Bayon TV and Radio among at least a dozen other firms. Senate president and the deputy leader of the ruling Cambodia People s Party, Say Chhum, owns Rasmei Kampuchea, Cambodia s most popular newspaper. According to a 2015 study, media organizations with politically affiliated owners accounted for 41 percent of print readership and 63 percent of television viewership. Of those owners, eight out of 10 were close to the ruling party. Businesses won t give advertising to media seen as pro-opposition because it won t help them, said Huy Vannak.  The government doesn t need to sponsor you when your content is positive. Business will come to you,  he said. Despite international awards for its reporting, the Cambodia Daily was not a big commercial success. By the end, it said it was barely breaking even and had no hope of paying a tax bill it disputed before the Sept. 4 deadline set by government. The paper appeared to get limited sympathy from Lim.  It s the right of the government to shut it down,  he said.  As we reported, it s a legal matter.  ",1
20653,Three vehicles torched in long-running South African taxi war,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - One Uber vehicle and two other taxis were torched in South Africa s main business district on Thursday night in a feud over fares, but no one was injured, Uber and police said on Friday. The vehicles were set alight in the wealthy Sandton district near the Gautrain station, a popular pick-up point for taxis where previous attacks on Uber vehicles have taken place. It was not clear who torched the vehicles.  Uber [UBER.UL] drivers around the world have faced threats and protests from regular taxi operators, who say cheap fares from Uber drivers are forcing them out of business.  All the drivers of the cars escaped unharmed. It is suspected that the incident is related to the ongoing fight between the metered taxis and the Ubers,  police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo said. A fourth car had its back window smashed in, he said. On Friday, police officers patrolled the street outside the Gautrain station, which is opposite the Reuters offices. Samantha Allenberg, Uber s communications head for Africa, said only one of the torched vehicles belonged to Uber. One of the torched vehicles was likely from a different ride-hailing service, Allenberg said.  We really need the government to do more here. The violence and intimidation is simply unacceptable,  she said. Uber has met the minister of transport and law enforcement agencies several times over similar incidents, she said. Footage of the burning vehicles circulated on social media.  Transport Minister Joe Maswanganyi said those behind the violence and intimidation would face the law.    More than 6,000 vehicles use the e-hailing Uber application to find customers in South Africa, where the service has grown swiftly as public transport has not kept up with the rising population in sprawling cities. Uber operates in more than 600 cities and has faced protests in France, Brazil and Hungary, and Uber drivers have been threatened or attacked in Kenya, Costa Rica, and Australia. ",1
20654,Suu Kyi says Myanmar trying to protect all citizens in strife-torn state,"YANGON/COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Thursday her government was doing its best to protect everyone in the strife-torn state of Rakhine, as the estimated number of Rohingya Muslims who have fled to Bangladesh leapt by 18,000 in one day, to 164,000. Suu Kyi did not refer specifically to the exodus of the minority Rohingya, which was sparked by insurgent attacks on Aug. 25 and an army counter-offensive, but said her administration was trying its best to take care of all citizens. Western critics have accused Suu Kyi of not speaking out for the Rohingya, some 1.1 million people who have long complained of persecution and are seen by many in Buddhist-majority Myanmar as illegal migrants from Bangladesh.  Some have called for the Nobel Peace Prize she won in 1991 as a champion of democracy to be revoked.  We have to take care of our citizens, we have to take care of everybody who is in our country, whether or not they are our citizens,  Suu Kyi said in comments to Reuters Television s Indian partner, Asian News International.  Of course, our resources are not as complete and adequate as we would like them to be but, still, we try our best and we want to make sure that everyone is entitled to the protection of the law,  she said during a visit by Indian Prime Narendra Modi to Yangon. Suu Kyi on Tuesday blamed  terrorists  for  a huge iceberg of misinformation  on the strife in the northwestern state of Rakhine but made no mention of the Rohingya who have fled. She has come under increasing pressure from countries with Muslim populations, and this week U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned there was a risk of ethnic cleansing in Myanmar that could destabilise the region. In Washington, the U.S. State Department on Thursday voiced its concern  following serious allegations of human rights abuses including mass burnings of Rohingya villages and violence conducted by security forces and also armed civilians .  We urge all in Burma including in the Rakhine state to avoid actions that exacerbate tensions there,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters. The U.S. ambassador has met Myanmar officials to discuss  allegations of violence conducted by both the security forces and civilians  and access for humanitarian groups, she said. Myanmar has said it is negotiating with China and Russia to ensure they block any Security Council censure over the crisis.  Suu Kyi said the situation in Rakhine has been difficult for many decades and so it was  a little unreasonable  to expect her administration, which has been in power for 18 months, to have resolved it already. Myanmar says its forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against terrorists responsible for a string of attacks on the police and army since last October. Officials blame Rohingya militants for killing non-Muslims and burning their homes.  We need to wipe out the threat of the terrorism in those regions,  Ko Ko Hlaing, a presidential adviser of the previous government said on Thursday at a forum arranged by military-owned media to discuss the crisis. He said rehabilitation and development are important and the citizenship issue must be settled, but the first priority needed to be  the detoxification of dangerous ideology of extremism .  Suu Kyi s spokesman, Zaw Htay, on Thursday posted what he said were  photos of Bengalis setting fire to their houses . The pictures of several sword-wielding women wearing headscarfs and men in Islamic prayer caps, or  Kufi , setting a house on fire, which were published in one of the country s leading newspapers, were also shared widely by the military.  These photos showing that Bengalis are torching their houses emerge at a time when international media have made groundless accusations of setting fire to Bengali houses by the government security forces and the killings of Bengalis,  said the Eleven Media daily But the photographs sparked controversy on social media with many people who identified themselves as Myanmar Muslims saying they appeared staged.  Rights monitors and Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh say the Myanmar army has been trying to force them out of Rakhine state with a campaign of arson and killings. Boatloads of exhausted Rohingya continued to arrive in the Cox s Bazar region of neighbouring Bangladesh on Thursday. The latest estimate by U.N. workers operating there put arrivals in just 13 days at 164,000, up from 146,000 from the day before. U.N. officials in Bangladesh now believe the total number of refugees from Myanmar since Aug. 25 could reach 300,000, said Dipayan Bhattacharyya, who is Bangladesh spokesman for the World Food Programme (WFP). [nL4N1LN4N3] The surge of refugees - many sick or wounded - has strained the resources of aid agencies and communities already helping hundreds of thousands from previous spasms of violence in Myanmar. Many have no shelter, and aid agencies are racing to provide clean water, sanitation and food.  Many refugees are stranded in no-man s land between the border with Myanmar,  medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) said in a statement.   Even prior to the most recent influx, many Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh lived in unsafe, overcrowded and unhygienic conditions, with little protection from the elements.  It said more nurses, midwives and doctors had been brought in to tackle violence-related injuries, severely infected wounds and obstetric complications.  (Corrects title of U.N. Secretary General in 8th paragraph, dropping extraneous words  Security Council .) ",1
20655,"Children, teenagers among wounded Rohingya in crammed Bangladesh hospital","CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Mohammed Idrees, a 10-year-old Rohingya boy, does not remember how he landed at the hospital in Bangladesh with a part of his right ear blown off.  But he says he won t return to his home country, neighboring Myanmar, until there is peace. Idrees is one of around 60 badly injured Rohingya Muslims admitted to the hospital in Chittagong since violence flared in Rakhine state in the northwest of Myanmar in late August.  Rohingya insurgents attacked several police posts and an army base on Aug 25, leading to a military crackdown that has resulted in the deaths of at least 400 people and sent 146,000 people fleeing to Bangladesh. Apart from creating a humanitarian crisis, the unrest has also brought waves of international criticism of Myanmar s leader, the Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi, for not speaking out for a minority that has long complained of persecution. The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar, a mainly Buddhist country. Almost all the Rohingya being treated at the Chittagong Medical College Hospital, the largest in southeast Bangladesh, have been injured by gunshots or bomb blasts, according to a hospital document given to Reuters. Around a third of the total injured are teenagers or younger, including a six-year-old boy. The Myanmar military has repeatedly said that it has been targeting only insurgents in the crackdown.  Ajoy Kumar Dey, who is in charge of the hospital, said he had not seen similar wounds during previous influxes of Rohingya from Myanmar. He said the large number of young men and children, like Idrees, underlined the gravity of the situation in Rakhine.   I don t remember what happened to me, but I want to go see my mother,  Idrees said, lying on his bed in a soiled white shirt and a checked longyi, a Myanmar-style sarong. His head was bandaged and he was clutching the hand of his father, sitting by his side.  It hurts a lot.  He cried as his father, Mohammed Rasheed, described how Myanmar security forces sprayed bullets into their village, Kyauk Chaung, on the morning of Aug. 25. One bullet took off a chunk of Idrees  ear as his family crouched behind a canal near their house. Six fellow villagers from Kyauk Chaung died in the hour-long shooting, said Rasheed.  A bleeding Idrees was carried on a bamboo stretcher over some hills near the border to reach Bangladesh the same night. His mother, three sisters and a brother arrived on Sunday.  We are lucky all of us are alive,  said Rasheed. Across the ward, a Rohingya man with bullet wounds in one shoulder, the back of a thigh and a shin, writhed in agony. A plastic nasal pipe was helping him breath. The government hospital in Chittagong is usually crowded at the best of times; now it is receiving twice as many people as it has beds - many of them Rohingya with shattered faces, shredded legs and damaged eyes who are fighting for their lives. Around two dozen young Rohingya men, some groaning in pain, were laying on blue hospital mattresses on the floor of a corridor on Wednesday, their legs or hands heavily plastered. Zaw Htay, Aung San Suu Kyi s spokesman, said Thursday that Myanmar was in discussions with Dhaka on what to do about what he said were  terrorists  in the hospital, a charge the Myanmar military made earlier in the week.  The Bangladeshi foreign secretary, Shahidul Haque, denied being contacted by Myanmar about militants being treated at the hospital.  However, he said that Bangladesh had previously handed over two  terrorists  after being given their names by Myanmar. He did not provide further details, but said Bangladesh would hand any terrorists to Myanmar if it provided more names and the individuals could be found. A United Nations source said that on Sept. 3 alone, 31 Rohingya with bullet injuries and six with burn injuries were admitted to the Chittagong hospital.  There have been many people who have come with bullet wounds on the backs of their bodies,  said H.T. Imam, a political adviser to Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of Bangladesh.  That is most reprehensible. This is a killing mission, plain and simple.  Myanmar officials have said the country has the right to defend itself from attack, adding that security personnel were told to keep innocent civilians from harm. Rohingya who have fled to Bangladesh are in urgent need of medical and humanitarian assistance given the massive scale of the influx, Doctors Without Borders said Wednesday.  Many of the arrivals have serious medical needs, such as violence-related injuries, severely infected wounds, and advanced obstetric complications,  Pavlo Kolovos, the humanitarian group s head in Bangladesh, said in a statement.  Without a scale-up of humanitarian support, the potential health risks are extremely concerning.  One such person with severe injuries is Mohammed Jubair, 21, who, according to doctors treating him in the burns and plastic surgery department, is on his deathbed. The right side of Jubair s face has been smashed up completely; the left has severe burns, as does his lower body. He was fleeing his village in Rakhine with his five-year-old sister when Myanmar forces in a helicopter hurled a bomb at them on Aug. 26, killing the girl on the spot, according to his older brother, Nur Mohammed.  Unlike me, my brother was carrying our young sister as we fled to the hills when the army came and started setting our houses on fire,  he said.  I could move ahead faster, now Allah save my brother.  Like the attack on the village reported by Rasheed, it was not possible to independently verify Mohammed s account. ",1
20656,China's tighter drone rules send new pilots flocking to school,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A buzz fills the sky above a flight base in northern Beijing, as pilots practise take-offs and landings ahead of tests to qualify for a license - to fly drones. Drone enthusiasts in China, the world s top maker of consumer unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), are scrambling for licenses after the government adopted strict rules this year to tackle incidents of drones straying into aircraft flight paths.   A drone is not a toy,  said Yang Nuo, the principal of the  drone training school in the Chinese capital, who expects more students to sign up in a drive to boost flying skills.  It involves complicated aerial theoretical knowledge.   Gao Huiqiang, 32, said his construction company told him to seek a license.  Since the laws on drones are tightening and a legal framework is being built, they told me to come and get the license first,  he added. In June, China set an end-August deadline for owners of civilian drones to register crafts up to a certain weight under their real names. Last week, a test-flight base opened in the commercial hub of Shanghai, which requires civilian drones to fly below 150 m (492 ft), the official news agency s Xinhuanet website said. Others have balked at the idea of spending around 10,000 yuan ($1,534) for an official qualification, particularly as uncertainty surrounds future regulations.  They don t know when the next regulation will be introduced,  said Hao Jiale, the manager at a DJI drone store.  Some people want to wait and see.  Privately-held SZ DJI Technology Co Ltd, based in the southeastern city of Shenzen, had a roughly 70 percent share of the global commercial and consumer drone market, according to a 2016 estimate by Goldman Sachs and Oppenheimer analysts. Despite the curbs, prospects for growth look bright. China s camera drone market will see a compound annual growth rate of 68 percent in five years, with shipments reaching 3 million units by 2019, up from 40,000 in the third quarter of 2015, tech research firm IDC said last year.   More than 120,000 drones have been registered in China, Xinhuanet said, compared to just 77,000 registered users in the United States.    ",1
20657,Hungarian PM Orban says will fight after EU ruling on migrant quota,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary will not change its anti-immigration stance after the European Union s top court dismissed a challenge against migrant quotas, Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Friday. The EU s highest court ruled on Wednesday that member states must take in a share of refugees who reach Europe, dismissing the challenge by Slovakia and Hungary and re-igniting an east-west row that has shaken EU cohesion.  We must take note of the ruling as we cannot erode the foundation of the EU - and respect of law is the foundation of the EU - but at the same time this court ruling is no reason for us to change our policy, which rejects migrants,  Orban told state radio. The Mediterranean migrant crisis of 2015 flooded the Balkans, Italy and Greece with migrants, which prompted the EU to impose mandatory quotas on its member countries for relocating asylum seekers. The flow of migrants has receded, easing pressure to force compliance on nationalist leaders like Orban, who is benefiting from his tough anti-immigrant policies as elections approach in 2018. Now that the legal challenge has failed, Orban said he would pursue a political fight to force the EU to change its mandatory migrant quotas.  The whole issue raises a very serious question of principles: whether we are an alliance of European free nations with the Commission representing our joint interests, or a European empire which has its center in Brussels and which can issue orders,  Orban said. He said EU countries which let in migrants, unlike Hungary, decided to do so of their own will and now they cannot ask Hungary to take a part in correcting their mistake.  It is not us Hungarians who question the rules of the club, but the Commission had changed the rules and this is unacceptable,  Orban added. He said that unlike some of the major member states of the EU, whose colonial legacy has made them  immigrant countries , Hungary did not have a colonial past.  These countries with colonial legacy, which have become immigrant countries by now, want to impose on us Central Europeans their own logic ... but Hungary does not want to become an immigrant country,  Orban said. At the same time, he said Hungary was committed to EU membership, because Hungarians had decided in a referendum to join the bloc in 2004.  No government can lead Hungary out of the EU as it was the Hungarian people which decided to be inside and this is right.  ",1
20658,Minor New Zealand parties in focus as hotly contested election gets tighter,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The rising popularity of New Zealand s Labour Party in hotly contested elections is making it less likely that the nationalist New Zealand First Party will play kingmaker, poll averages released on Friday show. The uncertainty over which combination of parties will decide the next government is worsening an already topsy-turvy election, previously seen as a slam dunk for the center-right National Party, which has ruled for almost a decade. Since taking over as leader last month, charismatic politician Jacinda Ardern has almost single-handedly changed the chances of her Labour Party at the Sept. 23 election.  When I go out and knock on doors...there is a feeling for change, there is,  Marama Fox, a leader of the M ori Party, said at a televised debate between leaders of smaller parties, referring to Labour s newfound popularity.  Fox s party, which campaigns for the rights of indigenous New Zealanders, could play a crucial role in determining the next government. Though it has been in a coalition with National for nine years, Fox said she could work with Labour. Support for newly invigorated Labour rose to 41.8 percent in opinion polls, nudging above the National Party s 41.1 percent, figures released by media showed. That put the center-left opposition party closer to being able to form a government with the Green Party, polling at around 5.4 percent, and the M ori Party, which posted support of about 1.2 percent.  Alternatively Labour could join forces with New Zealand First, which slipped to 7.9 percent and had previously been thought likely to determine which major party governed. Green Party leader James Shaw would not rule out a deal with New Zealand First, but expressed reluctance, as the party s outspoken leader would not commit to either National or Labour.  He s a bad date,  Shaw said of Peters  last-minute decision to skip the debate.  He s stood us up tonight... he s completely unreliable and you don t know which way he s going to go.  But if the Green Party fell further, sinking below the support threshold of 5 percent for seats in parliament, that would put New Zealand First in an even stronger position.  It is really unusual... it s all about which pieces land where,  said Grant Duncan, political analyst at Auckland University. Minor parties often have an outsize role in New Zealand s proportional representation system, in which a party, or combination of parties, needs 61 of Parliament s 120 members - usually about 48 percent of the vote - to form a government. ",1
20659,Bahrain rejects Amnesty report citing crackdown on dissent,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Bahrain condemned as inaccurate a report by the Amnesty International rights group accusing the Bahraini government of crushing dissent and violently cracking down on protests over the last year. Amnesty said in a report on Thursday that it had documented how the Bahraini government, from June 2016 to June 2017, had arrested, tortured, threatened or banned from travel at least 169 activists and opponents or their relatives.  It also accused in particular Britain and the United States, who both have military facilities in Bahrain, of turning a blind eye to abuses.  Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoFA) of Kingdom of Bahrain regrets inaccuracies contained in Amnesty International s report,  the ministry said on its twitter account.  It gave no details.  MoFA stresses commitment of Kingdom of Bahrain to respect and promote freedoms and human rights principles.  Amnesty International said it had documented security officers beating protesters, firing tear gas, shotguns and semi-automatic rifles directly at protesters and driving armored vehicles and personnel carriers into protests. Bahrain has been a flashpoint since the Sunni-led government put down Arab Spring protests in 2011. The kingdom, most of whose population is Shi ite, says it faces a threat from neighboring Shi ite theocracy Iran. Entitled  No one can protect you: Bahrain s year of crushing dissent , the Amnesty report said at least six people had been killed, including a child, in the crackdowns. Bahrain has intensified a crackdown on critics, shutting down two main political groups, revoking the citizenship of the spiritual leader of the Shi ite Muslim community and jailing rights campaigners. ",1
20660,India bars 'unruly' passengers from flying for three months to over two years,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has issued new norms barring unruly passengers from flying for a minimum of three months to more than two years depending on the nature of the misdemeanor, the government said on Friday. The federal government has issued a no-fly list of unruly passengers after a lawmaker admitted assaulting an official from state-owned carrier Air India. The new rules will be applicable to foreign carriers as well, the government said in a statement, adding that unruly behavior has been categorized in three levels - verbal, physical and life threatening.  The concept of no-fly is based on safety of other passengers, crew and the aircraft, and not just on the security threat,  the government said. ",1
20661,Russia says its air strike kills several top Islamic State commanders in Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian air strike has killed around 40 Islamic State fighters, including four senior commanders, near the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zor, Russia s defense ministry said on Friday. The strike, carried out by Su-34 fighter-bombers and Su-35 fighters, came after an intelligence report on Sept. 5 showed that top Islamic State commanders were meeting at a secret underground command post in the vicinity of Deir al-Zor, the ministry said on its Facebook page. Among those killed was Abu Muhammad al-Shimali, who oversees foreign fighters at IS, it said. The defense ministry also said it had evidence that Gulmurod Khalimov, Islamic State s  minister of war , was present at the meeting in the bunker and had been fatally wounded in the strike and evacuated to the al-Muhasan area, 20 km (13 miles) southeast of Deir al-Zor. Khalimov, the U.S.-trained commander of Tajikistan s elite police force, defected to Islamic State in April 2015 and later posted a video address, vowing to return home to establish sharia law in his Central Asian nation and to take jihad to Russia and the United States. A top official at Tajikistan s national security service told Russia s RIA news agency that Moscow had been asked to provide details proving Khalimov s elimination. On Tuesday Syrian government forces, supported by Russian air strikes and cruise missile launches, reached troops besieged for years by Islamic State in Deir al-Zor, the militants  last major stronghold in Syria. ",1
20662,Sweeping change in China's military points to more firepower for Xi,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s military is preparing a sweeping leadership reshuffle, dropping top generals, including two that sources say are under investigation for corruption. The changes would make room for President Xi Jinping to install trusted allies in key positions at a key party congress that begins on Oct 18. A list of 303 military delegates to the Communist Party Congress, published by the army s official newspaper on Wednesday, excluded Fang Fenghui and Zhang Yang, both members of the Central Military Commission. The commission is China s top military decision-making body. Reuters reported this week that the 66-year-old Fang, who accompanied Xi to his first meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump in April, is being questioned on suspicion of corruption. Three sources familiar with the matter said Zhang, the director of the military s Political Work Department, is also the subject of a probe. China s Defense Ministry did not respond to a request for comment. The personnel changes herald a clean sweep of the top-ranking generals heading up the department. All three of Zhang s deputies - Jia Tingan, Du Hengyan and Wu Changde - were also missing from the list of congress delegates.  This is a very clear message: they re out,  said Cheng Li, an expert on Chinese elite politics at the Brookings Institution.  Their political careers have come to an end.  On Friday, news reports carried by the People s Liberation Army Daily and the official news agency Xinhua abruptly referred to the navy s political commissar, Miao Hua, as the Political Work Department director, despite no official announcement of Zhang being replaced in his role. The department is in charge of imbuing political thought and makes military personnel decisions in a similar vein to the Communist Party s Organisation Department. The Political Work Department used to be headed by Xu Caihou, who along with a fellow former vice-chairman of the military commission, Guo Boxiong, was accused of taking bribes in exchange for promotions. Guo was jailed for life last year, while Xu died of cancer in 2015 before he could face trial. Also among the key omissions from the list published Wednesday were Du Jincai, who was replaced as the military s anti-corruption chief in March, and Cai Yingting, who left his post as head of the PLA Academy of Military Science in January. Taking into account officials who are likely to retire, as many as seven of the 11 spots on the military commission may be vacated, strengthening talk in Chinese political circles that the body may be streamlined.  Xi, who is commander-in-chief of China s armed forces, currently chairs the commission, which also comprises two vice-chairmen and eight committee members.  Two sources familiar with the matter said the commission may be cut down to Xi and four vice-chairmen, doing away with committee members and streamlining reporting lines.  Li, the Brookings expert, said that among those likely to be central to the army s refreshed leadership were Li Zuocheng, who took over from Fang as chief of the Joint Staff Department last month, Miao and the three commanders of the army s ground, air and naval forces: Han Weiguo, Ding Laihang and Shen Jinlong.  The fact that all five were newly-appointed this year and none were members of the Communist Party s 200-odd strong Central Committee, Li said, reflected the extent to which Xi was rejuvenating the leadership as part of his years-long drive to modernize the military and make it more ready for combat.  This is really a major step from Xi Jinping to consolidate his authority to promote the young, those who have some professional experience,  but are  not corrupted, and certainly not belonging to the factions of Guo Boxiong and Xu Caihou,  he said. ",1
20663,"Taiwan's new premier vows to 'build country', scrap investment hurdles","TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan s new premier, William Lai, vowed on Friday to work towards luring greater investment to the self-ruled island, while sticking to the policies of the ruling Democratic Progressive Party. Lai, formerly the mayor of the southwestern city of Tainan, made the remarks at a cabinet transition ceremony following the resignation this week of his predecessor, Lin Chuan..  The cabinet reshuffle, at a time of low public approval ratings for President Tsai Ing-wen, will give the government an opportunity to push through legislation with less resistance.  Ratings for Tsai shrank to below 30 percent by August, a survey by a private foundation showed, down from nearly 70 percent soon after her landslide election victory in 2016.  My main responsibility is to build the country, expand the economy and look after the people,  said Lai, adding that his cabinet would press on with reforms in areas ranging from the energy industry to labor, pensions and tax, while  eliminating obstacles for investment . He added,  these will have a pragmatic strategy and will be solved in a steadfast way.  Dissatisfaction with labor and pension reforms are seen to have weighed on Tsai s ratings, sparking occasional protests. The reshuffle brought several new key appointments, though most of the other ministry-level positions stayed unchanged.  The financial supervisory commission gets a new chief, Wellington Koo, while acting economics minister Shen Jong-chin was confirmed in the role. A new vice premier and secretary-general were also appointed to the cabinet, or executive yuan.   Lai, a member of Tsai s independence-leaning party, won a landslide reelection in 2014 in Tainan, home to the plants of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) and other technology firms.  The Harvard-educated Lai is expected to take a cautious stance in the transition, as shown by his modest personnel changes, analysts say.    Lai brings an effective administrative style, and will seek to keep the agenda on track,  said Edward Yang, an associate professor at National Taiwan Normal University.  His popular style also contrasts with that of Lin, who was seen as a less effective communicator, Yang added. The DPP is striving to shore up its popularity ahead of local elections next year in which it faces off against its main rival, the China-friendly Kuomintang (KMT) party.  Local election results are seen as a harbinger for the presidential election in 2020. ",1
20664,Most South Koreans doubt the North will start a war: poll,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea has ratcheted up international tension and fear with its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sunday, but South Koreans feel increasingly doubtful it would start a war, a poll showed on Friday. A Gallup Korea survey found that 58 percent of South Koreans felt there was no possibility North Korea will cause a war, while 37 percent said they thought it would. Gallup Korea began asking South Koreans the question in 1992, and the percentage of respondents this time who thought the North would not start a war was the second highest since then. In the first poll in 1992, 69 percent of those questioned thought the North would start a war while only 24 percent thought it would not. The survey released on Friday showed South Koreans were considerably less concerned about war compared with June 2007, nine months after North Korea conducted its first nuclear test, in September 2006. In 2007, 51 percent of respondents said they expected a war, while 45 percent did not. North Korea says it needs to develop weapons to protect itself against U.S. aggression. It has been steadily pursuing its nuclear and missile programs in defiance of international condemnation and has threatened more action in response to any new U.N. sanctions and U.S. pressure. Despite the North s fiery rhetoric, South Koreans are generally calm, going about their lives with no sign of panic.  The survey results show South Koreans have likely grown accustomed to its repeated threats of provocation after over 60 years in a ceasefire state,  Gallup Korea said in a statement. South Korea and the United States are technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty. The poll also found that 60 percent of those surveyed believed South Korea should arm itself with nuclear weapons while 35 percent disagreed.  Those in their twenties were most opposed to the idea of acquiring nuclear weapons, while respondents 50 and above said the South should have them. Gallup also said 59 percent of respondents were against the idea of the United States attacking North Korea first should North Korean provocations continue, while 33 percent said it should. Gallup Korea said the poll was carried out from Sept. 5 to 7. A total of 1,004 South Koreans over the age of 19 were polled by telephone, it said.  The survey has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.1 percent. ",1
20665,Pope Francis to bless Colombia's war victims,"VILLAVICENCIO/BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Thousands of victims of Colombia s five-decade war will seek blessings, guidance and a path to forgiveness from Pope Francis on Friday, during his visit to a region that for years has been known as an epicenter of violence.  The Argentine pope has received a rapturous welcome in Colombia, a majority Roman Catholic nation, bringing with him a message of peace and unity as he seeks to strengthen faith and heal the scars of civil war. In the city of Villavicencio, Francis will hold a prayer meeting with 6,000 survivors of a brutal conflict that has left millions scarred by kidnappings, massacres, rape, land mines and displacement. He will also bless the Cross of Reconciliation, a plain white memorial to the victims, and hear personal testimonies of those who have suffered.  There has been too much hatred and vengeance. The solitude of always being at loggerheads has been familiar for decades, and its smell has lingered for a hundred years,  the leader of the world s 1.2 billion Roman Catholics said on Thursday.  We do not want any type of violence whatsoever to restrict or destroy one more life,  added the pontiff, who delayed visiting Colombia until a peace deal between the government and Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebels was in effect. Colombians have suffered from war between right-wing paramilitaries, Marxist rebels, and government forces since 1964. More than 220,000 have been killed and millions more displaced as the war spilled into towns and rural communities. The 80-year-old Francis will also beatify two victims as martyrs.  He will take the first step to make saints of Pedro Maria Ramirez, a priest who was killed in 1948 during the period of political violence known as  La Violencia,  and Bishop Jesus Emilio Jaramillo, killed in 1989 by the National Liberation Army (ELN) for suspected collaboration with the military. The pontiff wants his message of reconciliation to resonate with the war victims and he urged his Church to help spread the message.  You are not bureaucrats, nor politicians, you are pastors,  he said, addressing bishops in Bogota.   In Villavicencio - the capital of central Meta province, a vast cattle ranching area which has been a hotbed of paramilitary and rebel violence - Francis will see a destroyed statue of Christ brought from western Choco province for his visit. The effigy was recovered from a church attacked by the FARC in 2002 in the rain forest village of Bojaya. About 80 people were killed as they sought refuge from rebel bombings inside the humble church. The plaster figure, without arms or legs, has become an enduring symbol of the bloody war.  Forgiveness is pivotal if Colombia is to forge lasting peace, break cycles of revenge and rebuild once-hostile communities.   But Colombians are deeply polarized as they prepare to receive 7,000 former fighters of the FARC into society and aim to repair divisions from the war. Many are furious that under last year s peace deal, FARC leaders accused of kidnapping, displacements and murder will avoid jail sentences and instead may receive seats in congress as members of a civilian political party. But at least during the pope s visit, people seem willing to forgive.  I ll be up at 3 a.m. to queue. It s so emotional, just to see him on television makes me tearful,  said Francis Alvarez, a 59-year-old housewife, who hopes to attend the Mass in Villavicencio.  It will consolidate peace in this region that s been so forgotten.  ",1
20666,Singapore man and woman arrested for 'terrorism-related' activity,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Police in Singapore have arrested a man suspected of planning to join Islamic State-linked fighters in the Philippines and a woman who was in contact with foreign militants, the government said on Thursday. Singapore, regarded as the most stable country in Southeast Asia, has become increasingly concerned about the risks of radicalization among its Muslim minority. At least 14 radicalized Singaporeans have been put under restriction or detention orders under a tough internal security law since 2015, up sharply from 11 cases between 2007 and 2014, the government said in June. The man arrested was identified as Imran Kassim, 34. The Ministry of Home Affairs said he had tried to make his way to Syria to join Islamic State fighters at least twice, and had been prepared to attack members of the Singaporean armed forces. More recently, he had intended to join militants who seized control of Marawi City in Philippines this year, the ministry said in a press release. Imran s arrest came as a result of information given to police by  people close to him . Authorities have mounted a campaign to encourage family members, friends and neighbors to report on anyone they fear was in danger of becoming radicalized. The woman who was arrested was identified as Shakirah Begam binte Abdul Wahab, a 23-year old administrative assistant. The ministry said she had been in contact with several foreign fighters since 2013.   Shakirah has demonstrated a propensity to engage in risky behavior which renders her vulnerable to adverse influence and recruitment by terrorists who belong to a group that poses a security threat to Singapore , the ministry said. She was put under a restriction order, which means suspects are monitored and their movements are restricted. A child care worker arrested in June is the only Singaporean woman to have been placed in custody under the Internal Security Act, which allows for detention without trial. An auxiliary policeman who was suspected of becoming radicalized was also arrested in June. ",1
20667,Rohingya say their village is lost to Myanmar's spiraling conflict," (Story refiles to add dropped word  not , in paragraph 10, in the September 7th story) By Simon Lewis KUTAPALONG, Bangladesh (Reuters) - The villagers said the soldiers came first, firing indiscriminately. Then came civilians, accompanying the soldiers, to loot and burn. Now in Bangladesh, 20 Muslims and Hindus gave interviews in which they recounted how they were forced out of their village of Kha Maung Seik in Myanmar s Rakhine State on Aug. 25.  The military brought some Rakhine Buddhists with them and torched the village,  said Kadil Hussein, 55.  All the Muslims in our village, about 10,000, fled. Some were killed by gunshots, the rest came here. There s not a single person left.  Hussein is staying with hundreds of other new arrivals at the Kutapalong refugee settlement, already home to thousands of Rohingya who fled earlier. Nearly 150,000 Rohingya have arrived in Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army launched attacks on security forces in Rakhine State. Reuters interviewed villagers from Kha Maung Seik and neighboring hamlets, who described killings and the burning of homes in the military response to the insurgent attacks. Reuters has been unable to verify their accounts. Access to the area has been restricted since October, when the same insurgent group attacked police posts, killing nine. Myanmar says its forces are in a fight against  terrorists . State media has accused Rohingya militants of burning villages and killing civilians of all religions. Myanmar does not recognize the 1.1 million Rohingya as citizens, labeling them illegal immigrants from Bangladesh.  The refugees from Kha Maung Seik, and from numerous other villages across the north of Rakhine State, say Myanmar forces and ethnic Rakhine Buddhists are intent on forcing them out. One refugee, Body Alom, 28, said he hid in forest with thousands of others when the soldiers arrived. He waited for hours before emerging to look for his family. He says he saw corpses in paddy fields, and eventually found his mother and brother dead with gunshot wounds. Two other villagers said they saw bodies in the fields.  It wasn t safe, so I just left them,  he said.  I had no chance to give them a burial.  A military official denied that Buddhist civilians were working with authorities and instead accused Muslims of attacking other communities.  The military arrived at the village later but did not find any bodies,  said the military source, who declined to be identified as he is not authorized to speak to media. Another military source in the state capital, Sittwe, said Kha Maung Seik was in the conflict zone and clear information about what happened had yet to emerge. The main village of Kha Maung Seik was home to a mixed community, with Rohingya Muslims in the majority along with about 6,000 Rakhine Buddhists, Hindus and others. The village is known to the Rohingya as Foira Bazar for its market of about 1,000 shops where everyone did business. But relations have been strained for some time. A government plan to grant Hindus citizenship, violence in the state in 2012 and October, and an identity card scheme that the Rohingya rejected as it implied they were foreign, all contributed to tension, the refugees said. Since October, more soldiers were posted near the village, with border police. Patrols went house-to-house arresting anyone suspected of having militant links, they said. Abu Kalam, 31, showed Reuters welts on his back, arms and legs, and what he said were cigarette burns on his arms. He said he was detained by the military last month, before the attacks, as he was working in his vegetable patch with a knife.  After October, the military told us not to have knives. When they saw me using one they arrested me,  he said, adding he was kept in a barracks for six days.  They regularly tortured me, asking  are you connected with al-Yaqin? ,  he said, using another name for the rebels. Villagers in Kha Maung Seik say they heard shooting at 2 a.m. on Aug. 25. A military source in Maungdaw town and two Muslim residents said militants attacked a police post near the village that night. According to the military source, the rebels attacked with grenades then turned their attention to a Hindu neighborhood. Four Rohingya villagers separately gave Reuters accounts of how, at about 5 a.m., soldiers entered the village, firing indiscriminately. Thousands fled.  I was at the front of a big group running for cover, but I looked back and could see people at the back getting shot,  said Abul Hussein, 28. Later, grenades and mortar bombs were fired into the forest, according to Hussein and three other villagers.  I saw a mortar hit a group of people. Some died on the spot,  he said. From the forest, residents watched military and civilians loot and burn houses. Civilians helped gather bodies, according to Body Alom and two other villagers.  They collected the bodies, searching for belongings,  said Body Alom.  They took money, clothes, cows, everything. Then they burned the houses.  Members of Myanmar s small Hindu community seem to have been caught in the middle. The military source said some Hindus from Kha Maung Seik were unaccounted after the militant attack. A group of Hindu women refugees in Kutapalong said they saw eight Hindu men killed by Buddhist Rakhines after they refused to attack Muslims.  They asked my husband to join them to kill Rohingya but he refused, so they killed him,  said Anika Bala, 15. Six months pregnant, she said Muslims helped her get to Bangladesh. After seeing their homes burned, Kha Maung Seik s Muslim leaders decided it was too dangerous to stay.  We thought we might be able to return and live with other types of people,  said Mohammed Zubair, 30, assistant to the village chairman.   But we realized that s not possible.  About 100 men decided to stay and fight, Body Alom said.   One said to me  If I have to die, I will die here .  ",1
20668,"Hurricane, storm surge warnings issued for Florida ahead of Irma: NHC","(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms in half a century, has triggered hurricane and storm surge warnings for south Florida and the Florida Keys, the U.S. National Hurricane Center (NHC) said on Thursday. Irma, which is about 585 miles (940 km) east-southeast of Miami, Florida, packing maximum sustained winds of 165 miles per hour (270 kph), will continue to bring life-threatening wind, storm surge, and rainfall hazards to the Turks and Caicos Islands and the Bahamas through Saturday, the NHC said. Irma should maintain a west-northwestward trajectory but slow down during the next 36 hours, it added. ",1
20669,Hurricane Irma kills five as it sweeps through island of Saint Martin,"AMSTERDAM/PARIS (Reuters) - Hurricane Irma has killed at least five people and left a trail of destruction on the part-French, part-Dutch Caribbean island of Saint Martin, government officials in France and the Netherlands said on Thursday. Packing winds of around 175 mph (290 kph), the storm lashed several small islands in the northeast Caribbean, including St  Martin and St Barthelemy, tearing down trees, flattening homes and causing widespread damage. French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe on Thursday said four bodies had been recovered on the French side of the island, revising down an earlier death toll.  The death toll is still uncertain because clearing operations are under way,  Philippe told a news conference at a crisis centre in Paris. About 50 people have been injured.  There is considerable damage,  Philippe said, adding that local authorities in Saint Martin said 95 percent of the houses there had been damaged, and 60 percent were uninhabitable.  There is no electricity, no drinkable water, gasoline is unavailable.  Philippe said the government would on Friday declare a state of emergency, facilitating insurance compensation. Government officials in the Netherlands said the hurricane had caused enormous devastation on the Dutch side of the island, killing one person and injuring several others. The Dutch navy, which has two ships stationed off the coast, tweeted images gathered by helicopter showing damaged houses, hotels and boats. Sint Maarten, as it is known in Dutch, is an independent nation within the Kingdom of the Netherlands with a population of around 40,000 people, about the same as on the French side of the island. Images of the Dutch side s Juliana Airport showed the landing strips appeared intact, although the navy said the airport was unreachable for now. ",1
20670,U.S. airlines scramble to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Irma,"(Reuters) - Airlines were racing against the clock to clear as many customers as possible from the likely Florida path of Hurricane Irma, as social and political pressure mounted for carriers to play a bigger role in aiding evacuations. As the powerful storm threatened to rip through the Florida coast by Sunday, airlines ramped up the number of flights available out of south Florida airports, where operations were likely to temporarily cease through the weekend and beyond.  But flights out of the area remained extremely limited. At Miami International Airport, many outbound flights were canceled, leaving residents scrambling to rebook to anywhere outside the path of the storm.  American Airlines, which has one of the larger operations in south Florida, said on Thursday it had added 16 flights out of Miami, amid more than 2,400 forced cancellations through Monday. Delta Air Lines Inc said it had upsized aircraft and added flights to increase the number of available outgoing seats by 2,000. United Airlines added six flights out of Miami to its hubs, including Newark, New Jersey, and Chicago O Hare. All three carriers said they planned to mostly wind down south Florida operations by Friday evening. In areas already pummeled by the powerful storm, flight operations had been rolled back and halted altogether.  A Delta-operated flight from New York to San Juan, Puerto Rico, and back, made headlines for narrowly avoiding the storm in a mission to evacuate another plane-full of passengers from the area ahead of Irma s landfall.  Flight-tracking website FlightRadar24.com saw the plane land for one last departure in the U.S. territory located squarely in the path of Irma s landfall, fill with passengers, and make its successful flight back to New York on Wednesday. Other airlines had already ceased operations in the region. PRICE-GOUGING  As residents sought to secure last-minute flights out of the dangerous Category 5 storm s path, airlines faced accusations of trying to capitalize on the panic and chaos by price gouging.   Under pressure from some members of Congress following social media reports, airlines have taken the unusual step of publicly announcing price caps on tickets out of areas in Irma s course. Early on, carrier JetBlue capped flights out of the area at $99, and other carriers followed suit, capping fares at between $99 and $399 a ticket.  But while airlines offered some cheap flights out of south Florida after complaints, passengers said that did little good if all the flights were fully booked or canceled.                         Medical student Eric Slabaugh said he was dismayed by ticket prices over $2,000 when he started looking for flights earlier this week. He got a ticket to Detroit for $700, he said,  because nobody wants to go there.                          Publix can t charge $50 for a case of water without getting accused of price gouging, but airlines can charge 50 times the price of a normal ticket. I don t think that s fair,  Slabaugh said. Airlines  customer service practices have come under fire in recent months, and just last year, U.S. carriers were cleared in a federal investigation regarding exorbitant fare mark-ups in the wake of a deadly Amtrak derailment that drove up demand for air travel on some routes.  Senator Bill Nelson, a Florida Democrat who had been pressuring airlines to aid in evacuating Florida residents, spoke with airline executives on Thursday and urged them to add more flight outs of Florida.   His office said Nelson is  pleased  airlines were doing everything they could to  help get impacted Floridians to safety.  The Federal Aviation Administration is holding twice daily phone calls with airlines to talk about airport conditions, but does not plan to close the Miami airport on Friday, officials said. Airlines are still planning for airport closures, however, and said they expect their operations to be impacted in the region at least through the weekend.  Also affected by the storm, Carnival Cruise Lines, which has major operations out of Florida ports, said on Thursday it had canceled four of its Caribbean cruises, though it still planned to operate several more under modified itineraries. ",1
20671,Six farmers killed in apparent land dispute in Peru's Amazon,"LIMA (Reuters) - Six farmers were shot dead in the Peruvian Amazon by a group of masked men in an apparent dispute over land rights, a police officer and a tribal leader said on Thursday. Five bodies, one with hands and feet bound, had been thrown in a river and a sixth was found by the side of an unpaved road in the jungle region Ucayali, police officer Raul Huari said. The victims were part of a community of peasant farmers that had refused to leave the lands they work on when pressured by oil palm growers, said Robert Guimaraes, the head of an indigenous federation in Ucayali. Witnesses testified that a group of between 30 and 40 men carrying shotguns tried to kill some 20 farmers altogether, Huari said.  They said they showed up, surrounded them and just started shooting. Fortunately, some managed to escape,  he said.  In my 24 years of working I ve never seen anything like this.  Huari said the murders appeared to be linked to a land dispute, and a special police unit and prosecutors were carrying out investigations. The murders occurred on Sept. 1, marking the three-year anniversary of the killing of four indigenous activists who had faced threats from loggers in a different part of Ucayali. After the 2014 murders, which came as Peru was hosting a global environmental summit, the government promised to do more to protect remote Amazonian villages that often lack land titles from violent clashes with squatters. Guimaraes said native communities continue to face violent threats in Ucayali and that no one has been convicted for the 2014 murders. Peru s culture and interior ministries did not respond to requests for comment. The native Shipibo community of Santa Clara de Uchunya, which lives near where the farmers killed, has tried to repel oil palm growers from their lands for years, said Guimaraes. ",1
20672,Hurricane Irma kills four in U.S. Virgin islands: government,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma killed four people in the U.S. Virgin Islands and caused widespread damage to infrastructure, including to a major hospital, a government spokesman said on Thursday.  We are not sanguine that there aren t more (dead),  spokesman Lonnie Soury said by telephone from New York. He said that Governor Kenneth Mapp had spoken to U.S. President Donald Trump who pledged strong federal government support in responding to the crisis. ",1
20673,Uganda in anti-online pornography drive seen by critics as diversion,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Uganda is launching a drive against online pornography that critics condemn as a diversion from deeper problems of graft, unemployment and crumbling social services facing President Yoweri Museveni. The campaign is the latest salvo in a culture war between  conservatives fighting what they see as foreign moral influences promoting criminality and a more liberal, often younger population.   This is an invasion, it s Western culture,  said Simon Lokodo, a 59-year-old Catholic priest who serves as minister of ethics and integrity.  Over consumption of pornography ... the consequences are very dire,  he told Reuters this week.  The government had released 2 billion shillings ($556,000) to his office to combat online pornography. Some money would go to pornography-blocking software, he said.  Some Ugandans expressed anger at the cost of the ban, saying it served only to divert public attention from failures of President Museveni s government. Critics of Museveni, who has ruled for 31 years, say he presides over widespread corruption and human rights abuses.  Parliament is considering a removing a constitutional age cap to allow Museveni to serve longer. He is also widely considered to be grooming his son, a presidential adviser and the former commander of an elite military unit, to succeed him.  Andrew Karamagi, a rights activist and lawyer in Kampala, said he could not understand government obsession with  what people watch, who sleeps with whom, how and when , while it struggled to fund social services such as hospitals and schools. Uganda s only radiotherapy machine broke down last year and hasn t been replaced due to funding shortages. Drug shortages are common in public hospitals where and in dilapidated public schools poorly-paid teachers often don t show up for class.   The regime ... does not have the moral authority to combat pornography,  Karamagi said.  They are themselves an obscenity.   ",1
20674,Pope says Colombia must confront inequality to secure lasting peace,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Thursday urged Colombians to shun vengeance after a bloody 50-year civil war but said leaders had to enact laws to end the  darkness  of injustice and social inequality that breeds violence. At the last event of a packed day, the Argentine pontiff said Mass for a crowd estimated by Colombian authorities at just over a million people in Bogota s sprawling Simon Bolivar Park. Under a light drizzle, he ended the day as he had begun it, urging Colombians in his homily to put their differences behind them and beware  the darkness of thirst for vengeance . Hours earlier, at the start of his first full day in the country, he had told government leaders in the courtyard of the presidential palace that all Colombians should see peace as a long-term commitment and not allow it to be weakened by partisan politics. Colombians are deeply polarized as they prepare to receive 7,000 former fighters of the FARC guerrilla group into society and aim to repair divisions after a war that killed more than 220,000 people and displaced millions over five decades. Many Colombians are furious that under the 2016 peace deal, FARC leaders accused of kidnapping and murder will avoid jail and may receive seats in congress as members of a political party. President Juan Manuel Santos, who attended both events and is the architect of the peace accord, has an approval rating of about 24 percent. In both speeches, Francis denounced the social inequality that still plagues Colombia, which has extreme poverty in some rural areas. At the morning event, he told leaders that  just laws  were needed to  resolve the structural causes of poverty that lead to exclusion and violence , calling social inequality  the root of social ills.  In the evening the leader of the world s Roman Catholics  told Colombians huddled on wet fields:  Here, as in other places, there is a thick darkness which threatens and destroys life - the darkness of injustice and social inequality.  As part of the peace agreement, the government agreed with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) to distribute more land to poor rural communities and to invest and bring development to war-torn areas. The FARC, which began as a peasant revolt in 1964, has also pledged to help subsistence farmers switch from illegal crops like coca, the raw material that makes cocaine, to food.  We want to hear the message of love and peace, so that we open our hearts and leave hatred behind,  said 54-year-old William Soacha, a clothes salesman, waiting with his family under the rain for the pope s Mass to begin. The 80-year-old pope, who showed signs of fatigue by Thursday night, has received a tumultuous welcome since his arrival on Wednesday, with his motorcade having to stop or slow down often because of crowds mobbing the  popemobile . In his speech at the presidential palace, the pope quoted from the 1982 Nobel Prize acceptance speech of Colombian writer Gabriel Garcia Marquez about life and love being the proper response to oppression. In an apparent reference to the late author s best-known work,  One Hundred Years of Solitude , he added:   There has been too much hatred and vengeance. The solitude of always being at loggerheads has been familiar for decades, and its smell has lingered for a hundred years; we do not want any type of violence whatsoever to restrict or destroy one more life,  he said. He also prayed in the colonial cathedral before a painting of Our Lady of Chiquinquira, the patron saint of overwhelmingly Catholic Colombia, before addressing a raucous crowd of young people.  He left a message in the cathedral s visitor book, writing:  I come here as a witness of peace, of the peace that God wants for Colombia. This will be possible with the efforts of all.  He will visit the cities of Villavicencio, Medellin and Cartagena before leaving for Rome on Sunday night. ",1
20675,Victims of Colombia's civil war seek healing from pope,"VILLAVICENCIO (Reuters) - Blanca Real traveled 17 hours by canoe and bus from Colombia s eastern plains to listen to a message of peace by Pope Francis, in the hope he can heal her pain decades after she and her family survived a massacre.  Real, 44, is one of thousands of victims of Colombia s half-century of conflict that will seek blessings and guidance from the pontiff on Friday during his visit to the rural town of Villavicencio. The Argentine pope, leader of the world s Roman Catholics, is visiting Colombia with a message of national reconciliation, as the country tries to heal the wounds left by the conflict and deep polarization over a peace deal agreed last year. After visiting the capital Bogota on Wednesday and Thursday, Francis will travel to Villavicencio, where he will lead a prayer event with some 6,000 victims from around the Andean nation.  Villavicencio, a mid-sized city and the capital of the cattle ranching province of Meta in central Colombia, is ringed by vast plains which until recently were host to combat between leftist guerrilla groups and right-wing paramilitaries.  It will be comforting to get rid of this pain that we ve suffered for so many years,  said Real, who survived a 1998 paramilitary massacre in Puerto Alvira, Meta province and was later displaced from her farm by rebels from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC). Paramilitary groups, which officially demobilized back in 2006 but remain active across Colombia, were formed in the 1990s as private security forces to protect wealthy cattle ranchers and landowners from the FARC.  But they soon morphed into cruel drug-trafficking armies that massacred communities as they battled the FARC for territory.    If I don t forgive and take away the pain I have in my heart, I will never be able to be happy,  said Real, who lost friends among the 18 killed in the massacre. A small group of victims and perpetrators - including civilians, former guerrillas and soldiers - are scheduled to speak at the event. Violence between the rebels, paramilitaries and armed forces has killed more than 220,000 people and displaced millions more. Other victims said that, despite the papal visit, there remained challenges.  For my wounds to heal, to forgive these people, they need to stop hurting me, but they continue to do things in my area,  said Ana Delia Cundumi, head of a victims  group from the southeastern jungle province of Guaviare.  We are still seeing blood spilled in our land because of these people,  she said.  We are still threatened.   Francis has staunchly supported the peace deal between the government and the FARC, but delayed his visit to Colombia until implementation was in full swing. The FARC has now disarmed and converted into a political party. Remaining rebel group the National Liberation Army (ELN), founded by radical Roman Catholic priests in 1964, is in peace talks with the government. The two sides announced a bilateral ceasefire this week, set to last at least into January 2018.   ",1
20676,Venezuelan bishops tell pope of 'truly desperate' situation,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Venezuela s Roman Catholic Church leaders said on Thursday they would tell Pope Francis of the  truly desperate  humanitarian crisis in their country at a meeting they hoped would throw a spotlight on problems caused by political deadlock. The Argentine pontiff is visiting Colombia and had asked bishops from neighboring Venezuela to meet with him and brief him on the situation. The short meeting took place after the pope s Mass on Thursday night. Cardinal Jorge Urosa Savino, the archbishop of Caracas, told reporters ahead of the meeting that his country was mired in  a truly desperate situation. There are people who eat garbage and there are people who die because there is no medicine.   We want to remind the pope of this again ... because the government is doing everything possible to establish a state system, totalitarian and Marxist,  Urosa said. On Wednesday, Francis told reporters he hoped Venezuela could find stability.  Venezuela has been convulsed by months of near-daily demonstrations against leftist President Nicolas Maduro, who critics say has plunged the oil-rich country into the worst economic crisis in its history and is turning it into a dictatorship. Maduro has said that he is the victim of an  armed insurrection  and an  economic war  by U.S.-backed opponents seeking to gain control of the OPEC member s oil reserves. World bodies and foreign governments have expressed concern about the shortage of food and medicine in Venezuela and called for political dialogue between Maduro and the opposition. Church leaders in Venezuela have made a series of highly critical speeches since late last year. The Vatican mediated in talks between the government and opposition in 2016 that ultimately broke down. Venezuela s crisis has also sparked an increase in border crossings to Colombia, which is struggling to supply social services for the migrants.   This meeting is a real gift that the pope is giving to all of the Venezuelan people through the bishops who are here,  said the archbishop of Merida, Cardinal Baltazar Porras Cardozo. ",1
20677,Trump: 'Sad day' for North Korea if U.S. takes military action,"WASHINGTON/BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he would prefer not to use military action against North Korea to counter its nuclear and missile threat but that if he did it would be a  very sad day  for the leadership in Pyongyang. Trump again pointedly declined to rule out a U.S. military response following North Korea s sixth and most powerful nuclear test as his administration seeks increased economic sanctions, saying Pyongyang was  behaving badly and it s got to stop.   Military action would certainly be an option. Is it inevitable? Nothing is inevitable,  Trump said during a news conference. I would prefer not going the route of the military,  Trump said.  If we do use it on North Korea, it will be a very sad day for North Korea.  Even as Trump has insisted that now is not the time to talk to North Korea, senior members of his administration have made clear that the door to a diplomatic solution remains open, especially given the U.S. assessment that any pre-emptive strike would unleash massive North Korean retaliation. While Trump talked tough on North Korea, China agreed on Thursday that the United Nations should take more action against Pyongyang but also kept pushing for dialogue to help resolve the standoff. North Korea, which is pursuing its nuclear and missile program in defiance of international condemnation, said it would respond to any new U.N. sanctions and U.S. pressure with  powerful counter measures , accusing the United States of aiming for war. The United States wants the U.N. Security Council to impose an oil embargo on North Korea, ban its exports of textiles and the hiring of North Korean laborers abroad, and to subject leader Kim Jong Un to an asset freeze and travel ban, according to a draft resolution seen by Reuters on Wednesday. Pressure from Washington has ratcheted up since North Korea conducted its nuclear test on Sunday. That test, along with a series of missile launches, showed it was close to achieving its goal of developing a powerful nuclear weapon that could reach the United States.  Given the new developments on the Korean peninsula, China agrees that the U.N. Security Council should make a further response and take necessary measures,  Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told reporters.  Any new actions taken by the international community against the DPRK should serve the purpose of curbing the DPRK s nuclear and missile programs, while at the same time be conducive to restarting dialogue and consultation,  he said, referring to North Korea by the initials of its official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. China is by far North Korea s biggest trading partner, accounting for 92 percent of two-way trade last year. It also provides hundreds of thousands of tonnes of oil and fuel to the impoverished regime. Trump has urged China to do more to rein in its neighbor, which was typically defiant on Thursday.  We will respond to the barbaric plotting around sanctions and pressure by the United States with powerful counter measures of our own,  North Korea said in a statement by its delegation to an economic forum in Vladivostok, in Russia s Far East. A U.N. Security Council diplomat said the U.S. draft was  the  cutting room floor  resolution, it s everything  and that Russia had questioned what leverage it would leave the Security Council if North Korea continued to conduct nuclear and ballistic missile testing.    Russia and China are not on board with the content of the resolution,  the diplomat said, speaking on condition of anonymity. The United States has said it wants the draft resolution to be voted on Monday. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and South Korean President Moon Jae-in spoke in Vladivostok and agreed to try to persuade China and Russia to cut off oil to North Korea as much as possible, according to South Korean officials. North Korea accused South Korea and Japan of  dirty politics.  North Korea says it needs its weapons to protect itself from U.S. aggression. South Korea and the United States are technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty. While successive U.S. administrations have insisted they will never recognize North Korea as a nuclear-armed state,  Trump declined to answer a question on Thursday on whether he would accept a situation where Pyongyang would be deterred and contained from using its nuclear arsenal, saying he did not want to disclose his negotiating strategy. A senior U.S. official said afterwards it was unclear whether the Cold War-era deterrence model that Washington used with the Soviet Union could be applied to a rogue state like North Korea. The official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said there was grave risk that North Korea could  miscalculate  the U.S. response to its weapons testing and warned Pyongyang not to under-estimate Washington s resolve. South Korea installed the four remaining launchers of a U.S. anti-missile Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system on a former golf course south of its capital, Seoul, early on Thursday. Two launchers had already been deployed. More than 30 people were hurt when about 8,000 police broke up a blockade near the site by about 300 villagers and members of civic groups opposed to the deployment, fire officials said. The deployment has drawn strong objections from China, which believes the system s radar could be used to look deeply into its territory and will upset the regional security balance. Mexico on Thursday said it had declared the North Korean ambassador persona non grata in protest at the country s nuclear tests and gave him 72 hours to leave the country, an unusually firm step that moved it closely into line with Washington.  North Korea s nuclear activity is a serious risk for international peace and security and represents a growing threat to nations in the region, including fundamental allies of Mexico like Japan and South Korea,  the Mexican government said.  However, an official at the Mexican foreign ministry noted that President Enrique Pena Nieto s government was not breaking diplomatic ties with North Korea. ",1
20678,Mexico expels North Korean ambassador over nuclear tests,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The Mexican government on Thursday said it had declared the North Korean ambassador to Mexico persona non grata in protest at the country s nuclear tests, an unusually firm step that moved it closely into line with Washington. In a statement, the government said it had given Kim Hyong Gil 72 hours to leave Mexico in order to express its  absolute rejection  of North Korea s recent nuclear activity, describing it as a grave threat to the region and the world. Mexico has traditionally sought to steer clear of diplomatic ructions, but in the past few months it has adopted robust language to condemn the governments of Venezuela and North Korea as they descended into increasing international isolation. Facing a rocky relationship with U.S. President Donald Trump due to his threats to tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), Mexico has backed him diplomatically on issues that imply no great political cost for the government.  North Korea s nuclear activity is a serious risk for international peace and security and represents a growing threat to nations in the region, including fundamental allies of Mexico like Japan and South Korea,  the Mexican government said. Mexico s step follows a tide of international condemnation of North Korea for repeated missile launches in recent weeks that intensified again following a nuclear test on Sunday. An official at the Mexican foreign ministry noted, however, that President Enrique Pena Nieto s government was not breaking diplomatic ties with North Korea. ",1
20679,"Trump may have to settle for deterring, not disarming, North Korea","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump, like his predecessors, may find that neither negotiations nor economic and military pressure can force North Korea to abandon its nuclear program, and that the United States has no choice but to try to contain it and deter North Korean leader Kim Jong Un from ever using a nuclear weapon. North Korea conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 2, describing it as an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile, a dramatic escalation of its stand-off with the United States and its allies. U.S. officials declined to discuss operational planning, but acknowledge that no existing plan for a preemptive strike could promise to prevent a brutal counterattack by North Korea, which has thousands of artillery pieces and rockets trained on Seoul. In an implicit recognition that the military options against the North are unpalatable at best and pyrrhic at worst, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis last week told reporters:  We are never out of diplomatic solutions.  U.S. and Asian officials believe it is necessary to try negotiations and more economic pressure but concede these are unlikely to curb, let alone eliminate, the nuclear and missile programs that North Korean considers essential to its survival. That leaves Washington and its allies in South Korea, Japan and elsewhere with an unwelcome question: Is there any way to live with a nuclear-armed North Korea, one that is contained and deterred from using its nuclear weaponry? Trump declined to answer that question at a news conference on Thursday, saying he would not disclose his negotiating strategy publicly and adding it would be a  very sad day  for North Korea if the U.S. military settles the matter.   Military action would certainly be an option. Is it inevitable? Nothing is inevitable,  Trump said.  Still, a senior Trump administration official said it is unclear whether the Cold War-era deterrence model that Washington used with the Soviet Union could be applied to a rogue state like North Korea, adding:  I don t think the president wants to take that chance.   We are very concerned that North Korea might not be able to be deterred,  the official said, speaking to reporters on condition of anonymity shortly after Trump s remarks. Among the U.S. options to strengthen its deterrent is the long-planned modernization of America s aging nuclear forces that would assure that North Korea would be destroyed if it fired a nuclear-tipped missile at the United States, a U.S. military base, Japan, or South Korea. Another is stepped-up investment in U.S. missile defenses, particularly testing, research and development of technologies that could defeat a significant number of incoming missiles. Both steps would need to avoid triggering new arms races with Beijing and Moscow, experts say. Another factor weighing on Pentagon planners is their readiness for a major conventional conflict after 16 years of war in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria and elsewhere. There has been no sign the White House, which has been cool to the idea of talks and hopes pressure can change the North s calculus, is ready to settle for a containment strategy. Despite pessimism about talks, a U.S. official speaking on condition of anonymity said there was a chance that economic pressure, especially from China, combined with an agreement to negotiate could convince Pyongyang to limit its nuclear arsenal or even sign the 1996 Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty.  Signing the CTBT would given the North tacit admission to the nuclear club but end its testing program,  the official said.  That, along with assured destruction, might be the best that could be done.  The remaining question, however, is whether Trump would be willing to settle for that.  Discipline and steadiness are not words one usually uses in a sentence that also has the name Donald Trump,  said Robert Einhorn, a former State Department official who negotiated with North Korea and is now at the Brookings Institution think tank.  Would he over time recognize that he may have no choice?  Frank Jannuzi, president of the Mansfield Foundation, which promotes U.S.-Asia relations, is more optimistic.  Does he have the patience to manage a difficult process of deterrence and containment against the (North) rather than doing something impulsive? I think so,  he said.  Some of his deals have taken years to come to fruition.  ",1
20680,EPA chief says ready to further relax fuel standards due to hurricanes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is preparing for Hurricane Irma s landfall on the U.S. East Coast by securing vulnerable toxic waste sites and easing gasoline standards to ensure steady fuel supplies, its chief told Reuters on Thursday. EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt declined to say whether he believed claims by scientists that the second powerful storm to affect the United States in two weeks may have a link to warmer air and water temperatures resulting from climate change.  The most we can do is help people in these areas by monitoring drinking water and respond to real and tangible issues,  he said in a brief telephone interview. Hurricane Irma is expected to make landfall in Florida as early as Friday after slamming Caribbean islands with 185 mph winds, only days after Hurricane Harvey triggered record flooding in Texas that killed scores of people. The EPA said has issued waivers on certain federal requirements for the sale, production and blending of gasoline to avoid supply shortfalls in the aftermath of Harvey and as Hurricane Irma approaches Florida. Pruitt said he spoke with Florida Governor Rick Scott about potentially issuing more waivers on gasoline requirements if the need arises after Irma.  EPA will grant additional waivers if requested,  he said. He said the agency is also evaluating 80 Superfund toxic waste sites from Florida to North Carolina to identify those at risk of flooding. The EPA has yet to finish assessing the impact of Harvey on Texas Superfund sites - heavily contaminated former industrial zones - amid widespread flooding. On Saturday, the agency said 13 sites were flooded or damaged, but the full impact on surrounding areas was not immediately clear. Pruitt said the agency is also continuing to seek additional information about explosions last week at French chemical company Arkema s  flooded plant in Crosby, Texas, which sickened more than a dozen law enforcement personnel and prompted an evacuation of the surrounding area. ",1
20681,Trump offers to mediate talks on Qatar crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday said he would be willing to step in and mediate the worst dispute in decades among the U.S.-allied Arab states and Qatar, and said he thinks a deal could come quickly.  If I can help mediate between Qatar and, in particular, the UAE and Saudi Arabia, I would be willing to do so, and I think you would have a deal worked out very quickly,  Trump said at a joint news conference with Kuwaiti Emir Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Jaber al-Sabah. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar on June 5, suspending air and shipping routes with the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas, which is home to the region s biggest U.S. military base. The nations say Doha supports regional foe Iran and Islamists, charges Qatar s leaders deny. Kuwait has been trying to mediate the dispute.  What is important is that we have stopped any military action,  Sheikh Sabah said. While both sides in the dispute have ruled out the use of armed force, some ordinary Qataris have said they worry about the possibility of military action, given the ferocity of the criticism their country has received from media in the four Arab states. Sheikh Sabah said he had received a letter from Qatar that expressed willingness to discuss a list of 13 demands from its neighbors.  We know that not all of these 13 demands are acceptable,  Sheikh Sabah said, referring specifically to issues that affected Qatari sovereignty.  A great part of them will be resolved,  he said. For its part, Doha said Trump had called Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani to discuss mediation efforts. Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani told Al Jazeera TV that any mediation had to come  without conditions , reiterating that Doha would not negotiate while transport links with neighbors remained cut. The Arab powers responded with a joint statement accusing Qatar of putting preconditions on negotiations which it said showed a lack of seriousness in resolving the dispute. The four countries reiterated an accusation that Qatar continued to finance terrorism and interfere in the internal affairs of other countries. Qatari officials have repeatedly said the demands are so draconian that they suspect the four countries never seriously intended to negotiate them, and were instead seeing to hobble Doha s sovereignty. At the same time, they have said Qatar is interested in negotiating a fair and just solution to  any legitimate issues  of concern to fellow Gulf Cooperation Council member states. The joint statement praised what the countries called Trump s firm assertion that the only way to resolve the crisis was by stopping the support and financing of terrorism  and his unwillingness to resolve the crisis unless this is achieved . They expressed regret about the Kuwaiti emir s comment about stopping military intervention.  The military option was not and will not be (used) in any circumstance,  the statement said. ",1
20682,Togo forces fire tear gas to disperse Gnassingbe opponents,"LOME (Reuters) - Togo security forces fired tear gas at hundreds of anti-government protesters carrying out a late night sit-in at an intersection in central Lome as part of a bid to end the 50-year-old Gnassingbe family dynasty, witnesses said on Thursday. The move to disperse the crowds comes after two days of mass country-wide protests involving tens of thousands of people that have amounted to the biggest challenge to Faure Gnassingbe s rule since he succeeded his late father 12 years ago. In the past, security forces have violently suppressed protests, killing at least two people during an opposition march in August and hundreds after the contested election in which Gnassingbe took power in 2005. But up until late on Thursday, police officers armed with  batons had watched passively at protesters wearing the red, pink and orange T-shirts of the opposition, who danced and blew whistles as they wound through the streets of the capital Lome. It was not immediately clear how the opposition would respond to the security forces  intervention with tear gas late on Thursday. The head of the main ANC opposition party, Jean-Pierre Fabre, had earlier pledged to remain seated on the tarmac of the Dekon crossroads until Gnassingbe left power.  We want the end of this 50-year-old Gnassingbe regime. Enough is enough,  Kodjo Amana, a 42-year-old baker, shouted over a chanting crowd earlier in the day. The protests in the West African country of 8 million people have proceeded despite widespread reports of network outages confirmed by non-governmental organization Internet Without Borders. Other African incumbents in Gabon and Cameroon have used network cuts to control criticism and suppress protests at sensitive times. Residents said that text messages had also been blocked on Thursday. The communications minister could not be reached for comment, although another minister said earlier this week that the cuts had been carried out for security reasons.    The president s father Gnassingbe Eyadema seized power in a coup in 1967, a few years after the territory known as  French Togoland  that was once in German hands became independent from colonial power France. The current president this week sought to appease opponents by tabling a draft bill to reform the constitution and reintroduce a two-term limit that his father scrapped in 2002. But opposition leaders are skeptical about the implementation of the reforms that the government has stalled on for more than a decade and Prime Minister Komi Selom Klassou confirmed on Thursday that the term limits would not apply retroactively. That could mean that Gnassingbe, 51 and currently in his third term, could remains in power for two more mandates from the next election, until 2030. Gnassingbe sent a Tweet from his official account on Thursday, saying that he had met with the U.N. Special Representative for West Africa and the Sahel, Mohammed Ibn Chambas, on the subject of reforms. A spokesman for the latter confirmed the meeting without elaborating on its content. State TV said Thursday evening that parliament, which still needs to approve the bill, will meet for an emergency session on September 12. However, if the protests resume, analysts say Gnassingbe may find himself isolated amid growing criticism of autocratic rule in West Africa.  The president s position is very fragile and we do not think his peers in ECOWAS or his friends in Europe will help him if things get ugly,  said the head of research at NKC African Economics, Francois Conradie. Togo, a regional financial hub that aspires to be an African Singapore, is at odds with West African neighbors which mostly have laws restricting presidential mandates. The government, along with Gambia s, voted in 2015 against introducing them across the 15 members of the ECOWAS regional body which Gnassingbe currently chairs. Since then, Gambia s longtime leader Yahya Jammeh has been voted out of power. African rulers, notably in Rwanda, Burundi and Burkina Faso, have moved to drop term limits in recent years in order to remain in power. In some cases this has sparked strong opposition that has led to violent unrest; in others, leaders have been driven from power, as happened in Burkina Faso. ",1
20683,Germany's FDP party leader 'can't imagine' three-way coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Christian Lindner, leader of Germany s pro-business Free Democratic Party (FDP), distanced himself from a possible three-way coalition with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the pro-environment Greens after the Sept. 24 election. Lindner told German magazine Focus in an interview published Friday that he saw big hurdles to reaching agreement with the Greens on immigration and energy policies, reducing the prospects for a so-called Jamaica coalition of the conservatives, Greens and the FDP.   In the meantime, I can t imagine a Jamaica coalition,  Lindner told the magazine.  Merkel s conservatives were at 37 percent in the latest Infratest dimap poll, versus 21 percent for the Social Democrats (SPD), their lowest reading since early January. The anti-immigration, euro-hostile AfD came in unchanged at 11 percent, making it the third-strongest political force, followed by the radical Left party with 10 percent and the FDP at 9 percent, while the Greens scored 8 percent. The fractured political landscape could make it hard to form a viable alliance other than the current grand coalition between Merkel s CDU/CSU and the SPD.  Political experts say they are skeptical that the other possible option - the Jamaica coalition - could work, given significant differences between the parties and the fact that such an alliance has never been tested on the federal level. Lindner s comments to the magazine underscored the problems facing such a coalition.  Meanwhile, Sahra Wagenknecht, head of the radical Left party, signaled her willingness to compromise with the SPD to permit the possibility of a so-called  red, red, green  coalition among the SPD, Left and Greens.  Of course there can be compromises,  Wagenknecht told the RND chain of newspapers, citing labor law and inheritance taxes as possible areas where the Left party would be willing to make concessions. ",1
20684,Togo forces fire tear gas to disperse anti-government sit-in,"LOME (Reuters) - Security forces fired tear gas at hundreds of anti-government protesters carrying out a late night sit-in at an intersection in central Lome as part of a bid to force President Faure Gnassingbe to step aside, witnesses said on Thursday. The opposition chief said earlier that evening that they would remain seated on the tarmac of the Dekon crossroads until Gnassingbe, whose family has ruled for 50 years, left power. ",1
20685,"Trump says will discuss military issues, Qatar with Kuwait's emir","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said he would discuss trade and military issues with the emir of Kuwait at the White House on Thursday, as well as tensions over Qatar. Trump, welcoming Kuwait s Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Jaber al-Sabah to the White House, said Kuwait was helping the United States in the Gulf and things were  coming along nicely.  Kuwait has been trying to heal a bitter dispute between Qatar and four Arab countries, including Saudi Arabia, which say Doha supports regional foe Iran and Islamists, charges Qatar s leaders deny. ",1
20686,Florida cites complaints over Chevron gas prices as shortages mount,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said on Thursday her office had received 45 complaints of inflated prices at Chevron Corp branded gasoline stations in the southern part of the state, as shortages worsened ahead of Hurricane Irma s expected U.S. landfall this weekend. More than 1,800 gas stations - more than a quarter of the state s total - were without fuel late Thursday, up from 1,200 Wednesday, ahead of Irma, which is battering the Caribbean with winds at speeds of around 185 miles per hour (300 km per hour). The storm is expected to hit Florida on Sunday.  Gasoline prices in Florida have risen sharply in the last week, with the average cost of a regular gallon of gas hitting $2.725 on Thursday, according to motorists advocacy group AAA. Suppliers and terminal operators said demand has soared as motorists in coastal areas flee. Shortages were more acute in southern Florida, according to Gasbuddy.com. More than 40 percent of stations in the Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without fuel and around 30 percent were empty in the West Palm Beach-Fort Pierce areas, said Patrick DeHaan of Gasbuddy.com.  So Chevron, if you re watching me right now, you need to call us and tell us why your prices are inflated in south Florida,  Bondi said on Fox News.  Chevron has said several times this week it has no tolerance for price gouging at its stations. No retail outlets in Florida are directly owned by the company. The company reiterated that on Thursday, saying consumers should report price gouging to Bondi s office.   Our fuel supply agreements with independently owned Chevron and Texaco stations in the state and elsewhere require them to comply with all laws,  spokesman Braden Reddall said in a statement.   Port Everglades, the major point of fuel delivery for south Florida, is set to close Friday evening. At Tampa Bay, three ships made deliveries Thursday morning, unloading 1.2 million gallons each, said Samara Sodos, a spokeswoman for the port, adding that the port received five deliveries on Wednesday. One terminal operator, speaking on condition of anonymity, said his terminal typically loaded 25,000 to 30,000 barrels a day onto trucks every day, and expected to hit 40,000 to 45,000 on Thursday.  Concerns about shortages spread beyond Florida as Caribbean fuel terminals closed and residents began evacuating other coastal U.S. states, including Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina. Georgia said on Thursday it will close its ports Friday night because of Irma. ",1
20687,Egypt blocks Human Rights Watch website amid widespread media blockade,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt has blocked the website of Human Rights Watch just one day after the organization released a report on systematic torture in the country s jails. Reuters attempted to access the website late on Thursday but was unsuccessful.   Egyptian authorities keep insisting that any incidents of torture are isolated crimes by bad officers acting alone, but the Human Rights Watch report proves otherwise,  Joe Stork, deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch, said on Thursday.  The report titled  We Do Unreasonable Things Here , based on the accounts of 19 former detainees and the family of another, claimed Egyptian authorities used arbitrary arrests, enforced disappearances, and torture.   Rather than address the torture crisis in Egypt, the authorities have blocked access to a report that documents what many Egyptians and others living there already know.  Egypt s foreign ministry lambasted the report in a statement on Wednesday, saying it defamed the country and ignored progress made on human rights in recent years.  The report ... is a new episode in a series of deliberate defamation by such organization, whose politicized agenda and biases are well known and reflect the interests of the entities and countries sponsoring it,  said Foreign Ministry spokesman Ahmed Abu Zeid.  Egypt first blocked access to a number of news websites including Al Jazeera and Huffington Post Arabic in May after similar actions by its Gulf allies Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. But since, hundreds of other news sites and blogs have been wiped from Egyptian screens with the most recent count according to the Association for Freedom of Thought and Expression, a non-government organization tracking the affected sites through software that monitors outages, at 424. Journalists see the campaign against them as a step toward banning all but the most state-aligned media, effectively reversing the private media boom that flourished in the final decade of former president Hosni Mubarak s rule and which they say helped push him from power in 2011. The government has offered no comment on the reason behind the blockages. ",1
20688,Hurricane Irma worsens Latin America's fuel supply crunch,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Monster Hurricane Irma has shut down oil terminals across the northern Caribbean, worsening a fuel supply crunch in Latin America which is struggling to meet demand since Hurricane Harvey disrupted shipments from the U.S. Gulf Coast last month. Latin America had been scrambling for almost two weeks to find oil cargoes because of Harvey, which caused massive flooding in Texas and Louisiana, shutting down ports, refineries and production platforms. Irma, which is being followed by two hurricanes in the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico, was affecting Caribbean refineries, terminals and storage facilities. The U.S. National Hurricane Center said Irma is the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic Ocean and one of the five most forceful storms to hit the Atlantic basin in 82 years. The Caribbean has the capacity to store more than 100 million barrels, which is crucial for those nations because of limited ability to refine crude, and also as supply for South American nations including Brazil, Venezuela and Colombia.  Several oil trading firms had moved a portion of their U.S. fuel inventories to the Caribbean ahead of Harvey so they could keep selling cargoes to Latin America, traders from two companies told Reuters.  Those barrels are now locked in terminals in St. Eustatius, Puerto Rico, the Bahamas and the U.S. Virgin Islands, as Irma, a Category 5 storm with winds of 185 mph (295 kph), was expected to hammer the region for several more days as it moves west-northwest.   Irma is arriving at a bad moment. Not all oil storage facilities in the Caribbean have closed, but vessel traffic is difficult in the middle of the storm. It will get worse before getting any better,  said a trader from an oil firm that rents tanks in St. Croix. Buckeye Partners LP (BPL.N), the largest owner of oil storage facilities in the Caribbean with 41.1 million barrels of capacity, shut its Puerto Rico terminal on Wednesday. It also plans to close BORCO, its largest terminal in the Bahamas that can store up to 26.2 million barrels, by the end of the day on Thursday, a source familiar with terminal operations said. Also in the Bahamas, Statoil s (STL.OL) South Riding Point terminal was open on Thursday, the company said. But traders added that plans to halt marine operations would likely start later on Thursday.  NuStar Energy LP (NS.N), which on Tuesday closed its 13-million-barrel Statia terminal on the small island of St. Eustatius, said several tanks and other equipment were damaged in the hurricane, so no restart date has been set. Firms using tanks in closed terminals in St. Eustatius, St. Croix, Bahamas and Puerto Rico include traders Vitol, Glencore (GLEN.L), Novum Energy and Freepoint Commodities, and oil firms PDVSA from Venezuela, China s Sinopec (600028.SS), Russia s Rosneft (ROSN.MM) and Lukoil (LKOH.MM), U.S. Chevron Corp (CVX.N) and Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSa.L), according to the sources and Reuters vessel data. As traders worry about Irma s impact on inventories, others see longer-term potential consequences from this or other storms, as both Jose, now in the Atlantic Ocean, and Katia, off Mexico s coast, continued moving on Thursday after strengthening to hurricanes.  If a hurricane with Irma s intensity strikes a terminal tank farm, the force of the storm at the eye wall will have destructive impact on the storage tanks, which are typically not designed to withstand those forces,  said Ernie Barsamian, chief executive officer of the Tank Tiger, a terminal storage clearinghouse. Mexican state-run oil company Pemex said on Thursday that its facilities have not been hit so far, but it keeps monitoring Katia s path to decide if further action was needed. Fuel importers such as Mexico and Brazil have secured supplies in recent days from the U.S. East Coast, Europe and the Caribbean, according to traders, regulators and oil firms. But those options are running short amid growing regional demand and limited offers from Texas refiners as ports have been slow to reopen for large vessels. The only option that traders see for desperate buyers in the coming days is to divert fuel cargoes from countries such as Brazil, which bought diesel in excess, or Venezuela, which cannot pay for all the fuel floating near its ports because of the country s fiscal problems. At least three fuel cargoes have been diverted from Venezuela since last week, according to Reuters data. All of them have changed their destinations to Panama, likely to pass the Canal before discharging in South America.   Companies from Uruguay, Ecuador, Peru and Costa Rica are seeking spot cargoes of diesel, gasoline, aviation gasoline, asphalt and components on the open market, but few providers are willing to participate, traders said.  I cannot use my inventories in the Caribbean at this moment to supply third parties,  one trader said. Dominican Republic refining firm Refidomsa, which declared force majeure last week on deliveries, has been rationing fuel from its 34,000-barrel-per-day Haina refinery, giving it enough inventory for 20 days.  Most Caribbean refineries are dependent on U.S. light oil since large regional crude producers such as Mexico and Venezuela have cut exports to some neighbors. ",1
20689,Florida nuclear plants to shut ahead of Hurricane Irma,"(Reuters) - Electricity generator Florida Power & Light said on Thursday it will shut its two nuclear power plants before Irma comes ashore as a very powerful hurricane. FPL, a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Inc, generates enough power for about 1.9 million homes at the Turkey Point and St. Lucie plants, which are both along Florida s Atlantic Coast, about 20 feet (6 meters) above sea level.  We will safely shut down these nuclear plants well in advance of hurricane-force winds, and we ve finalized plans for that shutdown,  FPL spokesman Rob Gould told a news conference. The company will adjust the plans as necessary,  depending upon the path of the storm,  Gould said. He would not comment on exactly when the plants would be taken down or how long they could be shut.  The Energy Department said late on Thursday that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission expects Turkey Point to close on Friday evening and St. Lucie to shut about 12 hours later, depending on the storm s path.  Irma, a Category 5 hurricane at the top of the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale, is packing winds of up to 180 miles (290 km) per hour. Present forecast models are showing it hitting the tip of Florida on Sunday morning and raking the whole state as it moves north over the peninsula the following couple of days, the Miami-based National Hurricane Center said. FPL says it has invested $3 billion to protect its electricity grid since 2005, when the last major hurricane damaged power facilities in Florida. But no grid is hurricane-proof, and if Irma stays on its path, many FPL customers will lose power, Gould said. The company, which serves about 10 million power customers across nearly half of Florida, may have to physically rebuild parts of the power system, Gould said. This could take weeks or longer  if Irma s worst fears are realized,  he said.   Gould said FPL might have to turn off some substations ahead of any major flooding, a technique that could help the company restore power faster once any floodwaters recede, rather than keeping them on and allowing the storm to damage them. FPL s nuclear plants are protected by thick concrete and reinforced steel and like many plants around the world were bolstered further after the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan, Gould said.  A series of explosions and meltdowns occurred at the Fukushima nuclear plant after a massive earthquake unleashed a powerful tsunami that shut the facility s cooling systems and led to meltdowns. ",1
20690,Trump says hopes to avoid use of military action on North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he would prefer to avoid military action to deal with North Korea s nuclear threat, but said previous diplomatic efforts have failed to pressure Pyongyang from developing its missiles.  Military action would certainly be an option. Is it inevitable? Nothing is inevitable,  Trump said during a news conference.  I would prefer not going the route of the military,  Trump said.  If we do use it on North Korea, it will be a very sad day for North Korea.  ",1
20691,German citizen on trial in Turkey on political charges: media,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - A 49-year-old woman has become the first German citizen to stand trial in Turkey on allegations of supporting U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Turkish authorities blame for a failed military coup last year, German media reported. Broadcasters WDR and NDR and daily newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung said the trial began in the southern Turkish city of Karaman on Thursday and cited the indictment as saying the woman faced several years in prison. They said the woman, whom they did not name, was born in Turkey but had lived in southwest Germany for more than 20 years and had been a German citizen for 15. She had been arrested in Turkey in August 2016 and released in September after pressure from Germany s foreign ministry but was not allowed to leave the country, they said. Earlier on Thursday, the ministry confirmed that another German citizen detained in southern Turkey last week had been released but banned from travel. Turkey s Dogan news agency said the man and his German partner had been detained while on holiday in Antalya. The partner had already been freed after questioning. Dogan said the couple had also been held as part of investigations into Gulen and Kurdish militants in Syria. Gulen has denied any link to the failed coup. Thursday s release means 10 German citizens remain in Turkish detention on political charges. The arrests have raised tensions between Ankara and Berlin and led Chancellor Angela Merkel to call for a review of relations and of Turkey s EU accession talks. The detainees include dual German-Turkish citizen Deniz Yucel, who has been held for more than 200 days. ",1
20692,"Home Depot, Lowe's ship emergency material to Florida ahead of hurricane","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Home improvement retailers Home Depot Inc and Lowe s Inc said on Wednesday they have started shipping emergency material to Florida in anticipation of Hurricane Irma, even as they continue recovery efforts after Hurricane Harvey in Texas. Irma, which hit the Caribbean island of St. Martin on Wednesday, is expected to make landfall in Florida during the weekend but its precise trajectory remained uncertain. Irma could become the second powerful storm to thrash the U.S. mainland after Harvey killed more than 60 people and caused as much as $180 billion in damage after hitting Texas late last month.  This is unusual because we are now juggling two different storms in two different phases. One is approaching while the other market is in the recovery phase,  Home Depot spokesman Matthew Harrigan told Reuters. Home Depot is following the  same script  preparing for Irma as it did for Harvey. The retailer s merchandising and supply chain teams have previously dealt with different weather-related disasters at once, Harrigan said without giving specific examples. Before Harvey hit Texas, the world s largest hardware and home improvement chain activated its disaster-response plan, asked managers to freeze prices in stores around the region and move storm related merchandise to the front of the store. It followed a plan honed over many hurricane seasons to minimize disruptions, deliver essential material to affected areas and capitalize on a surge in demand for products once repairs begin. Home Depot said it takes up to two months to open stores that are hit hard by a hurricane. Stores that are minimally impacted are usually opened within a few days. Both Home Depot and Lowe s had activated a hurricane command center during Harvey that is now continuing to monitor the path of Irma and mobilizing resources such as supplies. Home Depot said it has despatched 300 truckloads to Florida so far. Rival Lowe s said it has sent 400 truckloads of hurricane prep material including flashlights, batteries and weather radios to Florida. Analysts have said investments in logistics and supply chain by home improvement chains during a weather-related disaster typically brings about 10 to 15 times more in sales. Shares of both Home Depot and Lowe s traded up nearly 2 percent on Wednesday morning. ",1
20693,FEMA may run out of funds on Friday: senators,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency will run out of disaster assistance funding on Friday unless Congress approves more money, two Florida senators warned on Thursday. As Hurricane Irma barrels through the Caribbean on its way to an expected landfall on Florida on Sunday, the Senate approved a measure 80 votes to 17 to more than double funding to $15.25 billion to FEMA and local block grants to handle natural disasters. The House is expected to approve the measure later this week. It already approved $7.85 billion on Wednesday.  FEMA is stretched, and, of all things, FEMA runs out of money unless we act by tomorrow,  Democrat Senator Bill Nelson said in a speech on Thursday, following a letter he wrote with Republican Senator Marco Rubio to congressional leaders warning that more funds were needed. The bill also extends the National Flood Insurance Program through Dec. 8 that was set to expire on Sept. 30. The government-subsidized insurance program helps homeowners in flood-prone areas receive coverage. It is nearly $25 billion in debt and members of both parties want to reform it. FEMA declined on Thursday to say how much remained in its Disaster Relief Fund, which had just over $1 billion on hand as of Tuesday, less than half the $2.1 billion it had last week. The agency has received a record number of disaster assistance requests from victims of Hurricane Harvey.  We re not going to let money get in the way of saving lives,  FEMA director Brock Long told broadcaster CBS on Wednesday.  Congress knows what they need to do.  David Lapan, a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security, which oversees FEMA, also declined to say on Thursday when the fund would be depleted, but said it would not be long without congressional action. On Thursday, U.S. President Donald Trump approved a major disaster declaration for the U.S. Virgin Islands, which makes residents eligible for FEMA and other government grants for temporary housing and home repairs, low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses, and other programs. In response to Irma, FEMA said staff had been deployed to the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico and more than 1,000 personnel were ready to respond in Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia. Provisions include millions of liters of water, meals, medical equipment and generators. ",1
20694,Spain's constitutional court suspends Catalan referendum law: court source,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish Constitutional Court has suspended a referendum law that was approved on Wednesday by the Catalan parliament, blocking the way for an Oct. 1 ballot on independence from Spain, a court source said on Thursday. The law will be suspended while judges consider arguments that the vote breaches the country s constitution. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said earlier on Thursday he had appealed to the court to declare the referendum illegal. The constitution states Spain is indivisible. ",1
20695,U.S. unsure if North Korea can be deterred: Trump administration official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is very concerned that North Korea might not be able to be deterred, a senior Trump administration official said on Thursday, drawing a distinction between Washington s view of Pyongyang and its model for dealing with former Cold War foes. The official, speaking to reporters on condition of anonymity, also said there was a grave risk that North Korea might  miscalculate  the U.S. response to its behavior and warned Pyongyang not to  under-estimate American will to protect ourselves and our allies.  While U.S. experts are continuing to assess the North Korean nuclear test - its sixth and most powerful - the official that there was no information to contradict Pyongyang s assertion that it detonated a hydrogen bomb. ",1
20696,Gbagbo allies behind attacks in Ivory Coast: interior minister,"ABIDJAN (Reuters) - A group of allies of Ivory Coast s former president Laurent Gbagbo, including at least one living in exile in neighboring Ghana, are behind a wave of attacks on security installations this year, the interior minister said on Thursday. Thirty-five people, a number of them soldiers, have been arrested for involvement in the violence, according to a statement released by Sidiki Diakite following a meeting of the National Security Council. Francophone West Africa s biggest economy has been shaken by army mutinies, violent protests by former rebels and a spate of attacks on prisons and police stations this year.  The attacks have raised fears over its long-term stability, more than six years after a prolonged crisis ended in a civil war that killed more than 3,000, when Gbagbo refused to cede a 2010 election to current President Alassane Ouattara.   Most of the people were already implicated in similar attacks around 2012 to 2014,  Diakite said.  Arrested and imprisoned, they were freed in the spirit of political dialogue and reconciliation.   Previously, much of this year s violence has been blamed on disgruntled former members of the rebel group that helped Ouattara dislodge Gbagbo, but former fighters loyal to Gbagbo have been blamed for attacks in the past, including several that killed 10 soldiers in the commercial capital Abidjan in 2012 and other deadly attacks near the Liberian border in 2014. Gbagbo was captured in April 2011 and is on trial at the International Criminal Court on war crimes charges, but many of his allies have been pardoned.  It is clear that the clemency offered them with a view to peace and reconciliation was not understood by them, and so they continue to pose a threat,  the minister said. Ghanaian government officials were not immediately available to comment on the allegations. Ivory Coast has accused Accra in the past of not doing enough to track down Gbagbo supporters. Ouattara has won praise for helping Ivory Coast recover from a decade of crisis to become Africa s fastest growing economy, but thousands of weapons left over from the war are still in circulation and the army is crippled by internal divisions. If Gbagbo s allies are behind recent attacks, Ivory Coast faces the prospect of instability from both them and the rebels they fought as it approaches what is likely to be a hotly contested election to choose Ouattara s successor in 2020. ",1
20697,Israel hits Syrian site said to be linked to chemical weapons,"BEIRUT/JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel attacked a military site in Syria s Hama province early on Thursday, the Syrian army said, and a war monitoring group said the target could be linked to chemical weapons production.  The air strike killed two soldiers and caused damage near the town of Masyaf, an army statement said. It warned of the  dangerous repercussions of this aggressive action to the security and stability of the region .  The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the war, said the attack was on a facility of the Scientific Studies and Research Centre, an agency which the United States describes as Syria s chemical weapons manufacturer. It came the morning after U.N. investigators said the Syrian government was responsible for a sarin poison gas attack in April.  Syria s government denies using chemical arms. In 2013 it promised to surrender its chemical weapons, which it says it has done.  The Observatory said strikes also hit a military camp next to the center that was used to store ground-to-ground rockets and where personnel of Iran and its ally, the Lebanese Hezbollah group, had been seen more than once.  An Israeli army spokeswoman declined to discuss reports of a strike in Syria. Syria s foreign ministry has sent letters to the U.N. Security Council protesting against Israel s  aggression  and saying anyone who attacked Syrian military sites was supporting terrorism, Syrian state TV reported. In an interview in Israel s Haaretz daily last month on his retirement, former Israeli air force chief Amir Eshel said Israel had hit arms convoys of the Syrian military and its Hezbollah allies nearly 100 times in the past five years.  Israel sees red lines in the shipment to Hezbollah of anti-aircraft missiles, precision ground-to-ground missiles and  chemical weapons.     The reported attack took place on the 10th anniversary of Israel s destruction of a nuclear reactor in Syria.   Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is due to address the U.N. General Assembly on Sept. 19, and is widely expected to voice Israel s concern over what it sees as attempts by Iran to broaden its military foothold in Syria and threats posed by Hezbollah Israeli officials have said that Russia, another ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and Israel maintain regular contacts to coordinate military action in Syria.  Some Israeli commentators saw the latest strike - a departure from the previous pattern of attacks on weapons convoys - as a show of Israeli dissatisfaction with the United States and Russia.  Last month, Netanyahu met Russian President Vladimir Putin, but came away without any public statement from Moscow that it would curb Iranian influence.     Hezbollah and Israel fought a brief war in 2006 in which more than 1,300 people died. Both have suggested that any new conflict between them could be on a larger scale than that one.  Hezbollah has been one of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s most important allies in the war and last month its leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said he had recently traveled to Damascus to meet the Syrian president.  Israel is conducting military exercises in the north of the country near the border with Lebanon.  Yaakov Amidror, a retired Israeli general and former national security adviser, told reporters he assumed Thursday s strike was linked to Nasrallah s visit to Damascus.   Weapons systems have been transferred from this organization (the Scientific Studies and Research Centre) into the hands of Hezbollah during the years,  he said.  In May, an official in the military alliance backing Assad said that Hezbollah drew a distinction between Israel striking its positions in Syria and at home in Lebanon.  If Israel strikes Hezbollah in Lebanon, definitely it will respond,  the official said. The Syrian army statement said the Israeli strike came at 2:42 a.m. (2342 GMT) from inside Lebanese airspace. It said it had been launched in support of Islamic State.  Jets flying over Lebanon overnight broke the sound barrier and Lebanese media reported that Israeli warplanes had breached Lebanese airspace.  The Observatory reported that seven people were killed or wounded in the strike.   The factory that was targeted in Masyaf produces the chemical weapons and barrel bombs that have killed thousands of Syrian civilians,  Amos Yadlin, a former head of Israeli military intelligence, said in a tweet.  The strike sent a message that Israel would not let Syria produce strategic weapons, would enforce its own red lines, and would not be hampered by Russian air defense systems in Syria, he added.  The U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria said on Wednesday a government jet dropped sarin on Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province in April, killing more than 80 civilians, and that government forces were behind at least 27 chemical attacks. U.S. President Donald Trump said he had not heard a report that Syria had used chemical weapons again.  But nothing would change. We would be extremely upset if he was using chemical weapons,  he said in response to a question at a news conference in Washington.  As far as Syria is concerned, we have very little to do with Syria other than killing ISIS. What we do is we kill ISIS.  ",1
20698,EU's Barnier worried by UK's post-Brexit plan for Irish border,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union s chief Brexit negotiator said on Thursday he was worried by Britain s plans for the border arrangement with Ireland after it leaves the EU and urged London to come up with  creative proposals . The comments from Michel Barnier highlighted the gulf between the two sides on one of the trickiest issues thrown up by Brexit - how it will affect the currently seamless movement of people and goods between the Republic of Ireland, which is an EU member, and British-ruled Northern Ireland. Britain said last month that there should be no border posts or immigration checks along the 500 km (300 mile) frontier after Brexit. Some 30,000 people make the crossing each day, and businesses from farming to brewing depend on easy movement of goods between north and south. While Brussels and Dublin also say they want to keep an open border, they say Britain has failed to explain how it would square this with its stated intention to leave the EU s customs union.  What I see in the UK s paper on Ireland and Northern Ireland worries me,  Barnier told a news conference in Brussels.  The UK wants the EU to suspend the application of its laws, its customs union and its single market at what will be a new external border for the EU, and the UK wants to use Ireland as a kind of test case for the future EU-UK customs relations. This will not happen,  Barnier said. The EU is also concerned that Britain could use the border between the two Irelands as a way to circumvent tariffs that could be imposed in a post-Brexit EU-UK trade deal. Barnier s remarks coincided with the publication of a set of  principles from the European Commission, the EU s executive, on how the Irish issue should be dealt with. It explicitly stated that the  onus to propose solutions  on Ireland fell on Britain. The paper also made it clear that a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland should be avoided to protect peace on the island. It said that  any physical border infrastructure  should be ruled out, but that required  flexible and imaginative solutions . Nearly three months into Brexit talks, EU and Britain negotiators have made little progress on the Irish border and the other issues - expatriate citizens  rights and the bill that London should pay its EU partners to settle existing financial commitments - that Brussels wants broadly solved before talks on a future trading relationship can start.  The Irish government called on Britain to make  substantive commitments  and provide  workable solutions . Prime Minister Leo Varadkar reiterated that for all sides to achieve their aim of avoiding a hard border, Britain needed to stay in the customs union or in a similar arrangement for at least a post-Brexit transition phase. Britain seized on the EU comments about the need for an open border as evidence that British and EU objectives were  closely aligned .  In particular the commitment to avoid any physical infrastructure at the border is a very important step forward,  a government spokesman said, adding that the position papers from both sides  clearly provide a good basis on which to continue to make swift progress.  ",1
20699,Exclusive: Chile expects to soon clinch Argentina energy swap deal,"VINA DEL MAR, Chile (Reuters) - Chile expects to close an energy swap deal with Argentina in the days ahead, Chilean Energy Minister Andres Rebolledo said in an interview on Thursday, the latest example of increasing economic integration between the South American nations. The neighboring countries are also negotiating the locations for five additional transmission line interconnection points, with an agreement expected as early as January, the minister told Reuters.  We made a proposal to Argentina and we are very close to reaching an agreement,  Rebolledo said, referring to the energy swap.   I think we can have an agreement in the next couple of days or if not, over the next few weeks,  he added. Chile and Argentina share a 3,300-mile (5,300-kilometer) border running north to south along the rugged terrain of the Andes mountains. The deal would allow both countries to send natural gas or electricity at one point of the frontier and obtain needed supplies at another border point. In 2016, Chile exported 100 gigawatt-hours of electricity to Argentina and 361 million cubic meters of gas, worth nearly $100 million. The deal is the latest episode in a larger economic and diplomatic rapprochement between the neighboring South American countries that have often had frosty relations. Since conservative Argentine President Mauricio Macri came to power in 2015, the two nations have signed free trade deals and begun transporting gas between the nations, among several other measures. Rebolledo, who spoke with Reuters on the sidelines of the Energy and Climate Partnership of the Americas (ECPA) meeting in the coastal city of Vina del Mar, said Chile and Argentina are planning to add five new electricity interconnection points in the coming years. For this, he said the countries commissioned studies with financial support from the Development Bank of Latin America (CAF) to define the geographic points that would make the project most efficient.  In January we will probably have the result (of the study), with the map of the five main points where there is supply and demand on the other side, and where it is best to put the transmission lines,  he said. Chile is currently undergoing a broader transmission buildout. In August, Rebolledo told Reuters that the government hopes to have a formal proposal to pitch to investors for a line connecting northern Chile with southern Peru by the end of the current government in March. ",1
20700,U.S. requires enhanced screening of cargo from Turkey,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Transportation Security Administration said on Thursday it is issuing a new security directive requiring enhanced screening of cargo from Turkey. The change was  to adequately address emerging threats to cargo and raise the baseline for global aviation security,  TSA spokesman Michael England said.  The directive mandates voluntary measures already in use by Turkey and will ensure  cargo flying to the United States is screened and secured in accordance with the Air Cargo Advance Screening Program,  he said. Officials said the decision to impose the security directive and an emergency amendment was made after an incident in Australia and came in response to intelligence reports. In July, an Australian man sent his unsuspecting brother to the Sydney airport to catch an Etihad Airways flight carrying a home-made bomb disguised as a meat mincer built at the direction of a senior Islamic State commander, police said. Detailing one of Australia s  most sophisticated  militant plots, police said two men, who have been charged with terror-related offences, also planned to build a device to release poisonous gas in a public area. High-grade military explosives used to build the bomb were sent by air cargo from Turkey as part of a plot  inspired and directed  by the militant Islamic State group, police Deputy Commissioner National Security Michael Phelan said in August. The plot targeted an Etihad Airways flight on July 15, but the bomb never made it past airport security, he said. ",1
20701,May's government pushes Brexit bill to avoid 'chaotic' departure,"LONDON (Reuters) - Brexit minister David Davis called on parliament on Thursday to back legislation to sever Britain s political, financial and legal ties with the European Union, saying that opposing the bill would lead to chaos. At a rowdy session of parliament, Davis accused the opposition Labour Party of pursuing a  cynical and unprincipled  path by challenging the repeal bill, or EU withdrawal bill, designed to disentangle Britain from more than 40 years of EU lawmaking. Labour, in turn, said the government was using the bill to give itself wide-ranging powers and a  blank cheque  to do away with laws if ministers did not like them, threatening the rights of ordinary Britons. The legislation is a vital stepping-stone towards Britain s departure from the EU in March 2019. It faces stormy debate and a likely barrage of attempted amendments as Prime Minister Theresa May, weakened by the loss of her majority in a June election and criticized by Brussels over her Brexit strategy, attempts to steer it through parliament.  Without this legislation a smooth and orderly exit is impossible ... To delay or oppose the bill will be reckless in the extreme,  Davis told lawmakers, describing support for a proposed amendment by Labour as a  vote for a chaotic exit . Labour s Brexit spokesman, Keir Starmer, said several clauses in the bill amounted to a  power grab  by government. He said it would prevent Britain from remaining in the EU s single market and customs union during a transition phase, as Labour now argues should happen.  That we are leaving (the EU) is settled, how we leave is not. This bill invites us to surrender all power and influence over that question to the government and to ministers. That would betray everything we have been sent here to do,  Starmer said.  Unless the government makes a very significant concession before we vote on Monday Labour will table, and has tabled, a reasoned amendment and will vote against the bill.      The legislation seeks largely to  copy and paste  EU law into British legislation to ensure the UK has functioning laws and the same regulatory framework as the bloc at the moment of leaving it, something that may offer some reassurance for companies. Davis said it would allow the British government and parliament to become  masters of our own laws , and promised concerned lawmakers that ministers would not use the wide-ranging powers to make  substantive changes  to law. To vote down the bill, Labour would need to convince EU supporters in May s Conservatives to side with them, but some more vocal pro-EU Conservative lawmakers have now said they will vote with the government after asking for reassurance that parliament will be able to scrutinize any changes to the law. May has also promised to listen to the concerns of lawmakers, but warned that delaying or hindering the bill with amendments would slow  vital  legislation.  The repeal bill helps deliver the outcome the British people voted for by ending the role of the EU in UK law, but it s also the single most important step we can take to prevent a cliff-edge for people and businesses, because it provides legal certainty,  she said in a statement. ",1
20702,Russian and Japanese leaders 'decisively condemn' North Korean tests,"VLADIVOSTOK (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday after talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the two leaders  decisively condemned  North Korean weapons tests.    We decisively condemned North Korea s launch of a medium-range ballistic missile that flew over Japan s territory on August 28, as well as the new nuclear tests conducted on September 3,  Putin said in a statement. Putin reiterated that the crisis around North Korea should be resolved only by political means, and that it posed a threat to peace and stability in the region. He called for it to be resolved through a road map proposed by Moscow and Beijing. Putin also said he and Abe discussed the prospect of joint economic activities by their countries on the disputed Kurile islands.  The islands, called the Northern Territories in Japan and the Southern Kuriles in Russia, were seized by Soviet forces at the end of World War Two, when 17,000 Japanese residents were forced to flee. Putin said he and Abe discussed the prospect of a peace treaty officially ending World War Two hostilities, which has never been signed because of the territorial dispute. Putin did not say how close the two countries were to such an agreement. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov later said there could not be a timeframe for concluding a treaty.  This is a very complicated and sensitive issue,  he said.   Russia and Japan are steadily building up mutual trust, mutually beneficial cooperation, which cannot but promote the creation of a favorable atmosphere for finding a solution for the peace treaty.  ",1
20703,"Georgia governor orders evacuation of Savannah, coast ahead of Irma","(Reuters) - Georgia Governor Nathan Deal issued a mandatory evacuation order on Thursday for the state s coast, including historic Savannah, as deadly Hurricane Irma rolled toward Florida and the southeastern United States. The evacuation order for areas east of Interstate 95 and some areas to its west takes effect Saturday at 8 a.m., Deal said in a statement. The governor also authorized up to 5,000 Georgia National Guard members to respond to the storm and expanded a state of emergency to 30 southeast Georgia counties. The order affects the cities of Savannah and Brunswick in Georgia, which has not been hit by a Category 3 hurricane or higher since 1898, according to WSB-TV.  I encourage all Georgians in our coastal areas that could be impacted by this storm to evacuate the area as soon as possible,  Deal said in a statement. Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms in a century, plowed past the Dominican Republic toward Haiti on Thursday after devastating a string of Caribbean islands and killing at least 10 people. Irma will likely hit Florida as a powerful Category 4 storm on Sunday, with storm surges and flooding beginning within the next 48 hours, according to the NHC. Gas shortages in the  Miami-Fort Lauderdale area worsened on Thursday, with sales up to five times the norm. The storm s exact path is uncertain, but it could affect Georgia and the Carolinas early next week. ",1
20704,South Sudan judges end strike to return to huge legal backlog,"JUBA (Reuters) - South Sudanese judges ended a five-month strike without a pay deal on Thursday, saying they had to clear a massive backlog of cases. President Salva Kiir, who in July sacked several striking judges, has told union representatives he would resolve their demands in the near future, Arop Malueth of the Judges and Justice Union said. The strike was over salaries that the judges say have been rendered practically worthless by hyperinflation in a country in civil war since 2013.  Courts already faced a huge backlog as the nation of 12 million people only had 274 judges on the payroll in the last government budget. Some have since resigned, some are off sick and others are on leave, the union said.  This strike has gone for five months but nothing has been done by the authorities and our citizens have been suffering every day because the courts are closed,  Malueth told Reuters. The union s general assembly agreed on Wednesday to return to work on Sept. 11. War has brought famine and forced more than a quarter of South Sudan s population to flee their homes, creating Africa s biggest refugee crisis since the Rwandan genocide in 1994. ",1
20705,YRC Worldwide has limited operations in Florida terminals,"(Reuters) - YRC Worldwide Inc resumed limited operations at Florida terminals in Fort Pierce, Miami, Tampa, and West Palm Beach that were closed earlier on Thursday due to Hurricane Irma. Its terminal in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico remains closed, the company said.  ",1
20706,Austria's Freedom Party criticizes ECJ ruling on migrant quotas,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The leader of Austria s far-right Freedom Party (FPO) on Thursday criticized the European Union s top court for upholding Brussels  right to force member states to take in asylum-Seekers, calling the quota system an  immigration program . Heinz-Christian Strache, whose anti-immigrant party could become kingmaker in next month s parliamentary election, took sides with Hungary s Prime Minister Viktor Orban.   It simply cannot be that states lose their right to self-determination and decision-making when it comes to receiving (asylum-seekers),  Strache said in a panel discussion in Vienna. The European Court of Justice (ECJ) dismissed complaints by Hungary and Slovakia against the quota system on Wednesday. The European Commission said it might seek fines at the ECJ within weeks for Hungary, Poland and the Czech Republic unless they take people from Italy and Greece.      The (EU) program is not a refugee program but an immigration program,  said Strache, who has repeatedly called for  zero and minus immigration .     The veteran party chief drew attention to remarks by U.N. peace talks mediator Staffan de Mistura.   The U.N. Special Representative pointed out the war in Syria is over,  Strache said.  We all know, asylum is a temporary protection, which applies for as long as there is persecution. But if that s no longer the case, one actually has to take care of going back home.  The Freedom Party s popularity rose to a high during Europe s migration crisis in 2015, when it denounced the government s decision to open Austria s borders to hundreds of thousands of migrants. It led polls for more than a year, until Sebastian Kurz took the helm of the conservative People s Party in May. Kurz, who also has a hard stance on migration, has been leading polls ahead of the Oct. 15 election with just over 30 percent. The Freedom Party and center-left Social Democrats trail with around 25 percent each. Austria s system of proportional representation is likely to produce another coalition government, and observers say Kurz s and Strache s parties are likely to join forces. ",1
20707,At least one killed by Hurricane Irma on Dutch side of Saint Martin,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - At least one person was killed and several others injured by Hurricane Irma on the Dutch side of the Caribbean island of Saint Martin, the Dutch government said on Thursday. French officials earlier said there had been eight fatalities on the French side. ",1
20708,South Africa's Tutu asks Myanmar's Suu Kyi to help Rohingya,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Retired South African cleric and anti-apartheid campaigner Archbishop Desmond Tutu urged Myanmar leader and fellow Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi on Thursday to intervene to help Rohingya Muslims fleeing her country. Western critics have accused Suu Kyi of not speaking out for the Rohingya, who have been fleeing to neighboring Bangladesh, following an army counter-offensive against militant attacks. Tutu said in an open letter to Suu Kyi that:  I am now elderly, decrepit and formally retired, but breaking my vow to remain silent on public affairs out of profound sadness about the plight of the Muslim minority in your country, the Rohingya.   My dear sister: If the political price of your ascension to the highest office in Myanmar is your silence, the price is surely too steep ... We pray for you to speak out for justice, human rights and the unity of your people. We pray for you to intervene,  Tutu wrote. Tutu, 85, has been living with prostate cancer for nearly two decades and has largely withdrawn from public life. The Rohingya comprise some 1.1 million people who have long complained of persecution and are seen by many in Buddhist-majority Myanmar as illegal migrants from Bangladesh.  We have to take care of our citizens, we have to take care of everybody who is in our country, whether or not they are our citizens,  Suu Kyi said earlier on Thursday in comments to Reuters Television s Indian partner, Asian News International. Suu Kyi, who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 as a champion of democracy, did not refer specifically to the exodus of the minority Rohingya. ",1
20709,Bosnian forensics experts search ravine for victims of 90s war,"SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Forensic experts began searching a ravine in central Bosnia on Thursday for the remains of around 60 Bosnian Muslims and Croats killed by Serb forces early in the 1992-95 war. The search began hours after the Bosnian war crimes court ordered the exhumations at Mount Vlasic where between 160 and 220 prisoners of war were shot dead on Aug. 21, 1992. Bosnian Serbs told the prisoners from detention camps for non-Serbs near the town of Prijedor that they would be released in a prisoner exchange but instead drove them away by bus, lined them up by the edge of a ravine and shot them. Only a dozen survived what has become known as the Koricani Cliffs massacre, by tumbling or jumping down the steep ravine. The 1992-95 war claimed 100,000 lives. The killings were part of a wave of ethnic cleansing by rebel Bosnian Serb forces who were trying to create a Serb statelet by removing Bosniaks - Bosnian Muslims - and Croats from the area. The remote site is believed to be a secondary mass grave, meaning the bodies were removed from the execution site to this location some time later in an attempt to hide the crime, Amor Masovic, the head of a regional Commission for Missing Persons, told Reuters. Forensic experts have already unearthed skeletal remains from two other secondary mass graves and have established the identities of 117 victims of the massacre whose bodies were mainly incomplete due to removal. Eleven Bosnian Serb ex-policemen were convicted for the crime at Koricanske Stijene, including Dargo Mrdja who was jailed for 17 years by the Hague-based U.N. war crimes court. The remainder were convicted by the Bosnian war crimes court. ",1
20710,Russian court tells Aeroflot it cannot tell stewardesses what size clothing to wear,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A court on Wednesday ruled that Russian airline Aeroflot cannot tell staff what size clothing to wear after a stewardess complained she had been taken off international routes because she did not fit into the regulation-size uniform. The stewardess, Yevgenia Magurina, said she had been transferred to lower paying domestic flights because she exceeded what she said was Aeroflot s maximum uniform size of 48. On Wednesday, Magurina partially won her appeal in a Moscow court against an earlier court decision which had gone against her. The court ordered Aeroflot to pay Magurina the amount she deemed her salary had been docked as a result of the regulation - around 17,000 rubles  ($296.53) - and to pay her compensation for moral suffering of 5,000 roubles, TASS reported.   The court however did not rule that Aeroflot s actions were discriminatory. Magurina said after the decision she was satisfied with what she called  a victory  even though the court had not found Aeroflot guilty of discrimination.  Thank God we have solved this issue inside our country. We were ready to go further and of course it would have been a shame for Russia to expose such things outside of the Russian Federation,  she told reporters.  After the ruling, Aeroflot said it was satisfied that the court did not rule it was discriminating against employees, TASS news agency reported, and would look at amending its staff regulations once it had fully studied the court s decision.       ",1
20711,France paying close attention to U.N. report on chemical attacks in Syria,"PARIS (Reuters) - France said on Thursday it was paying close attention to evidence from a U.N. investigation that shows Syrian forces used chemical weapons in different attacks in 2017 and before. French President Emmanuel Macron said in May, barely two weeks after his inauguration, that the use of chemical weapons in Syria would represent a red line and result in reprisals.     U.N. war crimes investigators said on Wednesday that Syrian forces have used chemical weapons more than two dozen times during the country s six-year civil war, including a deadly attack that led to U.S. air strikes on government planes. Syrian government forces carried out chemical attacks seven times between March 1 and July 7, according to the U.N. investigation, suggesting attacks would have taken place after Macron s warnings.   We are paying extremely close attention to the consistent evidence revealed by the commission regarding different types of chemical attacks on 2017,  a foreign ministry spokeswoman said in response to a question on what Paris would do if its red line had been crossed.   She said the foreign ministry called for those behind the April 4 sarin attack on Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province, which killed more than 80 civilians, to be held to account. ",1
20712,"German citizen freed in Turkey but banned from leaving, Dogan reports","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish court has ordered a German citizen who was detained in southern Turkey last week to be released but banned him from leaving the country, the news agency Dogan reported on Thursday. The released man and his German partner were detained while on holiday in Antalya, a popular tourist destination. The partner had already been freed after questioning, Dogan said. A spokeswoman for Germany s Foreign Ministry confirmed the man had been freed.  He is banned from leaving the country,  she said. Dogan said the couple had been held as part of investigations into a network of supporters of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who is blamed by Turkish authorities for a failed military coup last year, and Kurdish militants in Syria. Gulen has denied any link to the failed coup. Thursday s release means 10 German citizens remain in Turkish detention on political charges.  The arrests have raised tensions between Ankara and Berlin and led Chancellor Angela Merkel to call for a review of relations and of Turkey s EU accession talks. The detainees include dual German-Turkish citizen Deniz Yucel, who has been held for more than 200 days. ",1
20713,Mongolian parliament ousts prime minister in latest reshuffle,"ULAANBAATAR (Reuters) - Mongolia s parliament voted to oust Prime Minister Jargaltulga Erdenebat, its website said late on Thursday, after his ruling Mongolian People s Party (MPP) was defeated in a July presidential election. No prime minister of Mongolia, a thinly populated and mineral-rich country sandwiched between Russia and China, has completed a four-year term since 2004. Of 73 members of parliament attending the vote, 42 were in favor of Erdenebat s removal. The outgoing prime minister noted that the country had seen 13 governments in the last 25 years.  The resignation of a government in a democratic parliament is a normal occurrence, but it can be harmful if a good thing goes beyond its norms,  Erdenebat said in a statement on parliament s website.  A former Soviet satellite, Mongolia transitioned to a parliamentary democracy in 1990.     I believe that dismissing government is a mistake that hinders the development of the country, rather than a positive mechanism of accountability,  Erdenebat said. The MPP gained power in mid-2016 in elections in which it won 65 of parliament s 76 seats. It is expected to hold a party congress to choose new leadership, said Dale Choi, an analyst and head of Altan Bumba Financial Group in Ulaanbaatar.  I don t think it means instability  for the government, he said.  I think it means internal party politics. It s clearing the party s decks after a monumental, unexpected presidential loss.  Last month, some 30 members of the parliament, or State Ikh Khural, signed a petition calling for Erdenebat s resignation in the aftermath of the presidential vote, which was won by populist former martial arts star and businessman Khaltmaa Battulga of the opposition Democratic Party. The defeat was seen as a rejection of the MPP government s austerity policies and a reaction to allegations of corruption. In Mongolia s parliamentary democracy, the prime minister is the leader of the government, and the president has limited powers including the ability to veto legislation and to propose laws to parliament. Higher coal prices this year have helped the resource-dependent economy gain momentum. But earlier this year, a slump in foreign investment and declining commodity prices forced Mongolia to agree to a $5.5 billion economic bailout led by the International Monetary Fund, to relieve fiscal strains and try to restore investor confidence.     ",1
20714,Vocal critic of Tanzanian president seriously hurt in gun attack,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Tanzanian opposition lawmaker Tundu Lissu, a fierce critic of President John Magufuli s government, was seriously wounded in a gun attack on Thursday, police and party officials said. Magufuli condemned the shooting and ordered the country s security forces to investigate the incident. Lissu underwent emergency surgery after being shot in the abdomen and other parts of the body by unknown gunmen outside his residence in the administrative capital Dodoma, they said.  Lissu has suffered multiple gunshot wounds and is being treated at the main public hospital in Dodoma,  said Tumaini Makene, spokesman for the main opposition CHADEMA party.  We strongly condemn this attack and are closely monitoring his condition,  the party said in a separate statement. James Kiologwe, a doctor at Dodoma regional hospital, said Lissu was in stable condition. Police said an investigation had been launched into the attack on Lissu, a senior lawyer and CHADEMA s parliamentary chief whip. Police said they did not know what had motivated the attack and the suspects were still at large.  I have been saddened by reports of the shooting of Hon. Tundu Lissu. I pray for his quick recovery,  Magufuli said on Twitter.  Law enforcement agencies should hunt down all those involved in this barbaric act and bring them to justice.  Lissu is a vocal opponent of Magufuli and has been arrested on several occasions and charged with incitement. He was detained most recently in July after having called Magufuli a dictator. He was subsequently released.  The authorities must take steps to reassure Tanzanians and the world that this shooting was not politically motivated,  rights group Amnesty International said in a statement. ",1
20715,Germany sees jump in citizenship applications from U.S.,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German consulates in the United States have seen a significant rise in requests for citizenship since November 2016, when Donald Trump was elected president, data collected by the German foreign ministry shows. Total citizenship applications - including those filed by U.S. citizens already living in Germany - are reported yearly, with data for this year not expected until summer 2018. However, German consulates receive citizenship requests filed overseas, including those filed by former Germans who were stripped of their citizenship during the Nazi era.  The German government s offices in the United States are currently seeing a significant increase in legal queries related to citizenship issues,  the German interior ministry said in response to an official query by the Greens party. Applications do not ask why an applicant wants to become a citizen, so the reasons for the increase are a matter of conjecture. But applications by German stripped of citizenship during the Nazi era and their descendants rose sharply after the U.S. election in early November. Such applications climbed from 92 in October 2016 to 124 in November, 144 in December and 159 in January 2017. At least 100 people living in the United States have applied every month through June.   Data from the German foreign ministry showed that, all told, 1,190 such applicants sought citizenship in the first eight months of 2017, compared with 792 in the full year of 2016.     Germany has also seen a surge in British nationals applying for German citizenship since the country voted to leave the European Union last year. The Federal Statistics Office said a total of 110,400 foreigners took up German citizenship last year, a 2.9 percent increase from the previous year, with Britons making up the largest share of the increase. ",1
20716,Some Syrian schools erase Assad but tensions rise over Kurdish,"HAZIMA, Syria (Reuters) - The few bullet-marked schools Islamic State did not flatten or booby trap around its former Syrian stronghold of Raqqa are buzzing for the first time in years with the sound of children learning. In the village of Hazima, north of Raqqa, teachers gave ad-hoc alphabet lessons to crammed classrooms on a recent summer s day before the start of term.   Right now, the most important thing is to get children into class,  said teacher Ahmed al-Ahmed, standing next to a hole in the school stairwell left by a mine blast that wounded a colleague. The ultra-hardline Islamic State closed this school and  many others in northern Syria after it seized control of the region in 2014, three years into the country s civil war. Instead it taught children extremist thought in mosques. But now that the group has been ousted from most territory it held in and around Raqqa by a U.S.-backed military alliance, the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a growing debate over education points to the ethnic tensions expected to follow. What is taught in areas under the control of the SDF, which includes Arab militias but is dominated by the Kurdish YPG, is one of many questions over how predominantly Arab parts of northern Syria will be run as they come into the Kurdish fold. Schools around Raqqa will this year teach a new curriculum that is based on old textbooks but erases the Baathist ideology of President Bashar al-Assad, a decision agreed on by Arab and Kurdish teachers alike. But an official in the SDF has floated the immediate introduction of Kurdish lessons in Raqqa schools, an idea that makes local officials bristle. In contrast with other areas under SDF control that have for years taught Kurdish, there are no plans yet to teach the language in mostly Arab Raqqa.  Officials say it would need broad consensus, hinting at concerns that its introduction too quickly would cause unrest.  We wouldn t object to Kurdish teaching. But if it s imposed on schools then there will be problems,  Ahmed said. The YPG has held areas of northeast Syria since early in the six-year-old war which are now under a self-run administration opposed by Assad, who holds the main population centers in the west and is also advancing against Islamic State, and Turkey, a YPG foe which borders Syria. Raqqa is likely to join the administration, officials say. All ethnic groups are represented in the local bodies that run majority Arab regions captured by the SDF as it ousted IS fighters but critics say Kurds dominate decision-making. Reuters interviews with SDF officials and local authorities suggest resentment over Kurdish power is brewing over education plans. A senior SDF adviser and coordinator with the U.S. coalition said he believed Kurdish would be taught to Kurdish pupils around Raqqa this year, following the model for other schools in SDF territory.  No one has opposed this ... every (ethnic) group has the right to study in its own language,  Amed Sido said via the internet. Officials in the Raqqa Civil Council, the newly-formed local governing body, were taken aback.  No, that won t happen without consultations with us and agreement in the council,  Ammar Hussein, an education committee official, said at its office in the town of Ain Issa.  For now it s in Arabic, with English and French lessons.  Echoing several council members, he said Kurdish would be taught only if families requested it, there were enough qualified teachers and the Arab-Kurdish council approved it.  If the people here agree ... there won t be any objection,  said Ali Shanna, another education committee official.  But the Kurd knows the Kurdish language, why does he need to learn it?   A former Kurdish teacher privately derided Shanna s comments.  I hate that attitude. It s ignorance, it s the same thinking as Daesh (Islamic State),  said the teacher, who had been jailed under Assad for writing a Kurdish-language journal. The sensitivity over language has already caused unrest in Hasaka to the northeast, an area controlled for years by the YPG where a new curriculum is taught in Arabic and Kurdish, both now official languages. In demonstrations reported by a monitoring group, protesters called for Arab children not to have to learn Kurdish. Mostafa Bali, an SDF official, said there was no intention to force Kurdish on Arabs, or to suppress Arabic.  We don t support racism over language. But there are many Kurds who would like to see Arabic teaching banned in Kurdish areas as revenge for the Baath (teaching),  he said. The Baathist curriculum championed Arab nationalism over ethnic identity. Kurdish pupils were punished for speaking their mother tongue in school playgrounds. Now, even in some Arab-majority towns, Kurds are taught Kurdish. Officials in Raqqa are determined to do things their way, regardless of what they say are potential military threats from Assad or neighboring Turkey.  We won t let Turkey or anyone else interfere in our internal affairs. We decide what we ll teach or not teach,  Leila Mostafa, the Kurdish co-president of the Raqqa Civil Council said. At Hazima school, teachers worry about both the legacy left by Islamic State and Assad, and future political upheaval.  One kid turned up singing Islamic State chants,  teacher Ahmed Saoud said.  The teachers say  racist  Baathist modules help fuel Syria s conflict and are anxious to begin the new curriculum.  It s urgent we start teaching. The next phase will be difficult - there ll be a reckoning between factions,  Ahmed al-Ahmed said, without specifying which groups he was referring to.  A reckoning, in general.  ",1
20717,"EPA waives requirements on sale, production of gasoline due to storms","(Reuters) - The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has issued waivers on certain federal requirements for the sale, production and blending of gasoline to avoid supply shortfalls in the aftermath of Tropical Storm Harvey and as Hurricane Irma approaches Florida, the agency said Thursday. The EPA said winter-grade gasoline will be allowed to be sold through September 15 in most states in the country other than those on the West Coast and in the Rocky Mountains. It also temporarily waived federal requirements covering the production and blending of winter gasoline through September 26, it said. ",1
20718,Former guerrilla coalition gets mandate to form Kosovo government,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - Ramush Haradinaj, a former guerrilla fighter who has twice stood trial for war crimes, was chosen on Thursday to form a new government in Kosovo, ending a political deadlock that has persisted since elections on June 11. President Hashim Thaci gave Haradinaj the mandate after his coalition struck an agreement with a smaller party that paved the way for them to take power. Haradinaj s coalition comprises parties made up of former guerrillas who fought Serbian forces in 1998 and 1999. That campaign led to accusations of war crimes against him, but he was acquitted twice by a United Nations war crimes tribunal. The coalition signed an agreement on Monday with the smaller New Alliance for Kosovo (AKR) party to put together a new government, an agreement that gives them 62 seats in the 120-seat parliament [nL8N1L42QO. The AKR is led by Behgjet Pacolli, whom media call the richest man in Kosovo.  Haradinaj is expected to present his program to parliament on Saturday, after which the government should be elected.   The new government will confront unemployment running at 30 percent and uncertain relations with Kosovo s neighbors, especially Serbia, a precondition for both countries to move forward in their efforts to join the European Union. It must also reform health and education and the tax administration system as well as include representatives of some 120,000 Kosovo Serbs who do not recognize independence. Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008, almost a decade after NATO air strikes drove out Serbian forces that had been accused of expelling and killing ethnic Albanian civilians in a two-year counter-insurgency. ",1
20719,Exiled Chinese tycoon Guo seeking asylum in U.S.,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Guo Wengui, an exiled Chinese billionaire who has accused some of the most senior officials of China s Communist Party of corruption, has applied for political asylum in the United States, his lawyer said. Thomas Ragland, a Washington-based lawyer, said Guo, who lives in New York and is in the United States on a tourist visa expiring this year, applied for asylum on Wednesday because he feared his accusations had made him a  political opponent of the Chinese regime .  This step was taken because of his very real concerns of his safety and risks he would face from the Chinese regime because of his videos, his Twitter posts, the things that he s said and written,  Ragland told Reuters by phone on Thursday.  Guo, who is also known as Miles Kwok, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said he was unaware of the situation when asked about it at a daily news briefing in Beijing earlier on Thursday. Guo, who left China in 2014, has emerged as a political threat to China s government in a sensitive year, unleashing a deluge of corruption allegations against high-level officials of the ruling party through Twitter posts and video blogs. The businessman has made it clear that he wants to disrupt an important Communist Party congress, which is held every five years and due to begin on Oct. 18. Despite providing scant evidence to back up his accusations, Guo s standing as a former billionaire insider with ties to senior intelligence officials has meant his online video streams and prolific tweeting command attention, as well as the ire of Beijing. Interpol issued a global  red notice  for Guo s arrest in April, at Beijing s request, while articles in China s state-controlled media have accused him of crimes including bribery, fraud, and embezzlement. Guo denies the accusations. Guo is also being sued for defamation in the United States by several Chinese individuals and companies, including the HNA Group conglomerate. Ragland said Guo feared that China could soon file criminal charges against him that were politically motivated and request American authorities to cancel his visa.  Filing an application for asylum, Ragland said, triggers protections both under U.S. and international law that would allow Guo to remain in the country for the duration his application was being processed, the national average for which is two to three years. ",1
20720,Greece 'ready and determined' to exit bailout in 2018: PM,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece is  ready and determined  to exit its international bailout next August, putting an end to years of crisis and uncertainty, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said on Thursday. Greece s third EU/IMF bailout since 2010 is due to expire in August 2018.   We are absolutely ready and determined to move in this direction and I m certain our lenders have the same approach of avoiding hurdles and delays,  Tsipras said during joint press conference in Athens with French President Emanuel Macron.  It is important not only for Greece, it is important for Europe,  Tsipras said.  The final end of the Greek crisis will signal Europe s passage into a new era of less uncertainty.  ",1
20721,"Exclusive: U.N. expects up to 300,000 Rohingya could flee Myanmar violence to Bangladesh","COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Up to 300,000 Rohingya Muslims could flee violence in northwestern Myanmar to neighboring Bangladesh, a U.N. agency official said on Wednesday, warning of a funding shortfall for emergency food supplies for the refugees. According to estimates issued by United Nations workers in Bangladesh s border region of Cox s Bazar, arrivals since the latest bloodshed started 12 days ago have already reached 146,000. Numbers are difficult to establish with any certainty due to the turmoil as Rohingya escape operations by Myanmar s military. However, the U.N. officials have raised their estimate of the total expected refugees from 120,000 to 300,000, said Dipayan Bhattacharyya, who is Bangladesh spokesman for the World Food Programme.   They are coming in nutritionally deprived, they have been cut off from a normal flow of food for possibly more than a month,  he told Reuters.  They were definitely visibly hungry, traumatized.   The surge of refugees, many sick or wounded, has strained the resources of aid agencies and communities which are already helping hundreds of thousands displaced by previous waves of violence in Myanmar. Many have no shelter, and aid agencies are racing to provide clean water, sanitation and food. Bhattacharyya said the refugees were now arriving by boat as well as crossing the land border at numerous points. Another U.N. worker in the area cautioned that the estimates were not  hard science , given the chaos and lack of access to the area on the Myanmar side where the military is still conducting its  clearance operation . The source added that the 300,000 number was probably toward the worst-case scenario.  The latest violence began when Rohingya insurgents attacked dozens of police posts and an army base. The ensuing clashes and a military counter-offensive killed at least 400 people and triggered the exodus of villagers to Bangladesh. In a letter to the U.N. Security Council on Tuesday, Secretary-General Antonio Guterres expressed concern that the violence could spiral into a  humanitarian catastrophe . Based on the prediction that 300,000 could arrive, the WFP calculated that it would need $13.3 million in additional funding to provide high-energy biscuits and basic rice rations for four months. Bhattacharyya called for donors to meet the shortfall urgently.  If they don t come forward now, we may see that these people would be fighting for food among themselves, the crime rate would go up, violence against women and on children would go up,  he said. ",1
20722,YRC Worldwide closes Florida terminals due to hurricane,"(Reuters) - YRC Worldwide Inc said on Thursday it has closed terminals in the Florida localities of Fort Pierce, Miami, Tampa, and West Palm Beach due to Hurricane Irma. ",1
20723,EU tells Britain to protect data or delete them after Brexit,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union wants Britain to protect data it has in storage on continental Europeans after Brexit and maintain bans on cheap imitations of locally branded EU produce like cognac or Parma ham. The proposals were among those made in further position papers published by the European Commission s Brexit negotiators on Thursday for consultation with the other 27 EU member states which offered a glimpse of thinking in Brussels about future trade ties with Britain, despite an EU refusal to start talks. The British government has voiced frustration at the refusal of EU negotiators to open discussions on a future free trade pact until London makes concessions on elements that must be settled to avoid legal chaos when Britain leaves in March 2019. However, in spelling out what it wants to happen on some issues on Brexit Day, the Union is having to say what it wants after that point - for example, on the protection of personal data gathered on either side of the English Channel under EU law or on trademarks and other intellectual property. The paper on data protection says Britain may continue to use data gathered before exit day once it has left the EU as long as it continues applying the same level of protection, otherwise it must destroy the data. Britain will also lose access to EU  networks, information systems and databases  on the day it leaves, the paper says. That would include, for example, the information system underpinning the European Health Insurance Card (EHIC) scheme. It makes no mention of how data could continue to flow after Brexit, unlike the British paper which sought continued close collaboration with the EU on data protection once Britain quits the bloc. In a separate paper on intellectual property, the EU said Britain must have legislation in place to keep on protecting locally branded produce under the Protected Geographical Indication (PGI) scheme. The PGI system identifies products as originating from a particular region, like Cornish pasties or Roquefort cheese, meaning others cannot market imitations with that same name. ",1
20724,Three policemen killed in Peru in drug-trafficking region: government,"LIMA (Reuters) - Three Peruvian policemen were killed in an attack on patrol vehicles in a drug-trafficking region controlled by a remnant band of Shining Path rebels, the interior ministry said on Thursday. Authorities are investigating the attack, which occurred late on Wednesday in the jungle region known as the VRAEM, where most of Peru s cocaine is produced, the ministry said. The Maoist-inspired Shining Path largely ended its armed rebellion in the 1990s on orders from the group s leaders.  But a faction that refused to put down its weapons occasionally ambushes state security forces in the region, where rebels work with drug traffickers. So far this year, nine police or military officers have been killed in the VRAEM in a sign the Shining Path faction has regrouped after two top leaders were killed in 2013, said Peruvian security analyst Pedro Yaranga.  This is going to continue,  he said. Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called the latest incident a  cowardly attack  and the interior ministry said it would increase security operations in the region. ",1
20725,German election chief urges action to ensure vote software can't be hacked,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s election chief has urged state officials to address vulnerabilities in vote collation software, just weeks before a Sept. 24 election that officials fear could be subject to foreign interference. Germans will vote on paper at polling stations or by mail in advance and the ballots will be counted and entered into a computer system, but two news reports published on Thursday cited concerns about the software, particularly the lack of an authentication step when results are transmitted. Die Zeit said Martin Tschirsich, a 29-year-old computer expert, had been able to find passwords on the internet to gain access to the maintenance program for the  PC-Wahl  (PC-Election) software, which would allow it to be manipulated.  The election is not secure. It can be hacked,  he told the weekly newspaper. Similar concerns were raised by another IT expert in the online version of Der Spiegel magazine. The reports come after repeated warnings from government officials that Russia could try to interfere in the election. French and U.S. intelligence officials say Moscow sought to influence recent votes there.  Russia denies the accusations. Responding to the media reports, Federal Election Director Dieter Sarreither said he was familiar with the problems identified and had asked state officials and the software company, vote-iT, to take steps to shore up security. vote-iT had no immediate comment. The measures Sarreither demanded include the mandatory installation of software patches and the development of new steps aimed at ensuring the authenticity of the election results sent digitally, perhaps through telephone calls. That would ensure that any errors in data transmission are recognized and corrected before preliminary election results are released, Sarreither said, adding that actual results could not be manipulated as they were based on paper ballots. The security of the data was more important than the speed with which results were released, his office said. Germany s federal cyber protection agency, BSI, said it had worked closely with election officials and the software manufacturer to improve the security of election results.  In the future, only information technology based on BSI-certified software should be used for election processes,  BSI chief Arne Schoenbohm said. ",1
20726,"German, Chinese leaders agree on need to tighten North Korea sanctions","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Chinese President Xi Jinping agreed in a telephone call on Thursday about the need to tighten sanctions against North Korea in light of Pyongyang s latest nuclear weapons test, a spokesman for Merkel said. Both leaders expressed deep concern about the current situation in North Korea, and viewed the latest North Korean nuclear weapons test as a significant danger for the security of the entire region, as well as a violation of international law, Steffen Seibert said in a statement.  Both leaders said they supported a tightening of the sanctions against North Korea,  he said.  At the same time, however, it was important to continue seeking dialogue to peacefully resolve the current tensions, he added. ",1
20727,"Hurricane Irma kills three in Puerto Rico, government says","SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Three people died when Hurricane Irma hit the island of Puerto Rico, including a 79-year-old woman, the territory s governor said on Thursday. The elderly woman, who the government described as bedridden, died after a fall while being transported to a shelter. The other fatalities were a woman in Camuy, who was electrocuted in her home and a man who died of injuries suffered in a traffic accident in Can vanas during the storm, according to a statement from Governor Ricard Rossello. ",1
20728,"NuStar's St. Eustatius terminal damaged by Irma, no restart date set","HOUSTON (Reuters) - Nustar Energy s oil terminal in the Caribbean island of St. Eustatius suffered damage to several tanks and other equipment due to Hurricane Irma, but all the U.S. firm s employees are safe and no oil spills were registered, it said in a statement. NuStar s Statia terminal has the capacity to store 13.03 million barrels of crude and products. The company also said that no restart date has yet been set, and that it will be working on Thursday to restore power at the facility.  Despite the damage and major clean-up effort, we feel like we fared very well considering the significant power of this storm,  it said.  ",1
20729,Tanzanian minister quits after diamond mining investigation: state TV,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - A Tanzanian minister who was named in reports on the results of an investigation into the diamond mining industry has resigned, state-run television broadcaster TBC1 said on Thursday. TBC1 said that George Simbachawene, the Minister of State in the President s Office, had relinquished his post. ",1
20730,Russian military chief meets NATO General to soothe war games fears: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - General Valery Gerasimov, the chief of Russia s general staff, on Thursday used a meeting with General Petr Pavel, the chairman of the NATO military committee, to reassure him about upcoming Russian war games, the Interfax news agency reported.  The Zapad-2017 war games this month have stirred unease in some countries because Russian troops and military hardware will be training inside Belarus, a Russian ally which borders Ukraine as well as NATO member states Poland, Latvia and Lithuania. Interfax said Gerasimov, during a meeting in Azerbaijan, had told Pavel that the war games were purely defensive in nature, not aimed at any third countries, and designed to help secure the security of Belarus.    ",1
20731,Xi calls for concerted effort to resolve Korean peninsula issue: Xinhua,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping urged the international community to make concerted efforts to solve the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula, in a phone call with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the official Xinhua news agency said on Thursday. During the telephone conversation, Xi said that facts had repeatedly proven that an ultimate settlement of the nuclear issue can only be found through peaceful means, including dialogue and consultation, Xinhua said. ",1
20732,France offers Belgium to supply its army with Rafale war planes,"PARIS (Reuters) - France has offered Belgium a deal to purchase Dassault Aviation s Rafale war planes, the French Defence ministry said on Thursday, as Brussels seeks to replace 34 of its Lockheed Martin s F-16 planes.  The Defence minister, Florence Parly, has offered the Belgian Defence minister to setup an in-depth partnership between our two countries in order to respond to the need expressed by the Belgian air force,  the ministry said. Dassault Aviation had no immediate comment. ",1
20733,U.S. charges former Turkish minister with Iran sanctions evasion,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - U.S. prosecutors have charged a former Turkish economy minister and the ex-head of a state-owned bank with conspiring to violate Iran sanctions by illegally moving hundreds of millions of dollars through the U.S. financial system on Tehran s behalf. The indictment marks the first time an ex-government member with close ties to President Tayyip Erdogan has been charged in an investigation that has strained ties between Washington and Ankara. Ex-minister Zafer Caglayan was also charged with taking bribes in cash and jewelry worth tens of millions of dollars. The charges stem from the case against Reza Zarrab, a wealthy Turkish-Iranian gold trader who was arrested in the United States over sanctions evasion last year. Erdogan has said U.S. authorities had  ulterior motives  in charging Zarrab, who has pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors have now charged Caglayan and former Halkbank general manager Suleyman Aslan and two others, according to the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York. They were charged with  conspiring to use the U.S. financial system to conduct hundreds of millions of dollars  worth of transactions on behalf of the government of Iran and other Iranian entities, which were barred by United States sanctions,  U.S. prosecutors said in a statement dated Wednesday. They were also accused of lying to U.S. government officials about the transactions, laundering funds and defrauding several financial institutions by concealing the true nature of the transactions, prosecutors said. Reuters was not immediately able to reach Caglayan or Aslan for comment. Halkbank said all of its transactions have always fully complied with national and international regulations, adding that news regarding the U.S. case  misleads  the public and investors. Relations between Washington and NATO ally Turkey, an important partner in tackling the Syrian conflict, were strained after a failed coup against Erdogan in July last year and the president s subsequent crackdown on opposition. Ankara is seeking, so far without success, extradition of a U.S.-based Muslim cleric it accuses of backing the coup attempt. The cleric, Fethullah Gulen, denies the allegation. Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci defended his predecessor and said U.S. prosecutors had yet to prove their accusations.  Caglayan did not do anything against Turkey s interests,  Zeybekci told reporters.  It is no concern to Turkey if Caglayan acted against interests of other countries.  Both Caglayan and Aslan are also accused of taking bribes, according to the indictment.  Caglayan, who was serving as Minister of the Economy... received tens of millions of dollars  worth of bribes in cash and jewelry from the proceeds of the scheme to provide services to the government of Iran and conceal those services from U.S. government officials,  prosecutors said. U.S. prosecutors have said that between 2010 and 2015 Zarrab and others worked to conceal his ability to supply currency and gold to Iran through the Turkish bank, avoiding U.S. sanctions. As part of that scheme, Zarrab and others used front companies and fake invoices to trick U.S. banks into processing transactions disguised to appear as though they involved food, and thus were exempt from the sanctions, prosecutors have said. The U.S. indictment echoes charges in a leaked 2014 Turkish police document, reported by Reuters, which detailed allegations that a  crime organization  had helped Iran exploit a loophole in Western sanctions that allowed it to purchase gold with oil and gas revenues. When the West prohibited the gold trade in 2013 as a sanctions violation, the police report alleged the network concocted records of shipments of food at preposterous volumes and prices to continue giving Iran access to foreign currency. Iran emerged from years of economic isolation in January 2016, when world powers lifted the crippling sanctions in return for Tehran complying with a deal to curb its nuclear ambitions. The sanctions had cut off the country of 80 million people from the global financial system, slashed its exports and imposed severe economic hardship on Iranians.  Caglayan, Aslan and others indicted in the case on Wednesday remain at large, prosecutors said.  Zarrab and a Halkbank deputy general manager, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, were arrested while in the United States. Zarrab was detained in March 2016 and Atilla a year later. Both are scheduled to appear for trial in October. Zarrab has hired former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey to defend him against the charges.  Giuliani has said that both U.S. and Turkish officials remained  receptive  to a diplomatic solution due to the nature of the charges against Zarrab and the importance of Turkey as an ally. A decree issued two weeks ago gave Erdogan authority to approve the exchange of foreigners detained or convicted in Turkey with people held in other countries  in situations required by national security or national interests . Shares of Halkbank were down 3.4 percent at 13.81 lira as of 1337 GMT, underperforming the benchmark BIST 100 index, which was flat. ",1
20734,Moldova sends troops to NATO drills despite presidential veto,"CHISINAU (Reuters) - The Moldovan government said on Thursday it has sent 57 servicemen to Ukraine to participate in military exercises starting this week, deepening a row with the pro-Russian president who had vetoed the move.  The drills in western Ukraine from Sept. 8-23 will be conducted mainly by NATO member countries, including the United States, the United Kingdom and Turkey.  They coincide with war games known as  Zapad , or  West , by thousands of Russian troops in Belarus, the Baltic Sea, western Russia and the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad. The Russian exercises have worried NATO despite Moscow s assurances troops would rehearse a purely defensive scenario.    Moldova is governed by a pro-Western government and a pro-Moscow president, meaning frequent clashes over foreign policy, especially where relations with Russia and the European Union are concerned.  The government s plans to send troops were vetoed by President Igor Dodon, who argued that Moldova is bound by its constitution to stay neutral. The defense ministry ignored the president, who is also Moldova s commander-in-chief.  Officially I confirm that, despite all the obstacles, 57 servicemen of Moldova, as was planned earlier, just an hour ago went by bus to participate in NATO military exercises, which start on Friday in Ukraine,  Defence Ministry spokeswoman Diana Gradinaru said.  Earlier this year Dodon banned the participation of military personnel in NATO exercises in Romania, prompting complaints by the U.S. and Romanian ambassadors. Moldova has been governed by pro-Western governments since 2009 and signed a trade pact with the EU in 2014. Russia retaliated by halting imports of Moldovan farm produce, depriving the country of a key market for its wine, fruit and vegetables. Relations suffered further this year due to a dispute in March over the treatment of Moldovan officials traveling to or through Russia, and the expulsion of Russian diplomats in May. In August, Moldova declared Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin persona non grata, accusing him of making defamatory remarks about Moldovan government officials.  ",1
20735,Merkel call to stop Turkey's EU bid draws mixed response,"TALLINN/PARIS (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel s call to stop Turkey s European Union accession talks drew a mixed response from the bloc s foreign ministers on Thursday, while French President Emmanuel Macron said Ankara remained a vital partner of the EU. NATO allies Germany and Turkey have traded increasingly bitter words over the last two years, contributing to an overall souring of Ankara s relations with the EU. President Tayyip Erdogan s crackdown on dissent following a failed 2016 coup attempt has drawn broad condemnation in the bloc. Merkel announced her toughened stance on Turkey s long-stalled EU bid in a TV debate last Sunday as she faced off with her main rival in national elections due on Sept. 24. Her Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, arriving for talks with his EU colleagues in the Estonian capital Tallinn, said it was Turkey itself that was moving away from the EU. Austria s Sebastian Kurz reiterated his line that the talks should end.  But Finland and Lithuania spoke out against breaking off the talks, which opened formally in 2005 but stalled over Erdogan s track record on human rights and the unresolved issue of Cyprus - a Mediterranean island that belongs to the EU but of which part falls under an unrecognized protectorate of Turkey.  No, we should continue the process and engagement. It s not easy but we have to value contacts,  Lithuania s Linas Linkevicius told reporters.  By stopping, by cutting, we will ...encourage them even more to go away. I think the effect would be the opposite than what we d wish.  EU entry talks, no matter how protracted, had long been seen in themselves as a stimulus to Turkish democratic reform; but EU officials see a slide back in recent years with judicial independence and freedom of speech in peril. Turkey s EU ties minister, Omer Celik, is due to join the bloc s 28 officials for talks in Tallinn later on Thursday. The EU is wary of upsetting Erdogan, eager to preserve a deal that stemmed the mass migration via Turkey of people from conflict zones in the tumultuous Middle East.   We have to tread very carefully and, while discussing Turkey s status as a candidate country, we should also discuss the future relationship in all its aspects,  Estonia s Sven Mikser said in Tallinn. He said he did not expect the EU to make any formal decision this year, adding that the bloc needed to cooperate with Ankara on migration and security in particular. The French president told Greece s Kathimerini newspaper that ties with Turkey should be maintained.  Turkey has indeed strayed away from the European Union in recent months and worryingly overstepped the mark in ways that cannot be ignored,  he said.  But I want to avoid a split because it s a vital partner in many crises we all face, notably the immigration challenge and the terrorist threat.  With other countries in the EU also advocating more  strategic patience , the unanimity of 28 member states required to kill off Turkey s bid seems absent. But suspending accession talks, which the European Parliament has already called for repeatedly, would only require the backing of majority of EU states. Merkel wants to discuss that with fellow EU leaders at their summit planned in October 19-20, more than three weeks after  Germany s election. A senior Turkish official said EU states must decide whether they wanted Turkey as a member, but there was a sense  they no longer want the marriage...(but) want cohabitation . Kati Piri, a European Parliament speaker on Turkey, advised suspending the membership track but pushing ahead with customs union talks as the  most realistic leverage the EU can now have to try negotiate some standards with Turkey .  Turkey under this government does not even uphold the minimum human rights standards now. But we should not take away the EU perspective from the Turkish people, and in suspending talks we would have to name conditions for reviving them.   But this German twist is triggered by German elections, not by some change on the side of Turkey. So what does Merkel really mean? I think it s likely she will return to her usual pragmatism after the elections,  Piri told Reuters. ",1
20736,The millionaire socialist who may be Norway's next prime minister,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norway s next prime minister could be a man born into wealth and privilege who became the unlikely leader of the Labour Party, the political home of the working class. Jonas Gahr Stoere, 57, hopes to replace Conservative Prime Minister Erna Solberg, 56, after a Sept. 11 parliamentary election. With the left and right neck-and-neck in the polls and many voters undecided, the race is too close to call.  If he wins, it would be a victory for a millionaire, whose background was once deemed an obstacle to his ambition to lead a party rooted in the struggle for workers  rights. Stoere got massive attention in the media in 2013 when he failed, apparently by accident, to raise the national flag outside his house on International Workers  Day on May 1 - an important tradition in the labor movement.  I have not grown up in the traditional working class and I cannot explain my background away. Like everyone else I m the sum of my experiences,  he told the tabloid VG at the time. With a net worth of 64.5 million Norwegian crowns ($8.3 million), media interest in Stoere s investments has at times threatened to overshadow his campaign, leading him last week to divest stakes in a mutual fund that did not comply with the same ethical standards as the sovereign wealth fund. He served as foreign minister and health minister in the two cabinets of his friend, prime minister Jens Stoltenberg, in 2005-2013, and became Labour Party leader when Stoltenberg was named NATO Secretary General.  In 2010, while foreign minister, Stoere helped broker a deal to delineate an Arctic offshore border between Norway and Russia that had been in dispute for four decades.   Stoere was a very popular foreign minister, but has experienced problems as party leader,  Toril Aalberg, a professor of political science at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology in Trondheim told Reuters.  While there is a greater degree of consensus in Norwegian foreign policy, there is a greater degree of disagreement in domestic policy matters.  The son of a shipbroker, Stoere credits his conversion to social democracy to his move to study in France where he was confronted with starker class differences.  I learnt what kind of society I wanted to live in. In France, differences between people are large, larger than in Norway   between rich and poor, between those with education and those without, between city and countryside,  he wrote in a column for Norway s ABC News website in June.  In Norway, we have shaped a society where there are fewer differences. But we are not immune to this and this is not a given.  He attended Paris  prestigious Sciences Po university, became engaged in the movement to support Soviet dissidents, and traveled to the Soviet Union to provide supplies and support.  He organized a protest in support of Andrei Sakharov, then held in internal exile, persuading French star Yves Montand, a long-time Communist sympathizer, to deliver a letter to the Soviet embassy in Paris calling for the Nobel laureate s freedom. When he returned to Norway, Stoere worked closely with Norway s first female prime minister, Gro Harlem Brundtland, known as the  mother of the nation  in Norway, first as an adviser and later a senior civil servant under several governments between 1989 and 1997.  From 1998 to 2000 he followed Brundtland to the World Health Organisation to serve as chief of staff to the new executive director. He was also Secretary General of the Norwegian Red Cross from 2003 to 2005. If Labour wins the Sept. 11 vote, it would spend less money from Norway s near-trillion dollar sovereign wealth fund and instead raise taxes, arguing that the growth in oil revenue spending must slow.  Sound public finances are critical for welfare and critical for productivity,  Stoere told Reuters in an interview in June. Stoere also said he would be careful about allowing the sovereign wealth fund into new asset classes.  Political risk is clearly one issue. Spreading the focus of the fund too much is another one,  he said. To govern, Labour will need the support of the Centre Party, whose main support is in rural areas, with whom it shared power between 2005 and 2013. But depending on the outcome of the vote, Stoere may be in need of the support of the far-left Red Party and would face demands from the small-but-growing Green Party about limiting the reach of Norway s oil industry.  Stoere says he is adamant he would not accept the Green Party s ultimatum of shutting down the industry but his position may be more difficult to defend if he needs their support.  Forming a government is going to be difficult,  said Johannes Bergh, a political scientist at the Institute of Social Research in Oslo. ",1
20737,Spanish PM Rajoy to ask court to revoke Catalan referendum law,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said on Thursday he would ask Spain s constitutional court to revoke a referendum law passed on Wednesday by the Catalan parliament that sets the stage for a Oct. 1 vote on splitting from Spain. The law, passed by a majority of Catalan lawmakers, was unconstitutional, Rajoy told a news conference. Spain s state prosecutors  office said on Thursday it would present criminal charges against leading members of the Catalan parliament for allowing Wednesday s parliamentary vote to go ahead. ",1
20738,Tunisia's new government gets party backing for reform push,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Tunisia s two main parties on Thursday gave parliamentary backing to Prime Minister Youssef Chahed s new cabinet, handing him the initiative to push sensitive economic reforms demanded by the International Monetary Fund. Chahed s cabinet needs strong support to reform public sector wages and overhaul the pension system to improve national finances. Infighting and social protests have kept past governments from pushing through tougher austerity reforms. Chahed on Wednesday named 13 new ministers including heads of the interior, defense and finance ministries. He appointed Taoufik Rajhi, one of his advisors from the Islamist Ennahda party, to a new economic reforms ministry in a deal that ends weeks of party infighting over posts. Rached Ghannouchi, the head of Ennahda party, called his 69 lawmakers in parliament to give a vote of confidence to the coalition government which includes ruling Nidaa Tounes, Machroua Tounes, the Republican and Massar parties.  The new cabinet also includes independents and former ministers who worked with ex-President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, ousted by a popular uprising in 2011. Ennahda won four important ministries, including the new ministry of economic reforms. Nidaa Tounes led by the son of President Beji Caid Essesbi welcomed the reshuffle in which his party secured six new posts and other junior portfolios.  This reshuffle maintained political balances, boosted the political weight of our party, we will give our confidence to the new team,  Sofian Tobal an official in Nidaa Tounes said. Backing from the two main parties means Chahed s government can expect support from at least 150 lawmakers in the 217-seat parliament. Ennahda and Nidaa Tounes have more than 130 seats between them plus the support of smaller parties. Chahed s cabinet needs 109 votes to win a confidence ballot.  This government would be like a war cabinet, in a war against the corruption, against rampant unemployment and a war to save the economy,  Chahed said on Wednesday. He has said he will present parliament with a comprehensive plan to push the economy forward, including accelerating the coordination of public-private partnerships and proposing more incentives to investors.  We will confront the imbalance in public finances, adjust the trade balance and improve the situation of public institutions that are facing difficulties, as well progress on major priority reforms,  he said. Tunisia is struggling to revive its economy and create jobs for frustrated youth. But it is under pressure to reduce deficits by stopping public sector hiring, laying off thousands of state employees and selling shares in some troubled public institutions. Reforms are also expected to include cuts in subsidies for energy and some basic materials, which would be highly sensitive and rejected by Tunisia strong unions who have in the past played the role of political power brokers. ",1
20739,German SPD loses support after television debate: poll,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives widened their lead over the Social Democrats following a television debate in which Merkel came across as more convincing and reliable than her SPD challenger Martin Schulz, a poll showed on Thursday. The weekly survey by Infratest dimap for ARD television showed support for Merkel s CDU/CSU bloc holding steady at 37 percent while the SPD dropped two percentage points to 21 percent - their lowest reading in the poll since early January. The pollster questioned 1,503 voters from Monday to Wednesday, meaning the survey was the first fully conducted after Sunday s television debate in which hardly any policy differences emerged between Merkel and Schulz. The anti-immigration, euro-hostile AfD came in unchanged at 11 percent, making it the third-strongest political force. The radical Left followed with 10 percent, up 1 point. The business-friendly FDP scored 9 percent, also up 1 point, while the environmental Greens were unchanged at 8 percent. The polls indicated two parties FDP and the AfD should enter the Bundestag as they look set to beat the 5-percent threshold. The fractured political landscape could make it hard to form a viable alliance other than the current grand coalition between Merkel s CDU/CSU and the SPD. Another scenario could be a tricky three-way  Jamaica  coalition between Merkel s conservatives, the FDP and the Greens, though such a broad alliance has never been tested on the federal level before. ",1
20740,Aid convoy reaches Syria's Deir al-Zor after three-year siege,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - An aid convoy arrived at Deir al-Zor in eastern Syria on Thursday, bringing supplies to soldiers and civilians days after the Syrian army broke a three-year Islamic State siege, Syrian state media reported. The Syrian army and its allies reached Deir al-Zor on Tuesday in a sudden advance following months of steady progress east across the desert. The army on Thursday advanced against militants in a pocket they still hold further west, pro-Damascus media reported. State TV broadcast footage of scores of residents cheering with relief in Deir al-Zor as the convoy arrived. The United Nations estimated that 93,000 civilians living under Islamic State siege in Deir al-Zor had been in  extremely difficult  conditions, being supplied only by air drops. The 40 trucks that reached the area on Thursday carried basic needs such as fuel, food and medical supplies to civilians, and included two mobile clinics, state news agency SANA reported. The army also holds another besieged enclave at the city s airbase, separated from its advancing forces by hundreds of meters of IS-held ground. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Thursday that the army had not yet connected with that enclave, and was working on expanding its corridor from the west. Islamic State mortar fire on neighborhoods still surrounded near the air base killed at least seven civilians and wounded dozens more on Thursday, the British-based monitoring group said. On Thursday, the army also advanced against Islamic State militants in countryside east of the city of Hama, a media unit run by Damascus ally Hezbollah reported.  The advance, which saw forces recapture two villages there, is part of efforts to drive the militants out of an isolated pocket of territory they control east of Hama and Homs. Separately, the U.S. special envoy to the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State, Brett McGurk, said on Wednesday that a convoy of Islamic State fighters and families from the Syria-Lebanon border was still in open desert. The coalition is using air strikes to block the convoy from reaching IS-held territory in eastern Syria, to which the Syrian army and its ally Hezbollah were escorting it as part of a truce following fighting on the Syria-Lebanon border. Islamic State is fighting separate offensives by both the Syrian army and its allies in eastern and central Syria, as well as the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces in Raqqa. The group has lost nearly half of its territory across both Iraq and Syria, but still has 6,000-8,000 fighters left in Syria, the United States-led coalition has said. ",1
20741,Syrian opposition leader says U.N. mediation has failed,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A prominent Syrian opposition leader said on Thursday U.N. mediation to end the country s six-year conflict has failed and the revolution would continue. Riyad Hijab, chairman of the Saudi-backed High Negotiations Committee (HNC), rejected comments by U.N. special envoy Staffan de Mistura that President Bashar al-Assad s opponents must accept they have not won the war.  De Mistura s statements reflect the defeat of U.N. mediation,  Hijab wrote on Twitter.  The Syrian revolution continues,  he said. De Mistura had repeatedly made  un-studied  remarks on the conflict, he said. Hijab, a former Syrian prime minister under Assad, called for a new a U.N.  approach on the Syrian issue , without elaborating. Assad has won a series of military victories but rebel groups still hold large parts of the northwest of the country and substantial enclaves in the southwest, in Homs province and near Damascus. De Mistura said on Wednesday the opposition must be  unified and realistic  in accepting it had not won the war. He did not say Assad was victorious.  Victory can only be if there is a sustainable political long-term solution,  de Mistura said, suggesting the conflict was almost over because many countries were involved principally to defeat Islamic State and a national ceasefire should follow. The remarks come ahead of a round of Syria talks between Damascus allies Russia and Iran and opposition backer Turkey in Astana next week. Several rounds of negotiations in Astana and a separate U.N.-sponsored track in Geneva between the government and the HNC have produced no visible progress on ending the war that broke out after a popular uprising in 2011. Russia and Iran have stood by Assad. Some Western countries have softened their initial stance that he should leave power immediately, saying he could be part of a transitional period. ",1
20742,"Pakistan's anti-corruption agency starts criminal investigation into ex-PM, finance minister","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s anti-corruption agency will open a criminal investigation into former prime minister Nawaz Sharif and current finance minister Ishaq Dar, it said on Thursday. Sharif was ousted in July after the Supreme Court deemed him unfit to hold office for not declaring a small source of income, and ordered the agency, the National Accountability Bureau (NAB), to instigate a criminal investigation into him, his family and Dar. The agency said its investigation would rely on the evidence collected by a Supreme Court-appointed six-man panel that was investigating the Sharif family s wealth and included officers from powerful military intelligence agencies.  The chairman (of) NAB directed that the prosecution of the cases will be followed up vigorously in the concerned Accountability Courts,  the agency said in a statement. Sharif, his family, and Dar have denied any wrongdoing.  The three-time premier said he never received the income that investigators said he did not declare.  Sharif has said there was a conspiracy against him but did not identify anyone. Instead, he named long-time loyalist Shahid Khaqan Abbasi as his replacement as prime minister until the next election, expected in mid-2018. Pakistan has for decades been plagued by pervasive graft, as well as by rivalry between the military and civilian politicians. The NAB s conviction rates are notoriously low and Sharif has multiple investigations by the agency pending against him, including one dating back to 1999. ",1
20743,French police find more explosives after raid near Paris,"PARIS (Reuters) - French police unearthed a second stash of explosive materials near Paris on Thursday after a similar find in a nearby suburb on Wednesday, a justice official said as three suspects were questioned by anti-terrorism investigators. Thursday s swoop was carried out at a garage rented by one of the three detained in the wake of Wednesday s raid on an apartment in Villejuif, on the southern edge of the French capital, the source said. Materials used to produce TATP, an explosive often used by suicide bombers, were found at the flat after a plumber phoned  police to report suspect activity there, Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said.  Two people in their 30s and 40s were arrested in the immediate wake of Wednesday s raid, said Collomb, who added that the suspects were being questioned on suspicion of terrorist activity despite talking of a bank heist. A third man was arrested overnight, a source said.  Those under investigation spoke of wanting to blow up a bank with the TATP but they way we see it is they have links with terrorism, and this is the channel of investigation,  Collomb told public radio station franceinfo. That line of inquiry was prompted by information found in telephone communications after the raid, he added. The minister spoke before developments later in the day in which police found explosive materials at a garage in Thiais, southeast of Paris.  More than 230 people have been killed by Islamist-inspired attackers in the past three years in France, which along with the United States and other countries are bombing Islamic State bases in Iraq and Syria. TATP, an unstable explosive, has been used by militants in several attacks in western Europe in recent years, including Manchester in May, Brussels in 2016 and Paris in 2015. ",1
20744,Florida residents heed Irma warnings after Harvey's destruction,"FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (Reuters) - Hurricane Harvey s destruction in Texas may not have altered Florida s well-tested storm plans, but it appears to have infused residents with a new sense of urgency as they prepare for approaching Hurricane Irma. Officials said Harvey s devastating flooding, coupled with the sheer power of Irma, ranked as the strongest Atlantic storm on record, had sharpened the focus of Floridians who were somewhat indifferent about preparing for past hurricanes.  A lot of times they end up having hurricane parties here instead of evacuating,  Monroe County spokeswoman Cammy Clark said by phone.  That s been the opposite this time around.  Monroe County includes the Florida Keys, which ordered evacuations for all residents and tourists. Clark said she saw a steady stream of traffic leaving the travel destination as she drove to work early on Wednesday. The U.S. National Hurricane Center forecasts that Irma may strike southern Florida on Saturday, when it could still be a major hurricane.  As it neared Puerto Rico on Wednesday with maximum sustained winds of 185 miles per hour (295 kph), Irma was a Category 5 storm, the highest level on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale of intensity.  This storm is bigger, faster and stronger than Hurricane Andrew,  Florida Governor Rick Scott told a news conference on Wednesday, referring to one of the costliest storms in U.S. history that struck southern Miami-Dade County 25 years ago. For south Florida, Hurricane Irma  is a once-in-a-generation storm. It s the Big One for us,  Ed Rappaport, acting director of the hurricane center, told WFOR-TV in Miami on Wednesday evening.  Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez on Wednesday evening announced mandatory evacuations for most of the county s coastal cities beginning at 9 a.m. (1300 GMT) on Thursday. Miami-Dade has a population of 2.7 million. The evacuation orders affect more than 100,000 residents, the Miami Herald reported. Miami Beach Mayor Philip Levine had already urged residents of that city on Tuesday to evacuate.  We don t want any heroes,  he said.  We want people to bring themselves to a safer place than a barrier island.  Officials across Florida said they saw signs of people taking Irma more seriously than past storms.  Residents were stocking up on water and batteries and even complaining that county leaders were not being quick enough to announce evacuations, said Don Walker, spokesman for Brevard County Emergency Management. Houston officials were criticized for not ordering an evacuation ahead of the flooding that left hundreds of people in the country s fourth-largest city trapped in their homes.  Everyone is really in tune with this storm system. My neighbors are talking about it, and we don t usually do that,  Walker said. For years, many Florida residents, joined by an ever-growing number of newcomers, paid little heed to hurricane warnings as most opted to stay in their homes, county officials said. Not this time around.  I ll tell you for the community, heck yeah, they re taking this more seriously,  said Teri Barbera, spokeswoman for the Palm Beach County Sheriff s Office, noting that many stores were out of bottled water by Monday.  They re not playing.  ",1
20745,China tightens control of chat groups ahead of party congress,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China issued new rules on instant messaging chat groups on Thursday, tightening control over online discussions ahead of a sensitive leadership reshuffle next month. Beijing has been ramping up measures to secure the internet and maintain strict censorship, a process that has accelerated ahead of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party, when global attention will be on the world s No.2 economy. Group chats on instant messaging apps and online commenting threads have seen a surge in popularity in China in recent years as forums for discussion, partly because they are private for members and so in theory are subject to less censorship. Internet chat service providers must now verify the identities of their users and keep a blog of group chats for no less than six months, the Cyberspace Administration of China said in a statement released on its website  The rules, which take effect on Oct 8, just before the congress is due to begin, will cover platforms provided by China s internet titans, such as Tencent s WeChat and QQ, Baidu s Tieba and Alibaba s Alipay chat.  The regulations also require companies to establish a credit system, and to provide group chat services to users in accordance to their credit rating, CAC said. Chat group participants who break the rules will see their credit scores lowered, their rights to manage group chats suspended or revoked and should be reported to the relevant government department, it added. The CAC did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment sent after office hours on Thursday.     The administration also said the owner of the chat group should bear responsibility for the management of the group.  Whoever owns the group should be responsible, and whoever manages the group should be responsible,  it said. The new rules are the latest requirement for China s internet giants, who have already been subject to investigations from the CAC into their top social media sites for failing to comply with cyber laws.  The administration has already taken down popular celebrity gossip social media accounts and extended restrictions on what news can be produced and distributed by online platforms, and has embarked on a campaign to remove virtual private network apps, which allow users to access websites blocked by the authorities. ",1
20746,'And then they exploded': How Rohingya insurgents built support for assault,"YANGON (Reuters) - When the former U.N. chief Kofi Annan wrapped up his year-long probe into Myanmar s troubled northwest on Aug. 24, he publicly warned that an excessive army response to violence would only make a simmering conflict between Rohingya insurgents and Myanmar security forces worse. Just three hours later, shortly after 8 p.m., Rohingya insurgent leader Ata Ullah sent a message to his supporters urging them to head to the foot of the remote Mayu mountain range with metal objects to use as weapons. A little after midnight, 600 km northwest of the country s largest city Yangon, a rag-tag army of Rohingya militants, wielding knives, sticks, small weapons and crude bombs, attacked 30 police posts and an army base.  If 200 or 300 people come out, 50 will die. God willing, the remaining 150 can kill them with knives,  said Ata Ullah in a separate voice message to his supporters. It was circulated around the time of the offensive on mobile messaging apps and a recording was subsequently reviewed by Reuters. The assault by Ata Ullah s group, the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), was its biggest yet. Last October, when the group first surfaced, it attacked just three police border posts using about 400 fighters, according to Myanmar government estimates. The Myanmar army is now estimating up to 6,500 people took part in the August offensive. Its ability to mount a much more ambitious assault indicates that many young Rohingya men have been galvanized into supporting ARSA following the army crackdown after the October attacks, according to interviews with more than a dozen Rohingya and Rakhine villagers, members of the security forces and local administrators. The brutal October response led to allegations that troops burned down villages and killed and raped civilians. The crisis in ethnically-riven Rakhine state is the biggest to face Myanmar s leader Aung San Suu Kyi, and her handling of it has been a source of disillusionment among the democracy champion s former supporters in the West. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres appealed to Myanmar authorities on Tuesday to end violence against Rohingya Muslims, warning of the risk of ethnic cleansing, a possible humanitarian catastrophe, and regional destabilisation. Rohingya leaders and some policy analysts say Suu Kyi s failure to tackle the grievances of the Muslim minority, who have lived under apartheid-like conditions for generations, has bolstered support for the militants. The fledgling militia has been transformed into a network of cells in dozens of villages, capable of staging a widespread offensive. Myanmar s government has declared ARSA a terrorist organisation. It has also accused it of killing Muslim civilians to prevent them from cooperating with the authorities, and of torching Rohingya villages, allegations the group denies. The latest assault has provoked a major counteroffensive in which the military says it killed almost 400 insurgents and in which 13 members of the security forces have died. Rohingya villagers and human rights groups say the military has also attacked villages indiscriminately and torched homes. Myanmar government says it is carrying out a lawful counter-terrorism operation and that the troops have been instructed not to harm civilians.  Nearly 150,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since Aug. 25, leading to fears of a humanitarian crisis. Some 26,750 non-Muslim villagers have also been displaced inside Myanmar. Suu Kyi has said she would adopt recommendations of Kofi Annan s panel that encouraged more integration. She has also previously appealed for understanding of her nation s ethnic complexities. In a statement on Wednesday, she blamed  terrorists  for  a huge iceberg of misinformation  on the strife in Rakhine. She made no mention of the Rohingya who have fled. Suu Kyi s spokesman, Zaw Htay, could not be immediately reached for comment.  On Monday, however, he told Reuters Myanmar was carrying out a counterterrorism operation and taking care of  the safety of civilians, including Muslims and non-Muslims.  In an interview with Reuters in March, Ata Ullah linked the creation of the group to communal violence between Buddhists and Muslims in Rakhine in 2012, when nearly 200 people were killed and 140,000, mostly Rohingya, displaced.  We can t turn the lights on at night. We can t move from one place to another during the day,  he told Reuters in previously unpublished remarks, referring to restrictions placed on the Rohingya population s behaviour and movements.  Everywhere checkpoints: every entry and every exit. That s not how humans live.  A Rohingya community leader who has stayed in northern Rakhine said that, while the rest of Myanmar enjoyed new freedoms under Suu Kyi after decades of military rule, the Muslim minority have been increasingly marginalized. Support for the insurgents grew after the military operation last year, he said.  When the security forces came to our village, all of the villagers apologised and asked them not to set the houses on fire - but they shot the people who made that request,  he said.  People suffered because their sons got killed in front of them even though they begged for mercy, their daughters, sisters were raped - how could they live without constantly thinking about it, that they want to fight against it, whether they die or not.  Reuters couldn t independently confirm the villagers  accounts. Last month, a Myanmar government probe - led by former head of military intelligence and now Vice President, Myint Swe - rejected allegations of crimes against humanity and ethnic cleansing during the crackdown last year.  Villagers and police officers in the area say that ARSA had since last October established cells in dozens of villages, where local activists then recruited others.  People shared their feelings with others from the community, they talked to each other, they told their friends or acquaintances from different regions   and then they exploded,  said the Rohingya community leader. Rohi Mullarah, a village elder from the Kyee Hnoke Thee village in northern Buthidaung, said the leaders sent their followers regular and frequent messages via apps like WhatsApp and WeChat, encouraging them to fight for freedom and human rights and enabling them to mobilize many people without the risk of being caught going into the heavily militarised areas to recruit.  They mainly sent phone messages to the villagers, they didn t ... move people from place to place,  he said. He said his village was not involved in the insurgency and even posted a signboard in front of it that said any militants would be attacked by the villagers if they attempt to recruit people. Many Rohingya elders have for decades rejected violence and sought dialogue with the government. While ARSA has now gained some influence, especially among young, disaffected men, many Rohingya elders have condemned the group s violent tactics. In recent months there had been reports of killings of local administrators, government informers and village chiefs in the Rakhine region, leading to speculation the insurgents were adopting brutal tactics to stop information on their activities from leaking to the security forces.  They cut out the government communication by instigating a campaign of fear and took charge in the region,  said Sein Lwin, police chief in Rakhine. . An army source directly involved in operations in northern Rakhine also said it was now much more difficult to get information on ARSA s plans.  The strategy resulted in the  shut down of government mechanisms  in some places  because no government servants dared to stay there , the army source said. A village head from northern Buthidaung township, who asked not to be named, said the insurgents called him several times pressing him to allow some young villagers to take part in their training - an offer he refused.  I tried to stay safe and sometimes I had to sleep at the police station and local administrator s house,  he said. Despite the largely successful clamp down on information by the insurgents, it was a tip off by an informer that stopped the Aug. 25 attacks from being much worse for the Myanmar security services, the army source said.   About an hour after Ata Ullah s men headed for the jungle in the evening of Aug. 24, the army received a signal from the Rohingya informer saying the attack was coming. The 9 p.m. message mentioned imminent multiple attacks, but it did not say where they would occur. The warning was enough for the security forces to withdraw some troops to larger stations and to reinforce strategic locations, saving many lives on the government side, the military source said. The raids by the insurgents came in waves from around 1 a.m. until sunrise, and took place mostly in Maungdaw township where Ata Ullah staged his three attacks in October. This time, though, the distance between the northern- and southern-most points was as long as 100 km (60 miles). The Rohingya also struck in the north of the neighbouring Buthidaung township, including an audacious bid to storm an army base.  We were surprised they attacked across such a wide geographical area - it shook the whole region,  said the army source. (This version of the story corrects date in paragraph 39 to Aug. 24) ",1
20747,Cuban dissidents in electoral challenge as Castro era nears end,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Opponents of the Cuban government are putting forward an unprecedented number of candidates for municipal elections in late October, the first step in a process to select a new president after nearly 60 years of the Castro brothers  rule. The electoral cycle comes at a tricky time for the Caribbean nation as the Castros  revolutionary generation dies off, an economic reform program appears stalled, aid from key ally Venezuela shrinks, and the Trump administration threatens. The municipal vote, the only part of the electoral process with direct participation by ordinary Cubans, is expected to attract 35,000 candidates for the island s 168 municipal assemblies. It will be followed by provincial and national assembly elections in which candidates are selected from slates by commissions. The new national assembly will in late February select a successor to President Raul Castro, 86, who has announced he will step aside after two terms. Raul, younger brother and successor to Fidel Castro who died in November, will retain a grip on power as head of the Communist Party, the only legal party in Cuba. The elections are being cast in state-run media as a show of support for the Castros  1959 revolution rather than an opportunity to debate the pressing issues. Campaigning is prohibited and candidates for the 12,515 ward delegate positions are nominated at neighborhood meetings based on their personal merits, not policy positions. They need not belong to the Communist Party and many candidates are independents but only few government opponents have ever competed. During the last election, the three dissidents nominated lost at the polls.  This year, however, one coalition of opposition groups, Otro18 (Other18), says it is running more than 160 candidates in the municipal elections, demanding electoral reform and government transparency.  This is unheard of,  said Boris Gonzalez, 41, one of the aspiring Otro18 candidates, explaining they wanted to challenge the Communist Party from within the system. Otro18 spokesman Manuel Cuesta Morua said in an interview that its candidates had faced harassment and threats by state security forces for months and had been warned not to participate. The government has not responded to these accusations.    The Communist Party says it does not intervene in the elections, but a video circulating on social media of First Vice President Miguel Diaz-Canel, Raul Castro s probable successor, suggested otherwise.  There are six initiatives for the 2018 elections that seek to propose counter-revolutionaries as candidates,  Diaz-Canel told Communist Party cadres in the video.  We are taking steps to discredit all that.   In this battle, which we are already fighting, we are going to be involved in this whole process in the second half of the year,  he said. The government has not commented on the video. Cuba brands all dissenters as mercenaries funded by foreign governments and exiles, out to topple the government. Even if a few dissident candidates beat the odds and are elected to municipal assemblies, they have little chance of getting any further. The candidates for the provincial and national assemblies are nominated by commissions composed of representatives of Communist Party-controlled organizations such as the trade union federation and Committees in Defense of the Revolution. The slates have had the same number of names as seats in previous elections. Up to 50 percent of those names must be ward delegates. After the general election, the assemblies elect their respective executives and on Feb. 24 the new National Assembly is scheduled to name a new president and other members of the Council of State.  I have never voted for anyone important, not even our president,  said retired air force mechanic and staunch Castro-supporter Eduardo, who requested his last name not be used.  I can only vote for my neighborhood representative and they never go anywhere,  he said,  but I still think it s a better system than one based on money and lies.  ",1
20748,Does not make sense to keep Charter of Fundamental Rights post-Brexit: UK minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - It does not make sense for Britain to retain the European Union s Charter of Fundamental Rights after it leaves the bloc, Britain s Brexit minister David Davis said. Parliament began debating legislation on Thursday to sever political, financial and legal ties with the EU, but the opposition Labour Party has said it cannot support the bill without it being amended to better protect workers  rights.  We also do not believe it would make sense to retain the Charter of Fundamental Rights,  Davis told parliament.  The charter only applies to member states when acting within the scope of EU law. We will not be a member state nor will we be acting within the scope of EU law once we leave. He added:  The charter catalogues the rights found under EU law which will be brought into UK law by the bill. It is not, and never was, the source of those rights.  ",1
20749,China tightens regulation of religion to 'block extremism',"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s cabinet on Thursday passed new rules to regulate religion to bolster national security, fight extremism and restrict faith practiced outside organizations approved by the state. The document passed by Premier Li Keqiang updates a version of rules put into place in 2005 to allow the regulation of religion to better reflect  profound  changes in China and the world, the official Xinhua news agency reported. The rules released by Xinhua use strong and specific language about the need to protect China s national security against threats from religious groups.  Religious affairs maintenance should persist in a principle of maintaining legality, curbing illegality, blocking extremism, resisting infiltration and attacking crime,  the regulations say.      Any group or individual must not create conflict or contention between different religions, with a single religion or between religious individuals and non-religious individuals,  they say.     President Xi Jinping has emphasized the need to guard against foreign infiltration through religion and the need to prevent the spread to  extremist  ideology, while also being tolerant of traditional faiths that he sees as a salve to social ills.         The officially atheist ruling Communist Party says it protects freedom of religion, but it keeps a tight rein on religious activities and allows only officially recognized religious institutions to operate. The rules, which come into effect on Feb 2, 2018, also place new oversight on online discussion of religious matters, on religious gatherings, the financing of religious groups and the construction of religious buildings, among others. They increase existing restrictions on unregistered religious groups to include explicit bans on teaching about religion or going abroad to take part in training or meetings. Much of China s religious practice, which has seen a revival in recent decades despite being effectively banned in the 1960s during the Cultural Revolution, takes place in informal settings not recognized, though often tolerated, by the authorities. Religious education is also further brought under the umbrella of the state in the regulations, with explicit provisions on the establishment and registration of religious colleges. New provisions are included on the use and raising of religious funds and on taxation. Donations from foreign groups or individuals, for example, are banned, while donations over 100,000 yuan ($15,420) need to be reported to authorities. Fines for breaking the rules have also been increased in the new version and the organizers of unapproved events can now be subject to fines from 100,000 to 300,000 yuan, rather than the previous 1 to 3 times the amount spent on the event. ",1
20750,EU withdrawal bill vital to ensuring orderly Brexit: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Legislation to sever political, financial and legal ties with the European Union is vital to ensuring Britain leaves the bloc in an orderly manner, Brexit minister David Davis said on Thursday. Davis also said the powers offered by the EU withdrawal bill, which seeks largely to copy and paste EU law into British legislation, would allow the government to make sure the statute book works on the day Britain leaves the EU.  This bill is vital to ensuring that as we leave, we do so in an orderly manner,  Davis said at the start of a debate in parliament on the bill. ",1
20751,Japan's Abe agrees with Putin North Korea nuclear test threatens peace,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Thursday that he agreed with Russian President Vladimir Putin that North Korea s latest nuclear test is a serious threat to regional peace and a challenge to global nuclear non-proliferation regime.    Abe made the comments after holding talks with Putin on the sidelines of an economic forum in Russia s eastern port city of Vladivostok.   We completely agreed that North Korea s nuclear test is a serious threat to the peace and stability of Korean peninsula as well as the region, and a grave challenge to the global non-proliferation regime,  Abe told reporters.   ",1
20752,"Malaysia says foils hijacking of Thai tanker, 10 pirates arrested","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysian authorities thwarted the hijacking of a Thai oil tanker on Thursday and arrested 10 suspected Indonesian pirates on board the ship, a maritime security agency commander said. A special team from the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency (MMEA) stormed the MT Tanker MGT1, off the coast of the northeastern state of Terengganu, nearly 10 hours after it was reported missing on Wednesday. While the 10 were detained on the tanker, three suspects on a smaller boat nearby managed to escape, and an MMEA vessel has been sent to find them, the agency s chief, Maritime Admiral Zulkifli Abu Bakar, said in a statement. The boat was spotted near the tanker by a surveillance aircraft.  Warning shots were fired from the aircraft when the boat tried to escape but the attempt to stop them failed as the aircraft was running low on fuel,  Zulkifli said. Zulkifli identified the 10 suspected pirates that were arrested as Indonesian nationals. None of the 14 crew members on the tanker, all Thais, was hurt. The tanker, which was transporting 2.2 million liters of diesel valued at about 7 million ringgit ($1.66 million), had been escorted to the town of Kuala Terengganu to help with the  investigations into the case. Piracy in Southeast Asian waters, including its busy international shipping lanes, has been a problem for years. ",1
20753,Sri Lanka court jails top former senior officials for graft,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - A Sri Lankan court on Thursday jailed and fined two top officials in former president Mahinda Rajapaksa s government for misappropriation of funds, a lawyer said, the first convictions in a series of investigations into official corruption. The government of President Maithripala Sirisena unseated Rajapaksa in 2015 on promises to expose corruption and is under pressure to follow through. Sirisena s administration has been probing money laundering and misappropriation of state property in more than 50 cases, but no one had been convicted until Thursday. Colombo High Court sentenced Lalith Weeratunga, former secretary to Rajapaksa, and Anusha Palpita, ex-head of the state-run Telecommunication Regulatory Commission, to three years of  rigorous imprisonment , or jail with hard labor, and fined them 52 million rupees ($340,760) each. Election monitors had complained that the state fund was used to influence voters ahead of 2015 presidential polls. Kalinga Indratissa, the lawyer who appeared on behalf of Weeratunga and Palpita, told Reuters the two would appeal. Two of Rajapaksa s sons, Namal and Yoshitha, have been arrested and released on bail over money laundering allegations.  His brother, Basil, who headed the economic development ministry, has also been arrested at least three times - twice over suspicion of misuse of anti-poverty funds and a once over suspicion of laundering money and released on bail. Rajapaksa and his family deny any wrongdoing.  Rajapaksa was president for a decade until January 2015 and is popular among ethnic majority Sinhala Buddhists who credit him with ending the 26-year-war against minority Tamil separatist rebels in 2009. ",1
20754,China lodges stern protest with South Korea over THAAD deployment,BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Thursday it had lodged stern representations with South Korea for installing the four remaining launchers of the U.S. anti-missile Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system on a former golf course. Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang made the comment at a regular press briefing.  ,1
20755,U.S. Navy to transport damaged destroyer from Singapore to Japan,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy plans to transport the USS John S. McCain to Japan for a full damage assessment after a collision last month in which ten sailors died between Malaysia and Singapore. Moving the McCain to Yosuka, where the navy has repair and maintenance facilities, would allow the crew to be close to their families, the Naval Systems Command Office said in a news release on Thursday. The guided missile destroyer is currently moored at Singapore s Changi Naval Base. The move is notionally planned for late September. The McCain suffered significant damage in the collision with a tanker east of the Straits of Malacca and Singapore on Aug. 21. Compartments, including berthing, machinery, and communications rooms, were flooded. The news release said a full assessment was needed to determine cost, schedule and location for the ship s repairs. ",1
20756,France's Macron urges continued EU ties with Turkey,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said Turkey remained a vital partner of the European Union and ties should be maintained even if the country had strayed from the EU path, according to a newspaper interview published on Thursday. A senior Turkish official said EU states must decide whether they wanted Turkey as a member, but there was a sense  they no longer want the marriage...(but) want cohabitation . Comments from the French president followed German Chancellor Angela Merkel s remarks in a television debate on Sunday that the EU should halt membership talks with Ankara.  Turkey has indeed strayed away from the European Union in recent months and worryingly overstepped the mark in ways that cannot be ignored,  Macron told Greece s Kathimerini newspaper.  But I want to avoid a split because it s a vital partner in many crises we all face, notably the immigration challenge and the terrorist threat.  The EU is eager to preserve a deal with Turkey that has stemmed the mass migration via Turkish territory of people from conflict areas. Turkey has in the past questioned the EU s sincerity in keeping its side of the arrangement.  Relations with Ankara and the European Union have deteriorated since a failed July 2016 coup that has been followed by the arrests of tens of thousands of people across the country. Critics accuse President Tayyip Erdogan of using the coup attempt as pretext for a reckoning political opponents. Turkey, which signed an association agreement with the EU in 1963, began formal negotiations to join the union in 2005. However, several members, including France, have opposed talks on certain subjects meaning that only 16 negotiation chapters out of 35 have been opened.  Speaking to reporters in Paris, Turkey s ambassador echoed President Erdogan s comments that the EU had to make its mind up about membership and dismissed any notion of an alternative  special partnership .  Integrating Turkey into the EU is not a Turkish question, but a European question now. Of course we have the impression of being duped,  Ismail Hakki Musa told reporters in Paris.   They no longer want the marriage they want cohabitation. For a privileged partnership it s too late and Europe must now be honest and sincere.   Turkey s relationship with France is not as bad as that with Germany, but ties have been strained following the arrest of French journalists in the country. The most recent, Loup Bureau, was seized by Turkish border guards on the frontier with Iraq in early August. Musa said Macron and Erdogan had asked their respective interior and justice ministers to find a way to solve the problem.    We have to find a solution without tainting the fundamentals of the Turkish system,  he said. France s foreign minister is due in Ankara on Sept. 14.   Finland s Foreign Minister Timo Soini, arriving in Brussels for talks with counterparts, said he was against ending membership talks with Turkey.  It s always useful to have a dialogue. We know there are problems with human rights in Turkey.  While Macron has sought not to anger Erdogan since taking office, when responding in an interview last month on why being on the world stage was not so easy, Macron appeared to take a veiled swipe at the Turkish president.       I am the one who has to talk with Erdogan every 10 days,  he told Le Point without elaborating. ",1
20757,Indian court sentences two Mumbai 1993 blasts convicts to death,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - An Indian court on Thursday sentenced to death two men convicted of involvement in India s most deadly bombings, a series of blasts in the city of Mumbai that killed 257 people in 1993, while two others were jailed for life. Investigators said the bombs were ordered by India s most wanted man, gangster Dawood Ibrahim, to avenge the demolition of the historic Babri mosque in north India by Hindu hardliners in 1992, during a period of religious conflict. Ibrahim is believed to be hiding in Pakistan. Pakistan denies that. The court sentenced Feroz Abdul Rashid Khan and Taher Merchant to death, while Abu Salem and Karimullah Khan were jailed for life, a lawyer for the federal police, Deepak Salvi, told reporters. A fifth man, Riyaz Siddiqui, was sentenced to 10 years in prison, Salvi said. Lawyers for the convicted men did not answer their telephones, and it was not immediately known if they would appeal against the sentences. Legal proceedings against those accused of being involved in the bombings have resulted in more than 100 convictions, most of which are still winding their way through the legal system because of appeals and commutations of sentences. One suspect in the case, Yakub Memon, was hanged in 2015. In June, a court had ruled the five guilty of involvement in the blasts that shook India s financial hub more than two decades ago. A six man also found guilty at that time died in prison before sentencing. ",1
20758,Dutch prime minister: 'enormous devastation' on Saint Martin,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Hurricane Irma has caused  enormous devastation  to the Dutch side of the Caribbean island of Saint Martin and cut off electricity and gas, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said on Thursday. Most communications with the outside world are being conducted via the military, he said, adding that there was  no clarity  on victims. The Dutch navy, which has two ships stationed off the coast of the island, tweeted images gathered by helicopter showing damaged houses, hotels and boats. French authorities have counted at least eight dead on the French side of the island.  Dutch Interior Minister Ronald Plasterk said he briefly had contact with Saint Martin s prime minister but communications are sporadic. He said nine patients at a hospital in the country had been evacuated by Dutch military helicopter. Sint Maarten is an independent nation within the Kingdom of the Netherlands, with a population of around 40,000   about the same as the French side. Images of the country s Juliana Airport showed the landing strips appeared intact, though the navy said the airport is  unreachable  for now. Andre van der Kamp, commander of the Dutch ship Zeeland, tweeted that the Zeeland and Pelikaan would be trying to moor on Sint Maarten to deliver emergency aid on Thursday, but they needed to complete a safety check of the port first. ",1
20759,"UK PM May to listen to concerns on EU bill, but is vital legislation: spokesman","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will listen to concerns from lawmakers about legislation to sever political, financial and legal ties with the European Union, but it is a vital bill, her spokesman said on Thursday. Parliament is due to begin debating the repeal bill, which is central to the government s plan to exit the bloc in 2019, later on Thursday but some lawmakers have expressed concerns about the powers it will give the government.  She has said she will listen to the concerns of MPs (lawmakers) but we believe the bill is the right way to go about delivering a smooth exit from the European Union which is in everybody s interest,  the spokesman told reporters. ",1
20760,Hurricane Irma likely to drop to Category 4 upon landfall in Florida: NHC,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma is likely to be downgraded to a Category 4 storm by the time it makes landfall in Florida, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said on Thursday. Irma, at present a Category 5 storm packing maximum sustained winds of 180 miles (285 km) per hour, is moving off the northern coast of the Dominican Republic, the NHC said.   It has become a little less organized over the past few hours but the threat of direct hurricane impacts in Florida over the weekend and early next week continues to increase, it said. Hurricane watches were in effect for the northwestern Bahamas and much of Cuba. Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms in a century, killed eight people on the Caribbean island of Saint Martin and left Barbuda devastated on Thursday. Meanwhile, a hurricane swirling in the Gulf of Mexico, Katia, which is about 195 miles (310 km) northeast of Veracruz with maximum sustained winds of 80 miles per hour (130 km per hour), is likely to gain near major hurricane strength by landfall, the NHC said. A third hurricane in the Atlantic, Jose, has strengthened slightly and is expected to intensify further over the next 48 hours, it added. Hurricane Jose is about 815 miles (1,310 km) east of the Lesser Antilles with maximum sustained winds of 90 miles per hour (150 km per hour), the Miami-based weather forecaster said. ",1
20761,Indonesian school a launchpad for child fighters in Syria's Islamic State,"SUKAJAYA, Indonesia (Reuters) - Hatf Saiful Rasul was 11 years old when he told his father, a convicted Islamic militant, that he wanted to leave school and go to Syria to fight for Islamic State. The boy was visiting his father in a maximum security prison during a break from Ibnu Mas ud, his Islamic boarding school, Syaiful Anam said in a 12,000 word essay on his son and religion that was published online.  At first, I did not respond and considered it just a child s joke,  he wrote.  But it became different when Hatf stated his willingness over and over.  Hatf told his father some of his friends and teachers from Ibnu Mas ud had gone to fight for Islamic State and  become martyrs there , Anam wrote. Anam agreed to let him go, noting in his essay that the school was managed by  comrades who share our ideology . Hatf traveled to Syria with a group of relatives in 2015, joining a group of French fighters. Reuters spoke to three Indonesian counter-terrorism officials who confirmed the boy went to Syria.  Indonesia is the world s most populous Muslim-majority country and most of its people practice a moderate form of Islam. But there has been a recent resurgence in militancy and authorities believe Islamic State has more than 1,200 followers in Indonesia while about 500 Indonesians have left to join the group in Syria. Drawing on court documents, registration filings and interviews with counter-terrorism police and former militants, Reuters has found that Hatf was one of at least 12 people from Ibnu Mas ud who went to the Middle East to fight for IS or attempted to go there between 2013 and 2016.   Eight were teachers, four were students. At least another 18 people linked to the school have been convicted, or are now under arrest, for militant plots and attacks in Indonesia, including the three deadliest attacks in the country in the past 20 months, according to counter-terrorism police and trial documents of convicted militants. For details, click here: tmsnrt.rs/2wDwgPD Jumadi, a spokesman for Ibnu Mas ud, denied the school supported IS or any other militant Islamist group, or taught any extreme or ultra-violent interpretation of Islam. Ibnu Mas ud is one of about 30,000 Islamic boarding schools, or pesantren, across Indonesia. Most educate students in Islam and other subjects, but a handful are linked to extremism and act as centers for recruitment, Indonesian police and government officials say. Ibnu Mas ud has been in existence for a decade, despite its links to militants. Irfan Idris, the head of deradicalization at Indonesia s national counter-terrorism agency, blamed weak laws and bureaucracy for the lack of action against such schools.  Basically, it s not our domain, it s the religious ministry,  he told Reuters.  We have informed the ministry that you have a problem with Ibnu Mas ud.  Asked about the school s links to militants and why it had not been shut down, Kamaruddin Amin, the director general of Islamic education at Indonesia s Ministry of Religious Affairs, said:  Ibnu Mas ud never registered as a pesantren.  Jumadi confirmed the school was not registered with the ministry. The local government, Amin added,  had requested an explanation regarding the status of their study but did not get a response.  Jumadi confirmed recent discussions with local government officials about the school s teaching.  We have no curriculum,  he said, a reference to the emphasis on teaching the Koran.   We re focused on the tahfiz, on memorizing the Koran, and the Hadith (the sayings of the Prophet Mohammad),  he said.  We teach students about the Arabic language, about faith and the history of Islam.  Jumadi said Hatf studied at Ibnu Mas ud but he did not know the circumstances of his leaving. He said he was unaware of any staff or students traveling to Syria to join IS, other than three teachers and one student detained in Singapore last year. Mustanah, a former student deported from Iraq in August, has told police several ex-students from Ibnu Mas ud had traveled to Syria, two counter-terrorism officials told Reuters. Nestled in the foothills of Mount Salak, a dormant volcano, in the village of Sukajaya, 90 km (55 miles) south of Indonesia s capital Jakarta, Ibnu Mas ud is a ramshackle complex of classrooms, dormitories and prayer rooms that hosts up to 200 students from elementary school to junior high. A Reuters team entered the school in June but was not allowed to tour the premises and was eventually asked to leave. Inside a mosque that forms part of the complex, young boys dressed in Arabic tunics and skull caps could be seen sitting in a circle holding their Korans, smiling and fidgeting as they waited for their lessons. In a courtyard, young girls were scampering about. They looked no older than five or six and  were wearing headscarves. In a video viewed by Reuters but later taken down from Youtube, principal Masyahadi outlines the institution s adherence to Salafism, an ultra-conservative brand of Sunni Islam that urges followers to emulate the lives of the earliest disciples of Mohammad and embrace sharia law.  Ibnu Mas ud ensures that Muslim children are preoccupied with efforts to understand their religion correctly so they become a generation that understands the religion and will fight for the religion,  he says. Asked if fighting for the religion included taking up arms, Jumadi, the spokesman, said  it would need further discussion to answer that question  before declining to elaborate further. According to documents presented in court, Ibnu Mas ud was founded in 2007 in Depok, a Jakarta satellite town, by Aman Abdurrahman, a jailed cleric and Indonesia s leading Islamist ideologue.  The deed of establishment of the foundation that runs Ibnu Mas ud lists three people among its executives who were jailed with Abdurrahman for setting up a militant training base in the Indonesian province of Aceh in 2009. Sofyan Tsauri, a former militant who said he has made donations to the school, told Reuters Ibnu Mas ud  was for the children of Ikhwan (Islamic fighters)  to study while also serving as the hub of safehouses for Islamist fugitives. Dulmatin, who had a $10 million bounty on his head for taking part in a 2002 bombing on the Indonesian resort island of Bali in which 202 people were killed, prayed at Ibnu Mas ud while he was on the run, according to court documents related to the Aceh trials of Abdurrahman and the three foundation executives. Dulmatin was killed by police in 2010. After the trials, Ibnu Mas ud moved from Depok in 2010 but it ran into problems at its current location as well when a teacher tried to set fire to bunting celebrating Indonesia s independence day on August 17. The incident was confirmed by police and local villagers. People in the area were already suspicious about activities at the school, village chief Wahyudin Sumardi said.  Every time there was a terrorist incident elsewhere, the authorities would come,  he told Reuters in July.  I m not comfortable with the whole situation.  After complaints by villagers, local authorities have asked Ibnu Mas ud to leave by September 17, but Jumadi said this week that the school was negotiating to stay. The school may look for a new location if forced to move, he said. Pesantren have deep roots in Indonesia, harking back centuries, when they were the main form of education for most poor and rural people. Even as Indonesia s education system modernized and state-run secular schools were introduced, the overwhelmingly private Islamic boarding schools remain important. Amin, at Indonesia s Ministry of Religious Affairs, told Reuters in July that the ministry was working on a new policy to standardize the curriculum in pesantren and assume control of their approval. No policies have yet been announced. Anam, Hatf s father, told Reuters in handwritten comments in response to questions during a court hearing in Jakarta in July that he was proud of his son. Photos viewed by Reuters, which Anam said were taken in Syria and posted on social media by Hatf, showed the boy at a meal with older men and one in which the fresh-faced youngster is holding an AK-47 rifle almost as big as himself. Hatf could disassemble the rifle in 32 seconds, Anam wrote. He was also issued  a 9mm handgun, 2 hand grenades, a commando knife and compass.  By his father s account, citing messages sent by his son, Hatf survived one air strike, flying through the air from the force of an explosion and emerging with only a bloody ear and hearing loss. On September 1, 2016, two months short of his 13th birthday, Hatf was hit by another air strike. Shortly thereafter, the death of three Indonesians near the Syrian city of Jarabulus was announced by IS. The  merry little mujahid  was dead, wrote Anam in his essay,  his tattered little body crushed by the bomb .    I do not feel sad or loss, except a limited sadness as a father who was left by his beloved child,  Anam told Reuters in the notes he provided at the court hearing.  Instead I felt happy because my child has achieved martyrdom, inshallah.  ",1
20762,"UK's Prince George starts school, pregnant mum Kate too ill to go","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Prince George, the great-grandson of Queen Elizabeth and third-in-line to the throne, started school on Thursday but without his pregnant mother Kate to support him because she is suffering from severe morning sickness. George, 4, was taken by his father, Prince William, from their Kensington Palace home to Thomas s Battersea school in southwest London, which says its most important rule is to  Be Kind  and charges almost 18,000 pounds ($23,490) per pupil per year.  We expect our pupils to make impressive progress as a result of their own hard work, the best efforts of their teachers, the judicious support of their parents and the encouragement of their peers,  the school says on its website. A nervous-looking George, wearing a school uniform of dark shorts and a navy jumper with red trim, held his father s hand as the Head of Lower School, Helen Haslem, escorted the royal duo to his classroom.  His mother Kate missed the occasion due to acute morning sickness and has canceled other engagements this week after the palace announced on Monday that she was expecting her third child. Like his parents, George and his younger sister Charlotte have already appeared on the front covers of magazines around the world and this summer they traveled on official royal tours of Poland and Germany where crowds cheered them. ",1
20763,EU to ask Britain to look for 'solutions' to Ireland border: Guardian,"(Reuters) - The European Union will soon ask Britain to take responsibility for solving the Irish border problems, according to documents leaked to the Guardian. Michel Barnier, the European Union s chief negotiator, will ask Britain to work out  solutions  that avoid the creation of a hard border with Ireland, the newspaper also reported.  The news comes after the Guardian earlier reported, based on a draft memo it reviewed, that Britain is considering measures to restrict immigration for all but the highest-skilled EU workers. The British government declined to comment on the report while the European Union was not immediately available for comment. ",1
20764,"Germans most afraid of terrorism, secure about finances: study","BERLIN (Reuters) - Fear of terrorism, political extremism and social tension due to mass migration are Germans  top concerns as they prepare to vote in a federal election, a survey showed on Thursday. Worries about jobs and the economy have meanwhile fallen to record lows, according to the annual study by insurer R+V.  Having presided over an economic upswing that has boosted wages and created jobs, Chancellor Angela Merkel is widely expected to win a fourth term in the Sept. 24 election.      Some voters from her conservative alliance have however defected to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) over her decision in 2015 to open Germany s borders to hundreds of thousands of refugees fleeing war in Syria and Iraq. The R+V study showed terrorism remained the top fear, worrying 71 percent of Germans compared to 73 percent last year,  Security officials have said the country should brace for further violence by Islamist militants after it was hit by five attacks in 2016, including one in December on a Berlin Christmas market that killed 12 people.  The fear of terror attacks is clearly in first place and is at one of the highest levels that has ever been measured,  said Brigitte Roemstedt, who heads the R+V Info Centre that surveyed around 2,400 Germans. Political extremism was the second biggest worry, troubling 62 percent of Germans compared with 68 percent last year, while 61 percent fear that immigration could provoke social tension, down from 67 percent. R+V said fear of unemployment and a poor economic situation were at record lows, while concerns about natural disasters and contaminated food had increased. ",1
20765,North Korea pledges 'powerful counter measures' against U.S.-backed sanctions,"VLADIVOSTOK, Russia (Reuters) - North Korea on Thursday pledged to take  powerful counter measures  to respond to U.S. pressure or any new sanctions against it over its missile program, accusing Washington of wanting war.  Pyongyang s pledge, made in a statement by its delegation to an economic forum in Russia s Far East, came after the United States said it wanted the U.N. Security Council to impose an oil embargo on North Korea, ban the country s exports of textiles and the hiring of North Korean laborers abroad, and subject leader Kim Jong Un to an asset freeze and travel ban, according to a draft resolution seen by Reuters on Wednesday.  We will respond to the barbaric plotting around sanctions and pressure by the United States with powerful counter measures of our own,  the statement read. The same statement also accused South Korea and Japan of using the Russian forum to play  dirty politics,  saying the event was meant to be about discussing economic cooperation in the region and not about criticizing its missile program. Russian President Vladimir Putin told the same forum on Thursday he thought the North Korea crisis would not escalate into a large-scale conflict involving nuclear weapons, predicting that common sense would prevail.         ",1
20766,New Zealand's Labour widens lead as governing party loses ground,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand s newly invigorated Labour Party has widened its lead over the governing National Party, further threatening its decade-long hold on power, a poll showed on Thursday, as the two party leaders exchanged jabs at their third debate in a week. National fell 2 points to 39 percent, while support for the opposition Labour Party was unchanged at 43 percent, the poll released on the website of the 1 News broadcaster showed. New Zealand holds a general election on Sept. 23. The poll still tipped the nationalist New Zealand First as a likely kingmaker, and showed the Green Party would only just make it into parliament. Jacinda Ardern has almost single-handedly changed the chances of her Labour Party since taking over as leader last month, with her charisma and popularity offsetting some criticism over vague tax plans and tighter immigration policy. National leader Bill English, who is pinning his bid on his government s strong economic record, said he was not particularly worried about the poll results.  On those numbers it would seem to me that a Labour/New Zealand First government would be the more likely outcome, but that all depends on a number of negotiations,  said Grant Duncan, associate professor at Massey University in Auckland.  Based on these numbers, New Zealand First would be a key player for both Labour and National.  The New Zealand dollar fell to the day s low of $0.7173, having stood at $0.7207 shortly before the poll results were released.  The poll showed support for the New Zealand First Party rose 1 point to 9 percent, while support for the Green Party remained at 5 percent.  Duncan said the Greens were  perilously close  to the 5 percent voting threshold below which you do not get a seat in parliament. Ardern reiterated that her first call would be to the Green Party, with which she has a working agreement, if she was in a position to form a coalition government after the vote. The debate saw the party leaders trade jabs on taxes and housing, much as in their two previous encounters. It also touched on allegations this week by National that there is a NZ$11.7 billion hole in Labour s fiscal plans - a claim rejected by Labour and one that has been refuted by economists, according to media.  If you continue to maintain that then you re maintaining a lie. That is misleading voters and it is wrong,  Ardern told English during the debate. Support for Labour overtook that of National in a similar poll released a week ago. ",1
20767,Turkey's economy minister defends predecessor over Iran sanctions charges,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s economy minister said on Thursday his predecessor Zafer Caglayan, charged in the United States with conspiring to evade U.S. sanctions against Iran, had done nothing to harm his country.  Caglayan did not do anything against Turkey s interests,  Nihat Zeybekci told reporters.  It is no concern to Turkey if Caglayan acted against interests of other countries.   Zeybekci also said the case against Caglayan remained unverified.  There are claims that these sanctions are violated, but the ones who claim these things are obliged to prove them.  U.S. prosecutors have charged Caglayan, a former Turkish economy minister, and the former head of a Turkish state bank with conspiring to evade U.S. sanctions against Iran, widening an investigation that has fueled tension between Washington and Ankara. ",1
20768,Syrian war monitor says strikes hit military science center,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - An air strike on Masyaf in Syria hit a Scientific Studies and Research Centre facility and an adjacent military camp where ground-to-ground rockets are stored, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Thursday. The United States has imposed sanctions on employees of the Scientific Studies and Research Centre, which it describes as the Syrian agency responsible for developing and producing non-conventional weapons including chemical weapons, something Damascus denies.  ",1
20769,UK Brexit minister says 'good prospect' of agreeing transitional deal with EU,"LONDON (Reuters) - There is a good prospect Britain will negotiate a transitional arrangement with the European Union before it leaves the bloc in March 2019, Britain s Brexit minister David Davis said on Thursday. Davis said Britain had only raised the issue of transition briefly with the EU so far in negotiations as it is not among the first four issues due to be discussed. Asked by a lawmaker what prospects there were for bespoke transitional arrangements being agreed and implemented by March 2019, Davis told parliament:  We are finding that the (European) Commission is open to discussion of transition ... I think there is a very good prospect.  Parliament is on Thursday due to begin debating legislation to sever political, financial and legal ties with the EU, and the opposition Labour Party has said it cannot support the bill without it being amended to better protect workers  rights. Junior Brexit minister Steve Baker told lawmakers the government would not accept any amendments to the bill that compromised its purpose. ",1
20770,Germany has no right to block update of Turkey's EU customs union: minister,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Germany has no right to block a planned update of Turkey s customs union with the European Union, Turkish Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci said on Thursday, touching on a simmering row between Ankara and Berlin. Last week German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she did not think it was appropriate to carry out further discussions with Ankara about the customs union. Speaking to reporters in Ankara, Zeybekci said there were no problems in Turkey s accession negotiations with the EU and that the process continued.  ",1
20771,Putin rues awarding U.S. top diplomat Tillerson Russian state honor,"VLADIVOSTOK, Russia (Reuters) - Vladimir Putin took a jab at Rex Tillerson on Thursday, joking that the U.S. Secretary of State had  fallen in with the wrong company  since he had awarded him a Russian state honor for his contribution to Russian-U.S. relations. Hopes of detente in Moscow s relations with Washington under   Donald Trump, who had praised President Putin before winning the White House, have faded as the countries have imposed sanctions and expelled diplomats in recent months.  Addressing a U.S. citizen at a plenary session of an economic forum in the far eastern city of Vladivostok, Putin said:  We awarded your compatriot Mr. Tillerson the Order of Friendship, but he seems to have fallen in with the wrong company and to be steering in the other direction.   I hope that the wind of cooperation, friendship and reciprocity will eventually put him on the right path,  Putin added, drawing cheers from the crowd. In 2013 Putin awarded Tillerson, then CEO of energy giant Exxon Mobil, the Order of Friendship, a Russian state honor, for his  significant contribution to strengthening cooperation in the energy sector . Russia s relations with the United States deteriorated over its annexation of the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea in 2014 and support for pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine, prompting Washington to impose economic sanctions against Moscow.  The Kremlin, which has denied U.S. allegations it meddled in the presidential vote, had heaped praise on Trump during his election campaign, saying it supported efforts to improve Russian-American relations.  But Trump, who was faced scrutiny over the alleged ties of his entourage with Russia, reluctantly signed into law fresh sanctions against Moscow, further straining relations. ",1
20772,Japan's Abe says North Korea situation needs quick action,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The crisis around North Korea requires quick action, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Thursday, calling on world powers to press Pyongyang to abide by its U.N. obligations.   North Korea must fulfil all U.N. resolutions, abandon its nuclear and missile programmes,  Abe said at an economic forum in the far eastern Russian city of Vladivostok.  The international community must unite to force North Korea to fulfil its U.N. obligations.  ",1
20773,Ukraine president says against holding early elections,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko on Thursday said he opposed holding elections earlier than is mandated by the constitution.  The approach of planned votes for the president and the parliament makes the idea of early elections even more irrational. My position is unchanged: everything should happen in the timelines determined by the constitution,  he said in an address to parliament. The presidential and parliamentary elections are scheduled for 2019 but many lawmakers have talked up the prospects of an early vote. Poroshenko currently trails the main opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko in opinion polls.  ",1
20774,"Putin thinks North Korea crisis will not go nuclear, diplomacy to prevail","VLADIVOSTOK, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday he thought the North Korea crisis would not escalate into a large-scale conflict involving nuclear weapons, predicting that common sense would prevail. But he said he believed North Korea s leadership feared any freeze of its nuclear program would be followed by what amounted to  an invitation to the cemetery . Putin, speaking at an economic forum in the far eastern Russian port of Vladivostok alongside his South Korean counterpart and the Japanese prime minister, had previously warned that simmering tensions around Pyongyang s missile program could tip into  global catastrophe . But on Thursday, after days of talks with regional leaders and officials, Putin struck a more optimistic note, saying Russia could see that the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump wanted to defuse tensions around North Korea.  I am sure that things will not go as far as a large-scale conflict, especially with the use of weapons of mass destruction,  Putin told delegates at the forum.  All the competing sides have enough common sense and understanding of their responsibility. We can solve this problem through diplomatic means.  Russia has a land border with North Korea less than 20 km (12 miles) long. Putin, who was sharing a platform with South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, has spent the past few days pushing for negotiations, calling on all sides to dial down rhetoric.  The United States wants the U.N. Security Council to impose an oil embargo on North Korea, ban its , and subject leader Kim Jong Un to an asset freeze and travel ban, according to a draft resolution seen by Reuters on Wednesday. Putin gave no indication on Thursday whether Moscow would back that resolution; but he and top Russian government officials have previously condemned the idea of tightening sanctions and shown little enthusiasm to stop modest fuel exports to Pyongyang or send home North Korean workers. Instead, Russia, along with China, has advocated a  freeze for freeze  plan, under which the United States and South Korea would stop major military exercises in exchange for North Korea halting its weapons programs. Neither side appears willing to budge so far however. Putin said Pyongyang would not end its nuclear and missile programs because it viewed them as its only means of  self-defense.  It s impossible to scare them,  said Putin. Pyongyang was being offered the prospect of no new sanctions if it froze its weapons programs, but Putin said North Korea believed the wider risks to its own security outweighed the potential economic benefits of such a concession.  We are telling them that we will not impose sanctions, which means you will live better, you will have more good and tasty food on the table, you will dress better,  said Putin.  But the next step, they think, is an invitation to the cemetery. And they will never agree with this.  ",1
20775,Gruesome Uganda murders put police role in the public dock,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - A spate of unsolved murders of young women in Uganda is putting rare public pressure on a police force long accused by opposition politicians of spending more time suppressing political dissent than tackling crime. Widespread media coverage of the appearance of 20 corpses beside roadsides south of the capital since May reflects public anger with police for repeatedly saying they have arrested the perpetrators, only for another body to be discovered.  It s terrifying,  Susan Kabul, 29, told Reuters, standing near the garbage-littered bank of a drainage channel where the latest murder victim was discovered.  The police need to tell us who is slaughtering people like this.  The government has defended the police, and police say they have arrested 30 suspects and charged 13 of them, listing possible motives ranging from domestic rows through sexual abuse to ritual murder linked to human sacrifice.  Ritual killing is one of the motives that we suspect, we also think there might be cases of jilted lovers,  police spokesman Asan Kasingye said by telephone.  Other theories might come up as investigations progress.  There have been occasional individual cases of alleged ritual murder in the east African nation, but this is the first time there has been such a large number of people killed in similar circumstances in the same area. In a nod to the public outrage, lawmakers stopped work for two days this week after the 20th body was found, saying ministers had failed to appear before the legislature over the killings in three districts on the outer edge of Kampala. Government spokesman Ofwono Opondo accused them of populism.  They spoke as if the government is doing nothing,  he said.  They should leave police to work without pressure.  The legislature is dominated by supporters of longstanding President Yoweri Museveni, who has been in power since 1986. The constitution was changed in 2005 to remove a two-term limit, allowing him to extend his rule, and parliament is discussing removing an age cap. His son is a major general and powerful presidential adviser. Opposition leader Kizza Besigye, who contends that Museveni stole his victory in last year s election, has been charged with treason. Police often break up opposition rallies with teargas, beatings or detentions.  The opposition and rights activists have long accused security forces of neglecting crime to focus on political control.  Police can t secure women in a small area - all the attention is on politics, on who is criticizing Museveni,  said Sarah Birete of the Centre for Constitutional Governance. Government spokesman Opondo said police were doing a good job.  Some people start disguised as political activists and degenerate to criminals, I think they are unhappy that the police is on their back,  he said.  The police is right to focus on all forms of crime that can cause insecurity.  Uganda is ranked among the world s most corrupt countries by watchdog Transparency International. The Ugandan government s inspector general said in a 2014 report that the police force was  the most corrupt public institution in the country  and noted crimes were rarely investigated. In Wakiso, the district south of Kampala where most of the victims have been found, few residents have faith that the killings will stop.  I have stopped moving about at night. He could be a serial killer. I don t know where he will strike next,  said Deo Busulwa, who lives a stone s throw from the canalside bank location of the latest grisly discovery, of mother-of-two Maria Nabilawa. Many residents suspect the victims are killed elsewhere and the bodies dumped. Kasingye said they had arrested Nabilawa s husband in connection with her killing. (Story refiles to add dropped word in fifth paragraph.) ",1
20776,Ukraine president hopes to secure defensive weapons from Western allies,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko on Thursday said he hoped to complete talks with Western allies on the supply of defensive weapons, as he warned that upcoming Russia-Belarus military exercises could be cover for an invasion of Ukraine.  The creation of new strike groups of Russian troops for an invasion of Ukrainian territory can t be ruled out,  he said in a speech to parliament.  I hope that we will successfully complete negotiations with our Western partners on supplies of defensive weapons,  he said. ",1
20777,Hurricane Irma kills at least eight in Saint Martin: Minister,"PARIS (Reuters) - At least eight people were killed on the Franco-Dutch Caribbean island of Saint Martin by hurricane Irma, French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said on Thursday. Collomb said the toll was likely to rise in the coming hours. ",1
20778,Hurricane Irma wreaks 'total carnage' on Barbuda: prime minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - The Caribbean island of Barbuda is a scene of  total carnage  after the passage of Hurricane Irma and the tiny two-island nation will be seeking assistance from the international community to rebuild, its prime minister said on Thursday. Gaston Browne, prime minister of Antigua and Barbuda, told the BBC that about half of Barbuda s population of some 1,800 were homeless while nine out of 10 buildings had suffered some level of devastation, many of them total destruction.  We flew into Barbuda only to see total carnage. It was easily one of the most emotionally painful experiences that I have had,  Browne said in an interview on BBC Radio Four.  Approximately 50 percent of them (residents of Barbuda) are literally homeless at this time. They are bunking together, we are trying to get ... relief supplies to them first thing tomorrow morning,  he said, adding that it would take months or years to restore some level of normalcy to the island. ",1
20779,Australia's High Court rejects challenge to vote on same-sex marriage,"Melbourne (Reuters) - Australia s High Court rejected two legal challenges on Thursday against a proposed postal ballot on whether to legalize same-sex marriage, clearing the way for a vote on an issue that has wide support but which has also threatened to divide the government. Australians will now begin voting in the non-compulsory ballot as early as next week, with a result expected some time in November. The court s decision to reject the legal challenges, both of which argued that the center-right government needed the support of parliament to hold the ballot, comes as a welcome relief for Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Turnbull supports same-sex marriage, as do two-thirds of Australians, but his government holds a razor-thin majority and more conservative elements in his Liberal-National coalition have used the issue to threaten his leadership. Some conservative lawmakers threatened to resign if the court ruled against the proposal, while more liberal members said they would side with the Labor opposition to secure same-sex marriage before Turnbull offered the postal vote as an alternative. A rejection would have led to increased pressure on Turnbull to hold a vote in parliament, which has already twice rejected a national ballot.  Every Australian can have a say and we can, as a Commonwealth of Australia, embrace this important social change,  Turnbull told parliament in Canberra after the court s decision was announced. Turnbull has said Australia s Marriage Act would be changed by the end of the year if the public backed same-sex marriage in the postal ballot. Although the court s verdict provides a viable pathway to same-sex marriage, advocates fear an escalation in an already vitriolic campaign. Turnbull called for mutual respect last month as the issue gathered heat. Opponents of same-sex marriage launched a contentious  No  campaign advertisement last week that the government immediately rejected as inaccurate. Activists fear a surge in malicious campaigning for the ballot, which is not a formal election and is therefore not subject to the usual rules on political advertisements. Many supporters of same-sex marriage in Australia had backed the legal challenges, insisting that the campaign would hurt people who were already vulnerable, but said they would now support the ballot.  We now get out there and campaign long and hard for a  Yes  vote,  Alex Greenwich, co-chair of Australian Marriage Equality, told reporters in Melbourne.  When we win this, we can all come together, having finally achieved marriage equality.   ",1
20780,EU should impose more sanctions on North Korea-foreign policy chief,"TALLINN (Reuters) - The European Union should add more sanctions on North Korea as part of international pressure following Pyongyang s largest nuclear test to date, the bloc s foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Thursday. While sanctions have so far done little to stop North Korea boosting its nuclear and missile capacity, Federica Mogherini said more such steps were required along with piling on political pressure.  I would propose to ministers today to strengthen the economic pressure on North Korea, supporting a new U.N. Security Council resolution adopting tougher economic measures, starting new autonomous EU sanctions... and working with other partners in the world to make sure that everybody implements fully and strictly the already-decided economic measures,  Mogherini told reporters before meeting the EU defense and foreign ministers in the Estonian capital. The United States and China are discussing options to rein in Pyongyang and South Korea has deployed a defense system aimed at countering North Korean missile attacks. No formal EU decision is expected from the bloc on Thursday and its leverage on Pyongyang, as well as Russia and China   North Korea s main ally   is limited.   It has to be pursued because the alternative in our view is and could be extremely dangerous, especially if in front of you have an interlocutor that might act quite irrationally.  ",1
20781,Factbox: New Zealand 2017 election - main parties and policies,"(Reuters) - New Zealand s two main parties are neck and neck in opinion polls after the appointment of a charismatic leader boosted the opposition Labour Party, threatening the governing National Party s decade-long hold on power. The election is on Sept 23. Below are the main parties  positions on key issues: ECONOMYNew Zealand s once booming economy is facing some capacity constraints. Unemployment is at an eight-year low and a labor shortage, most noticeably in construction, threatens to curb growth. Both main parties plan to be fiscally prudent and maintain a budget surplus, but would differ on monetary policy. National plans to cut net debt to 10-15 percent of GDP by 2025, while Labour and the Green Party both plan to cut it to 20 percent of GDP within five years of taking office. Labour proposes adding full employment to the existing inflation mandate of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand, which economists say could lead to easier monetary policy and fuel longer-term inflation. To form a government, National may be more dependent on New Zealand First, which favors greater currency intervention - something New Zealand has been reluctant to do in the past. National is planning to adjust tax thresholds, or effectively deliver tax cuts, from April 2018 to boost family income. Labour wants to do away with National s planned tax cuts and boost tax credits and subsidies. New Zealand s house prices have risen more than 50 percent in the past decade as the construction industry failed to keep up with demand from a growing population, fueled by record migration and an increasing number of New Zealanders staying home. Labour criticizes National for leaving the housing crisis unresolved after nine years in government. It wants to ban overseas buyers from purchasing existing homes and build 100,000 affordable homes over 10 years. It also plans to create a housing authority to speed up residential development. National questions Labour s ability to build so many houses while curbing immigration. It plans to make NZ$1 billion available to speed up the development of 60,000 houses. New Zealand First wants to ban foreign non-residents from owning a home in New Zealand, except in particular cases, and to  provide government assistance for first-home buyers. The Green Party wants to provide 10,000 new houses over 10 years for low-income groups through a rent-to-buy scheme. The National Party tightened eligibility criteria this year for immigration and believes current levels of immigration are about right to meet the economy s needs. Labour plans to reduce net immigration by up to 30,000 from record levels of over 70,000 annually and to charge every visitor a NZ$25 fee, which would be ring-fenced for a NZ$75 million infrastructure fund. The Greens want to review immigration policy to make sure migrants match the skills employers need, in line with Labour s policy. New Zealand First wants to curb immigration by ensuring New Zealand workers have the first chance at jobs and by capping the number of older migrants. National wants to expand New Zealand s international trade. Among other plans, it wants to complete the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, launch a free trade deal with the European Union and Britain post-Brexit and upgrade its free trade agreement with China. Labour wants to reconsider New Zealand s role in the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact if provisions on foreign investment are not changed to allow the New Zealand government to restrict investment into the country. New Zealand First wants to renegotiate the TPP. ",1
20782,Hurricane Irma kills at least six on French island of Saint-Martin,"PARIS (Reuters) - Hurricane Irma, described as one of the most powerful Atlantic storms in a century, has killed at least six people in the French Caribbean island territory of Saint Martin, a local government official said.  This is not, by far, a definitive number... we have not explored all the parts of the island,  Guadeloupe prefect Eric Maire told reporters, adding the death toll was likely to rise in the next few hours. Hurricane Irma had previously been described as a  potentially catastrophic  storm placed in Category 5, the highest U.S. classification for hurricanes. ",1
20783,South Korea's Moon says there will be no war on Korean peninsula,"VLADIVOSTOK, Russia (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Thursday there will not be war on the Korea peninsula, even though tensions have risen considerably since North Korea s latest nuclear test less than a week ago. ",1
20784,Russia's Putin says we will be able to solve the North Korea crisis by diplomatic means,"VLADIVOSTOK, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that the crisis around North Korea could be resolved by diplomatic means.  ",1
20785,Philippine president's son denies links to $125-million drug shipment,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte s son on Thursday told a Senate inquiry he had no links to a seized shipment of $125 million worth of narcotics from China, dismissing as  baseless  the allegations of his involvement in the drugs trade. Opponents of the president, who has instigated a fierce crackdown on a trade he says is destroying the country, say they believe his son Paolo may have helped ease the entry of the drug shipment at the port in Manila, the capital.  On Tuesday Duterte said he had told Paolo to attend the senate investigation if he had nothing to hide, besides advising him not to answer questions and invoke his right to keep silent.  I cannot answer allegations based on hearsay,  Paolo Duterte, the vice mayor of the southern city of Davao, told the Senate.   My presence here is for the Filipino people and for my fellow Davaoe os whom I serve,  he added, referring to the people of Davao, where his father served as mayor for more than two decades before being elected president in 2016.  The Philippine leader has repeatedly said he would resign if critics could prove any members of his family were involved in corruption. Senator Antonio Trillanes, a staunch critic of the president, displayed to the Senate panel photographs of Paolo Duterte beside a businessman who was behind the shipment in which the alleged drugs were found. The president s son-in-law, Manases Carpio, who has also been accused of links to the May drug shipment from China, told the hearing he had no involvement.  Duterte unleashed his bloody campaign the day he took office on June 30 last year, after promising Filipinos he would use deadly force to wipe out crime and drugs. Police records show more than 3,800 people have died in police operations since July last year, and more than 2,100 other reported murders are linked to drugs. Police reject activists  allegations that they are executing suspected drug users and dealers and say officers shoot only in self-defense. Trillanes said he had intelligence information from an undisclosed foreign country that Paolo Duterte was a member of a criminal syndicate, citing as proof a  dragon-like  tattoo with secret digits on his back.  Asked about the tattoo, Duterte said he had one, but declined to describe it, invoking his right to privacy. Asked by Trillanes if he would allow a photograph to be taken of the tattoo and sent to the U.S Drug Enforcement Agency to decode secret digits, Duterte said:  No way . He refused to respond to questions about his bank accounts, calling them  irrelevant . Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella said the attendance of Duterte and Carpio  demonstrates that both gentlemen are willing and ready to face malicious allegations intended to impugn their character and credibility.  ($1=51.0290 Philippine pesos) ",1
20786,NATO head says all states must comply with North Korea sanctions,"TALLINN (Reuters) - NATO head Jens Stoltenberg said on Thursday all countries must comply with sanctions on North Korea as the international community ratchets up pressure on the reclusive regime following its largest nuclear test to date.  Asked if he was worried that Russia was resisting stepping up U.N. Security Council sanctions on North Korea, Stoltenberg told reporters before meeting the European Union s defense ministers:  There are already sanctions agreed in the UN and it is extremely important that those sanctions are fully implemented.  ",1
20787,South Korea says U.N. sanctions should inflict pain on North,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea said on Thursday practical and forceful measures than can inflict pain on North Korea should be included in U.N. sanctions, a new batch of which have yet to be announced.  Foreign ministry spokesman Cho June-hyuck told reporters the measures should be taken in addition to  surely severing  funds that can be used for the North s programs to develop weapons of mass destruction.  The United States wants the U.N. Security Council to impose an oil embargo on North Korea, ban its exports of textiles and the hiring of North Korean laborers abroad, and subject leader Kim Jong Un to an asset freeze and travel ban, according to a draft resolution seen by Reuters on Wednesday.  ",1
20788,Fire at building in India's Mumbai kills at least six,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - A blaze in a building under construction in a suburb of the Indian city of Mumbai killed at least six people, most of them laborers, and injured nearly a dozen, fire and police officials said on Thursday. The cause of the fire, which broke out late on Wednesday, was being investigated, a fire service officer said. It is likely to compound concern about safety in the financial hub after an old building collapsed last week killing 34 people. Laborers working on the building were living on the ground floor, some with families, and cooking gas canisters were believed to have exploded in the fire, fuelling its spread.  Though the fire was brought under control immediately, all injuries and deaths occurred before the arrival of the fire brigade,  said P.S. Rahangdale, chief officer at the Mumbai Fire Brigade. Eleven people were injured, eight of them critically, he said. Mumbai has endured torrential monsoon rain and serious flooding over recent weeks. The building collapsed last week in a congested neighborhood of the old city after two days of intense downpours. ",1
20789,South Korea's Moon asks Russia to continue supporting sanctions on North Korea,"VLADIVOSTOK, Russia (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Thursday said he wanted Russia to continue supporting sanctions against North Korea after Pyongyang conducted its largest nuclear test at the weekend.  I hope that Russia will continue its support on this question,  Moon said alongside Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin at an economic forum in the far eastern Russian city of Vladivostok.  ",1
20790,"U.S. airlines brace themselves, passengers for Hurricane Irma","(Reuters) - As Hurricane Irma bore down on the southern United States on Wednesday, airlines adjusted flight schedules, made cancellations and assured passengers they would not have to pay unusually high fares ahead of the storm s arrival. Irma, the second powerful hurricane to approach the United States in as many weeks, was expected to make landfall in Florida by the weekend. It had already pummeled islands in the Caribbean with rain, pounding winds and surging surf by Wednesday. While the storm s precise trajectory remained uncertain, airlines preemptively canceled flights in the likely affected regions and put in place travel waivers for customers to reschedule plans. American Airlines, the largest U.S. carrier by passenger traffic, said on Wednesday it would begin winding down operations in south Florida, including Miami, Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach, on Friday. Miami-bound flights arriving on Friday from Europe and South America were canceled. American, Delta Air Lines and JetBlue all announced fare caps on flights out of Florida - $99 on JetBlue and American and $399 on Delta - for residents trying to get out of the storm s path.  We want those trying to leave ahead of the hurricane to focus on their safe evacuation rather than worry about the cost of flights,  JetBlue spokesman Doug McGraw said. Airlines have been criticized in the past for raising prices in the wake of deadly episodes and, as Irma approached, some social media users accused carriers of engaging in price-gouging schemes ahead of the dangerous storm.  In response, Senators Richard Blumenthal and Edward Markey called on the U.S. Department of Transportation on Wednesday to launch an investigation into potential opportunistic fare hikes by airlines.   It would certainly be offensive if airlines   who rely on publicly supported infrastructure and have been bolstered by American taxpayers for nearly a century   used this opportunity to impose unconscionable costs on consumers,  they wrote in a letter to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao.  Accusations of unfair pricing techniques have been investigated in the past, including after a deadly Amtrak derailment in 2015, but U.S. officials said last year they found no evidence of wrongdoing in that instance. United Airlines, which took a substantial financial hit when Hurricane Harvey slammed into Texas last week, said it had suspended operations out of San Juan, Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory that was being raked by the very powerful Category 5 hurricane on Wednesday afternoon, and had extended a travel waiver to include cities in south Florida. In some cases, carriers added flights and upsized aircraft out of Florida and the Caribbean before the storm struck to accommodate as many passengers evacuating the area as possible. Fort Lauderdale-based Spirit Airlines said it expected its largest operational hub to be affected and planned to move its operations center to Detroit on Thursday evening. Beyond U.S. airlines, Canadian carriers Air Transat and WestJet Airlines both launched evacuation operations on Wednesday to remove passengers that could be affected by Hurricane Irma in the Dominican Republic, and Air Canada allowed passengers to change flights in impacted areas free-of-charge. WestJet, Canada s second-largest carrier, operated rescue flights to Punta Cana and Puerto Plata on Wednesday and could make additional trips to Santa Clara and Cayo Coco, Cuba, on Thursday, airline spokeswoman Lauren Stewart said. Carnival Cruise Lines, which has major operations in Florida, canceled two of its Bahamas-bound cruises and said it was likely that other schedules would be affected as the storm s path and impact became more clear. ",1
20791,Factbox: Caribbean and Gulf oil companies begin to brace for Hurricane Irma,"(Reuters) - Gulf Coast and Caribbean energy infrastructure began to brace for Hurricane Irma, even as recovery operations from Hurricane Harvey are under way.  On Wednesday, BP Plc said it would evacuate non-essential personnel from its Thunder Horse platform in the Gulf of Mexico. Shell said it was monitoring its Gulf assets.  Buckeye Partners has shut its Yabucoa oil terminal in Puerto Rico and is preparing for the storm at two other marine terminals in Florida and the Bahamas, the company said on Wednesday. Irma ranks as one of the five most powerful Atlantic hurricanes in the last 80 years and the strongest Atlantic storm recorded by the U.S. National Hurricane Center outside the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico. ",1
20792,Trump says U.S. not 'putting up with' North Korea's actions,"WASHINGTON/BEIJING (Reuters) - President Donald Trump warned on Wednesday that the United States would no longer tolerate North Korea s actions but said the use of military force against Pyongyang will not be his  first choice.  His comment appeared to be in line with classified briefings to Congress in which Trump s top national security aides - Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence - stressed the search for a diplomatic solution to the crisis, lawmakers said. A senior administration official, meanwhile, said that the White House has set aside for now consideration of exiting a free trade pact with South Korea, a move being contemplated by Trump that could have complicated relations with Seoul. In a flurry of phone calls with world leaders days after North Korea s sixth and most powerful nuclear test, Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping committed to  take further action with the goal of achieving the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula,  the White House said.  President Xi would like to do something. We ll see whether or not he can do it. But we will not be putting up with what s happening in North Korea,  Trump told reporters, though he offered no specifics.  I believe that President Xi agrees with me 100 percent,  he added. Asked whether he was considering a military response to North Korea, Trump said:  Certainly, that s not our first choice, but we will see what happens.  Xi, who has been under pressure from Trump to do more to help curb North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, told the U.S. president during their 45-minute call that the North Korean issue must be resolved through  dialogue and consultation.  The focus on negotiations by China, North Korea s main trading partner, contrasted with Trump s assertions over the last few days that now was not the time for talks with North Korea while pressing instead for increased international pressure on Pyongyang. The United States and South Korea have asked the United Nations to consider tough new sanctions on North Korea after its nuclear test on Sunday that Pyongyang said was an advanced hydrogen bomb. Late on Wednesday, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin indicated that if the U.N. Security Council fails to approve sufficiently strong measures, Trump could authorize him to impose sanctions on any country or entity that trades with North Korea.  We believe that we need to economically cut off North Korea,  Mnuchin told reporters aboard Air Force One as it flew back from North Dakota, where Trump gave a speech on tax reform.  I have an executive order prepared. It s ready to go to the president. It will authorize me to . . . put sanctions on anybody that does trade with North Korea.  Mnuchin said that Trump would consider the order  at the appropriate time once he gives the U.N. time to act.  He provided no further details, including whether Trump would consider slapping sanctions on China, North Korea s largest trade partner. Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted on Wednesday that resolving the North Korean nuclear crisis was impossible with sanctions and pressure alone. Putin met South Korea s Moon Jae-in on the sidelines of an economic summit in the eastern Russian city of Vladivostok amid mounting international concern that their neighbor plans more weapons tests, including possibly a long-range missile launch before a weekend anniversary. Putin echoed other world leaders in denouncing North Korea s latest nuclear bomb test on Sunday, saying Russia did not recognize its nuclear status.  Pyongyang s missile and nuclear program is a crude violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions, undermines the non-proliferation regime and creates a threat to the security of northeastern Asia,  Putin said at a news conference.  At the same time, it is clear that it is impossible to resolve the problem of the Korean peninsula only by sanctions and pressure,  he said. No headway could be made without political and diplomatic tools, Putin said. Moon, who took office this year advocating a policy of pursuing engagement with North Korea, has come under increasing pressure to take a harder line. He has asked the United Nations to consider tough new sanctions after North Korea s latest nuclear test. The United States wants the Security Council to impose an oil embargo on North Korea, ban the country s exports of textiles and the hiring of North Korean laborers abroad and subject leader Kim Jong Un to an asset freeze and travel ban, according to a draft resolution seen by Reuters on Wednesday. Diplomats say the U.N. Security Council could also consider barring the country s airline.  I ask Russia to actively cooperate as this time it is inevitable that North Korea s oil supply should be cut at the least,  Moon told Putin, according to a readout from a South Korean official. Putin said North Korea would not give up its nuclear program no matter how tough the sanctions.    We too, are against North Korea developing its nuclear capabilities and condemn it, but it is worrying cutting the oil pipeline will harm the regular people, like in hospitals,  Putin said, according to the South Korean presidential official.  Russia s exports of crude oil to North Korea were tiny at about 40,000 tonnes a year, Putin said. By comparison, China provides it with about 520,000 tonnes of crude a year, according to industry sources. Last year, China shipped just over 96,000 tonnes of gasoline and almost 45,000 tonnes of diesel to North Korea, where it is used across the economy, from fishermen and farmers to truckers and the military. Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May agreed in a telephone call on Tuesday that China must do more to persuade North Korea to cease its missile tests, a spokesman for May said. Sanctions have done little to stop North Korea boosting its nuclear and missile capacity as it faces off with Trump, who has vowed to stop it from being able to hit the U.S. mainland with a nuclear weapon. China and Russia have advocated a  freeze for freeze  plan, where the United States and South Korea stop major military exercises in exchange for North Korea halting its weapons programs, but neither side is willing to budge. North Korea says it needs to develop its weapons to defend itself against what it sees as U.S. aggression. South Korea and the United States are technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty. China objects to both the military drills and the deployment in South Korea of an advanced U.S. missile defense system that has a radar that can see deep into Chinese territory. South Korea s Defence Ministry said the four remaining batteries of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system would be deployed on a golf course in the south of the country on Thursday. Two THAAD batteries have already been installed. For a graphic on nuclear North Korea, click: here ",1
20793,"China says it will handle North Korea trade issues for benefit to peace, stability","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Commerce Ministry said on Thursday it will continue to handle North Korean trade issues in a way that benefits peace, stability and denuclearization on the Korean peninsula. Ministry spokesman Gao Feng made the comment at a routine media briefing. ",1
20794,"U.N. mulls U.S. push for North Korea oil embargo, textile export ban","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States wants the United Nations Security Council to impose an oil embargo on North Korea, ban the country s exports of textiles and the hiring of North Korean laborers abroad, and subject leader Kim Jong Un to an asset freeze and travel ban, according to a draft resolution seen by Reuters on Wednesday. The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, has said she wants the 15-member council to vote on Monday on the draft resolution to impose new sanctions over North Korea s sixth and largest nuclear test. However, Russia s U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia has said a Monday vote may be  a little premature.  It was not immediately clear if the draft resolution had the support of North Korean ally China. Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted on Wednesday that resolving the North Korean nuclear crisis was impossible with sanctions and pressure alone. A U.N. resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, Britain, France, Russia or China to pass. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Wednesday that if the Security Council did not act, he had an executive order prepared to send to President Donald Trump that would  authorize me to stop doing trade and put sanctions on anybody that does trade with North Korea.   The president will consider that at the appropriate time once he gives the U.N. time to act,  Mnuchin told reporters.  Since 2006, the Security Council has unanimously adopted eight resolutions ratcheting up sanctions on North Korea over its ballistic missile and nuclear programs. Haley said the incremental approach had not worked and a diplomatic solution could only be reached by imposing the strongest sanctions. The new draft U.N. resolution would ban exports to North Korea of crude oil, condensate, refined petroleum products and natural gas liquids. China supplies most of North Korea s crude. According to South Korean data, Beijing supplies roughly 500,000 tonnes of crude oil annually. It also exports 200,000 tonnes of oil products, according to U.N. data. Russia s exports of crude oil to North Korea are about 40,000 tonnes a year. The Security Council last month imposed new sanctions over North Korea s two long-range missile launches in July. The Aug. 5 resolution aimed to slash by a third Pyongyang s $3 billion annual export revenue by banning coal, iron, lead and seafood. The new draft resolution would remove an exception for transshipments of Russian coal via the North Korean port of Rajin. In 2013 Russia reopened a railway link with North Korea, from the Russian eastern border town of Khasan to Rajin, to export coal and import goods from South Korea and elsewhere. The Aug. 5 resolution capped the number of North Koreans working abroad at the current level. The new draft resolution would impose a complete ban on the hiring and payment of North Korean laborers abroad. Some diplomats estimate that between 60,000 and 100,000 North Koreans work abroad. A U.N. human rights investigator said in 2015 that North Korea was forcing more than 50,000 people to work abroad, mainly in Russia and China, earning between $1.2 billion and $2.3 billion a year. The wages of workers sent abroad provide foreign currency for the Pyongyang government. The draft resolution would ban textiles, which were North Korea s second-biggest export after coal and other minerals in 2016, totaling $752 million, according to data from the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA). Nearly 80 percent of the textile exports went to China. The assets of military-controlled airline Air Koryo would be frozen if the draft resolution is adopted. It flies to Beijing and a few other cities in China, including Dandong, the main transit point for trade between the two countries. It also flies to Vladivostok in Russia. Along with blacklisting North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, the draft resolution would impose a travel ban and asset freeze on four other senior North Korean officials. The Worker s Party of Korea and the government of North Korea would also be subjected to an asset freeze. The draft resolution would allow states to intercept and inspect on the high seas vessels that have been blacklisted by the Security Council. Currently nearly two dozen vessels are listed and the new draft text would add another nine ships. The draft resolution does not contain any new language on the political track. It again reaffirms council support and calls for a resumption of talks between North Korea, the United States, South Korea, China, Japan and Russia. China and Russia have been pushing their proposal to kick-start talks with a joint suspension of North Korea s ballistic missile and nuclear programs and the military exercises by the United States and South Korea. Haley has dismissed the suggestion as  insulting.  ",1
20795,Myanmar plays diplomatic card to avert U.N. censure over Rohingya,"YANGON/SHAMLAPUR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Myanmar said on Wednesday it was negotiating with China and Russia to ensure they block any U.N. Security Council censure over the violence that has forced an exodus of nearly 150,000 Rohingya Muslims to Bangladesh in less than two weeks. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi blamed  terrorists  for  a huge iceberg of misinformation  on the strife in the northwestern state of Rakhine but, in a statement, she made no mention of the Rohingya who have fled. Suu Kyi has come under increasing pressure from countries with Muslim populations, including Indonesia, where thousands led by Islamist groups rallied in Jakarta on Wednesday to demand that diplomatic ties with Buddhist-majority Myanmar be cut. In a rare letter to the U.N. Security Council, Secretary-General Antonio Guterres expressed concern the violence could spiral into a  humanitarian catastrophe .  He warned on Tuesday that there was a risk of ethnic cleansing in Myanmar that could destabilize the region. Myanmar National Security Adviser Thaung Tun said Myanmar was counting on China and Russia, both permanent members of the Security Council, to block a U.N. resolution on the crisis.  We are negotiating with some friendly countries not to take it to the Security Council,  he told a news conference.  China is our friend and we have a similar friendly relationship with Russia, so it will not be possible for that issue to go forward.  Russia s U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said he believed the 15-member Security Council had sent a signal, by meeting behind closed doors on the issue a week ago, that it would like to see the situation calm down.   We called for restraint,  he told reporters on Tuesday.  The Security Council for the time being did what it could do.  The U.S. State Department said Washington was  deeply concerned by sustained reports of significant violence and the impact on civilian populations, including the Rohingya community.  These reports include allegations of violence conducted by security forces and civilians, as well as additional attacks by ARSA,  a spokesman said, referring to Arakan Rohingya Solidarity Organization insurgents.  The spokesman said the United States had discussed the issue with Myanmar  at the highest levels  and was also in touch with its neighbors and other international partners.  We welcome indications that the government is committed to providing access to humanitarian aid via the Red Cross, and we look forward to learning further details.  he added.  Reuters reporters in Bangladesh s Cox s Bazar region have witnessed boatloads of exhausted Rohingya arriving near the border village of Shamlapur. According to the latest estimates from U.N. workers operating there, arrivals in 12 days stood at 146,000. This brought to 233,000 the total number of Rohingya who have sought refuge in Bangladesh since last October. New arrivals told authorities that three boats carrying a total of more than 100 people capsized in early on Wednesday. Coastguard Commander M.S. Kabir said six bodies, including three children, had washed ashore. The surge of refugees, many sick or wounded, has strained the resources of aid agencies and communities helping hundreds of thousands from previous violence in Myanmar. Many have no shelter, and aid agencies are racing to provide water, sanitation and food.  People have come with virtually nothing so there has to be food,  a U.N. source working there said.  So this is now a huge concern   where is this food coming from for at least the elderly, the children, the women who have come over without their husbands?  Suu Kyi spoke by telephone on Tuesday with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, who has pressed world leaders to do more to help a population of roughly 1.1 million he says are facing genocide. In a statement issued by her office on Facebook, Suu Kyi said the government had  already started defending all the people in Rakhine in the best way possible  and warned against misinformation that could mar relations with other countries. She referred to images on Twitter of killings posted by Turkey s deputy prime minister that he later deleted because they were not from Myanmar.  She said that kind of fake information which was inflicted on the deputy prime minister was simply the tip of a huge iceberg of misinformation calculated to create a lot of problems between different countries and with the aim of promoting the interests of the terrorists,  her office said in the statement. Suu Kyi on Wednesday met Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who said he shared Myanmar s concern about  extremist violence  in Rakhine state. Modi s government has taken a strong stance on an influx into India of some 40,000 Rohingya from Myanmar over the years, vowing last month to deport them all. The latest violence began when Rohingya insurgents attacked dozens of police posts and an army base. The ensuing clashes and a military counter-offensive killed at least 400 people and triggered the exodus of villagers to Bangladesh. Suu Kyi has been accused by Western critics of not speaking out for the minority that has long complained of persecution, and some have called for the Nobel Peace Prize she won in 1991 as a champion of democracy to be revoked. Myanmar says its security forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against  terrorists  it blames for a string of attacks on police posts and for burning homes and civilian deaths. It says 26,747 non-Muslims have been displaced. Fleeing Rohingya and rights monitors say the Myanmar army is  conducting a campaign of arson and killings to force them from their homes. Two Bangladesh government sources said Myanmar had been laying landmines across a section of its border for the past three days, possibly to prevent the return of fleeing Rohingya. Bangladesh will formally lodge a protest on Wednesday against the laying of land mines so close to the border, said the sources who had direct knowledge of the situation but asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter.  A Myanmar military source said landmines were laid along the border in the 1990s to prevent trespassing and the military had since tried to remove them, but none had been planted recently. ",1
20796,"By land, river and sea, Rohingya make their escape from Myanmar","COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - When his family of six crossed the monsoon-soaked Mayu mountains last week, Mohammed Ishmail tied his four-year-old daughter to his back with a longyi, or Myanmar sarong. His wife carried their two-year-old the same way.  Some parts were so steep we had to pull ourselves up by tree roots,  said Ishmail, a Rohingya Muslim, in an interview  near the Kutapalong settlement for refugees in Bangladesh, shortly after arriving on Tuesday.  At night, we just cut a clearing in the bush and slept there. We had two umbrellas for shelter.  The trek through the dense bush of the mountains took two days, but the journey from his home in Khin Tha Ma village   which he says was on fire the last time he saw it - took 10. He says it felt like a month. The number of refugees who have arrived in Bangladesh from Myanmar s Rakhine state since militant attacks there on Aug. 25 stands at nearly 150,000.  They have come by land, river and sea. Many have died along the way. Others have found themselves detained by human traffickers, demanding payment for their rescue. Their destination is the Cox s Bazar region of impoverished Bangladesh, where hundreds of thousands of Rohingya already live in makeshift camps, reliant on overstretched aid agencies. Once through the mountains, Ishmail s family came across villages in the northern part of the Maungdaw district   the epicenter of violence in the state since October - that had been abandoned. By his count, only about one in 20 houses had survived fires that have swept the area.  Some people are still hiding in the forest on the Maungdaw side but in some villages there s no one,  he said.  There was no one to ask directions.  But then there was. As they reached a canal and were trying to find a way to cross it, he said, two young Myanmar soldiers spotted them and aimed their guns, he said.  I put my hands up and shouted,  We re going to Bangladesh ,  he said. There was a tense silence before the soldiers lowered their weapons.   After that they showed us the best way to cross the canal,  he added. In one village, to escape the rain, Mohammed Ishmail entered a house still standing to find the bodies of five boys, who appeared to be teenagers, their necks hacked and heads nearly severed. The death toll in the conflict is more than 400 and rising. Myanmar says most of those killed have been insurgents, but accounts from new arrivals in Bangladesh suggest reprisals by Myanmar security forces and Buddhists against Rohingya civilians the government says are in cahoots with  extremist Bengali terrorists . Myanmar rejects accusations that its security forces are targeting civilians saying they are fighting  terrorists . Dozens of bodies, including those of women and children, have washed up on the Bangladesh side of a border river, many with bullet or knife wounds, according to Bangladesh border guards. Fishermen report seeing bodies floating in the river. Reuters was shown one cadaver   what looked to be a teenage boy lying face up on the muddy river bank, a gaping wound on his face washed clean by the river.     In Maungdaw, thousands of people are on the move. A Rohingya aid worker, who was in touch with Reuters during his flight, recorded video of the journey on his mobile phone.  It s like something I ve never seen before, not even in any film,  the refugee said after his arrival in Cox s Bazar. The footage appears to show hundreds of people lining up to cross a river in Laung Don village. Some swim across, as two small ferries run back and forth. At one river crossing, the aid worker said, fighters from the Arakan Rohingya Solidarity Organization (ARSA) prevented ferries from crossing for half a day, telling civilians to return to their homes.  Campaign group Fortify Rights has documented how ARSA has prevented men and boys from leaving the area. The refugee, who asked not to be identified so he could freely discuss his journey, said the fighters backed down when villagers pleaded with them.     In southern Maungdaw, the military s campaign has driven tens of thousands of people to the coast. Bangladeshi boatmen, in their hundreds, are going to pick them up. Mostly by night, the wooden crescent-shaped boats that normally ply the fishing grounds of the Bay of Bengal, make the  journey across the 5.7-km (3.6 mile) mouth of the Naf river that separates Myanmar and Bangladesh. The 5-metre boats are loaded with as many as 50 people and their belongings. Soon after the conflict blew up, boats began landing at Shah Porir Dwip, a remote island off the southernmost tip of Bangladesh. But after three boats capsized in two days last week, killing 24 women and children, authorities launched a crackdown on boatmen and brokers they call human traffickers.  They bring these stranded people here. If they are not able to pay, the money, they imprison them,  Pronay Chakma, assistant commissioner for land in Teknaf sub-district. More than 50 people have been sentenced to short jail terms as a warning to others not to take advantage of the crisis.  It s mercenary interest, nothing else,  he said.  They tried to profit from stranded women and children.  ",1
20797,"Abe, Moon to seek Chinese, Russian support for North Korea sanctions: Kyodo","(Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and South Korean President Moon Jae-in will ask China and Russia for their support for new sanctions against North Korea, Kyodo News said on Thursday, citing a Japanese official. Abe and Moon, in talks on the sidelines of the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok, Russia, agreed to step up pressure on North Korea, Kyodo said, as the reclusive state pushes ahead with its nuclear and missile programs. ",1
20798,Merkel tells voters: 'don't experiment' with the left,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel warned German voters on Wednesday not to risk allowing an untested left-wing alliance to take power after this month s national election, urging them to stick with her in  turbulent times . Less than three weeks before the Sept. 24 vote, politicians and media in Germany are turning their attention to the possible coalitions that could form after the election, from which no single party is expected to emerge with a clear majority. Merkel, 63, leads a  grand coalition  of her conservatives and the left-leaning Social Democrats (SPD) - a tie-up neither wants to repeat after the vote. Seeking a fourth term, Merkel is stressing her credentials as a global stateswoman.  Our country can t afford experiments - especially in these turbulent times,  she told a rally in Torgau, some 70 miles (120 km) south of Berlin in the state of Saxony. Merkel spoke above a cacophony of jeers and whistles from some protesters - a feature at many of her rallies as resentment persists at her decision in 2015 to open Germany s borders to hundreds of thousands of refugees fleeing war in Syria and Iraq. That decision helped the rise of the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, which punished her conservatives in regional votes last year. She has since bounced back, but the national election is likely to return a more fractured parliament due to the rise of the AfD - set to enter the Bundestag for the first time - and the expected return of the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP). This could make coalitions harder to form. Merkel wants to avoid being outflanked by a coalition of the SPD, the far-left Linke and the environmentalist Greens, who have held exploratory talks about the possibility of joining forces in a so-called  Red-Red-Green , or  R2G , coalition.  I say Red-Red-Green would be bad for our country,  she told the rally.  In the future too, we will need stability and security.  In a televised debate with SPD leader Martin Schulz on Sunday, Merkel challenged him to rule out a coalition with the Linke party, which he refused to do. A Red-Red-Green combination is untested at federal level, though the three parties have teamed up to take control of Berlin s city government. An opinion poll released on Wednesday put support for Merkel s conservatives at 38.5 percent, ahead of the SPD on 24 percent. The Greens were on 7.5 percent, the Free Democrats on 10 percent and the Linke and the AfD each on 8 percent. Resentment at Merkel s open-door policy runs particularly high in eastern Germany, but she has also been booed at rallies in the west - such as in Ludwigshafen, 45 miles (70 km) south of Frankfurt, last week.  We are Germans. She needs to be taking care of us,  Vincent Raap, an 18-year-old starting an apprenticeship as a machine operator, said at the Ludwigshafen rally.   Three times, an apprenticeship for which I had applied was given to foreigners instead,  he said, holding a sign saying  Merkel must go . ",1
20799,China's military practices for 'surprise attack' over sea near Korea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s air force has carried out exercises near the Korean peninsula, practicing to defend against a  surprise attack  coming over the sea, Chinese state media said. The exercises came days after North Korea s sixth, and most powerful, nuclear test fueled global concern that the isolated nation plans more weapons tests, possibly of a long-range missile. An anti-aircraft defense battalion held the exercises early on Tuesday, near the Bohai Sea, the innermost gulf of the Yellow Sea that separates China from the Korean peninsula, an official military website said. Troops traveled to the site from central China before immediately beginning drills to fend off the  surprise attack  simulating real battle, it said.  The troops  rapid response capabilities and actual combat levels have effectively been tested. It was the first time certain weapons, which the website did not identify, had been used to shoot down low-altitude targets coming over the sea, www.81.cn said, without elaborating. The drills  do not target any particular goal or country , and were part of an annual plan intended to boost the troops  capability, China s Defence Ministry said on its website late on Wednesday, in a response to media.   After weeks of rising tension over North Korea s actions, South Korea and the United States have been discussing the deployment of aircraft carriers and strategic bombers to the Korean peninsula. China is deeply suspicious of any U.S.-backed military build-up in the region, and has repeatedly expressed anger at the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile defense system in South Korea.   ",1
20800,U.S. warns of sanctions on any country trading with North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said on Wednesday that if the United Nations does not put additional sanctions on North Korea over nuclear tests, he has an executive order ready for President Donald Trump to sign that would impose sanctions on any country that trades with Pyongyang.  I have an executive order prepared. It s ready to go to the president. It will authorize me to stop doing trade, and put sanctions on anybody that does trade with North Korea. The president will consider that at the appropriate time once he gives the U.N. time to act,  Mnuchin told reporters on a flight back to Washington from North Dakota, where Trump gave a speech on tax reform. ",1
20801,Two Florida nuclear plants likely to shut if Irma stays on path,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Energy firm Florida Power & Light (FPL) said on Wednesday it could shut its four nuclear reactors in the path of Hurricane Irma before Saturday if the storm stayed on its current path.   Based on the current track, we would expect severe weather in Florida starting Saturday, meaning we would potentially shut down before that point,  spokesman Peter Robbins said in an email. The company, a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Inc, is watching the weather and would adjust any plans as necessary, Robbins said. The trajectory of Irma, a Category 5 storm with winds of 185 miles per hour (295 km per hour), is uncertain. Irma, which the U.S. National Hurricane Center said was the strongest Atlantic storm on record, was expected to pass near or just north of Puerto Rico on Wednesday before scraping the Dominican Republic on Thursday. FPL operates the St. Lucie nuclear power plant on Hutchinson Island, a barrier island on the Atlantic about 55 miles (88 km) north of West Palm Beach. Two reactors generate 2,000 megawatts of electricity, enough power to supply more than 1 million homes.   It also operates Turkey Point nuclear power station on Biscayne Bay, about 24 miles south of Miami. That has two reactors that generate about 1,600 megawatts of electricity, or enough for about 900,000 homes.  Robbins said the plants were designed to withstand extreme natural events including hurricanes and serious floods.    ",1
20802,South Korea deploys U.S. anti-missile launchers amid clashes with protesters,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Protesters clashed with thousands of police at a South Korean village on Thursday as Seoul deployed the four remaining launchers of the U.S. anti-missile THAAD system designed to protect against mounting threats from North Korea.   The South s defense ministry confirmed on Wednesday the launchers would be installed on a former golf course near Seongju City some 217 km (135 miles) south of Seoul. Two launchers and a powerful radar are already in place at the site as part of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system. Early on Monday, around 8,000 South Korean police gathered in the village of Soseong-ri, along the only road that leads up to the golf course, to break up a blockade of around 300 villagers and civic groups opposed to THAAD. Some 38 protesters were wounded in tussles with police, with 21 sent to hospital, according to a Seongju Fire Station official. None of the injuries were life-threatening, said Kim Jin-hoon. The Soseong-ri residents say they do not have a political motive but are against the deployment of THAAD as their lives have been disrupted by the dozens of military helicopters, buses, trucks that travel through the small melon-farming town of 80 residents. The decision to deploy THAAD, designed to shoot down short- to medium-range missiles mid-flight, has drawn strong objections from China. It believes the system s radar could be used to look deeply into its territory and will upset the regional security balance. South Korea s defense ministry has said the deployment is necessary due to the imminent threat from North Korea, which has launched numerous missiles since South Korean President Moon Jae-in took office in early May. Pyongyang also conducted its sixth nuclear test on Sunday, prompting vehement reprimands from neighboring Japan and the United States. According to a United Nations draft resolution seen by Reuters on Wednesday, the United States wants the United Nations to impose an oil embargo on North Korea, ban the country s exports of textiles and the hiring of North Korean laborers as part of new sanctions on the North. ",1
20803,Ex-minister accuses former Brazil President Lula of accepting bribes,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The former finance minister under Brazil s Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on Wednesday accused the ex-president of receiving bribes from contractor Odebrecht [ODBES.UL], adding to a list of corruption accusations that threaten Lula s ability to run for president in 2018. Lawyers for the former finance minister, Antonio Palocci, said he told prosecutors that Lula accepted Odebrecht s purchase of land for an institute in his name, a country house in Sao Paulo state and 300 million reais ($97 million) to be used after he left office. A representative for Lula said in a statement that Palocci, who was arrested a year ago in a corruption investigation, was lying and making accusations without evidence to secure a favorable deal with prosecutors to reduce his sentence. Such testimony from a close confidant could be damning for Lula, who intends to run for president again next year if he can successfully appeal a conviction that would bar him from standing. Lula faces four additional trials. Separately on Wednesday, Brazil s top prosecutor, Rodrigo Janot, charged Lula, ex-President Dilma Rousseff and a former minister with obstruction of justice related to Lula s nomination as Rousseff s chief of staff in 2016. The nomination, later struck down by the Supreme Court, would have shielded Lula from prosecution by lower courts. It was the second charge from Janot in two days. On Tuesday he accused Lula, Rousseff and six other members of their Workers Party for allegedly forming a criminal organization to carry out corruption and other crimes involving state-controlled oil company Petrobras. Lula and Rousseff deny the charges. Palocci leveled his accusations in two hours of testimony on Wednesday as part of a probe into allegations that Lula accepted the land for the institute.   It was a blood pact and a package of bribes that included payment for a property, an estate ranch and 300 million reais that gradually were made available according to a spreadsheet delivered by the contractor,  said Adriano Bretas, one of Palocci s lawyers. Tracy Reinaldet, another of Palocci s lawyers, said the agreement was made during the transition from Lula into Rousseff s first term. Palocci also served as Rousseff s chief of staff initially but was forced to resign due to corruption allegations. ",1
20804,Irma wreaks 'absolute devastation' on Caribbean isle of Barbuda,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Hurricane Irma left a trail of  absolute devastation  as it tore across the tiny Caribbean island of Barbuda on Wednesday with 185-mile-per-hour (295-kph) winds, destroying houses, snapping trees and killing at least one person     Gaston Browne, the prime minister of the two-island nation of Antigua and Barbuda, described the island as  barely habitable  after the powerful Category 5 storm struck early on Wednesday.  This rebuilding initiative will take years,  Browne told local ABS Television Radio after a visit to the island, where he confirmed that one person died in the storm. Describing the scene as  absolute devastation,  he said the storm, which also snapped a telecoms tower, had caused estimated damage of some $150 million. Lying a little over 250 miles (400 km) east of Puerto Rico, Barbuda has a population of 1,800 and is one of the Caribbean s quietest getaways for tourists coming to enjoy its turquoise seas and coral reefs. Aerial footage of the island after Irma had passed through showed a desolate, flooded landscape shorn of trees and foliage with overturned vehicles and scattered debris. An island resident who identified himself as King Goldilocks, 60, said he had been left homeless.  Last night was the worst night of my life,  Goldilocks said on ABS, wearing a raincoat and clutching a cane.  We had minimal loss of life but we had maximum damage.  Browne, who said earlier the damage had not been serious on Barbuda, about 30 miles (48 km) from Antigua, changed his mind after taking a helicopter to the island once the winds died down. He said Barbudan residents should be evacuated if a second hurricane, Jose, turns toward the islands later this week. Jose is forecast to become a major storm and pass close to Antigua and Barbuda on Saturday. ",1
20805,Pope arrives in Colombia to help heal wounds of 50-year war,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Pope Francis arrived in Colombia on Wednesday with a message of unity for a nation deeply divided by a peace deal that ended a five-decade war with Marxist FARC rebels but left many victims of the bloodshed wary of the fraught healing process. Francis, making his 20th foreign trip since becoming pontiff in 2013 and his fifth to his native Latin America, started his visit in Colombian capital Bogota. He will travel later in the week to the cities of Villavicencio, Medellin and Cartagena. Greeted at the airport by President Juan Manuel Santos as attendees waved white handkerchiefs, the Argentine pope hopes his presence will help build bridges in a nation torn apart by bitter feuding over a peace accord with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC). Speaking to reporters on the Bogota-bound plane, Francis said the trip was  a bit special because it is being made to help Colombia go forward on its path to peace.  Francis will encourage reconciliation as Colombians prepare to receive 7,000 former FARC fighters into society and repair divisions after a war that killed more than 220,000 people and displaced millions over five decades. References to the recent peace deal were immediate. A teenage boy, born in 2004 to vice presidential candidate Clara Rojas when she was held captive in the jungle by the FARC, handed Francis a white porcelain dove as a welcome present. On his drive to the Vatican Embassy in central Bogota, the leader of the world s Roman Catholics was mobbed in the  pope mobile  by screaming crowds tossing flowers and holding up children to be kissed.  Peace is what Colombia has been seeking for a long time and is working to achieve,  the pope said in a video message ahead of his arrival.  A stable, lasting peace, so that we see and treat each other as brothers, never as enemies.       The FARC, which began as a peasant revolt in 1964 and battled more than a dozen governments, has formed a political party and now hopes to use words instead of weapons to effect changes in Colombia s social and economic model. But many Colombians are furious that the 2016 peace deal with the government granted fighters amnesty and some will be rewarded with seats in congress. A referendum on the deal last year was narrowly rejected, before being later modified and passed by congress. Trumpet players, singing children and white-clad rappers greeted the pope - wearing a traditional woolen poncho - at the embassy where he urged young people to  keep smiling  and then led the crowd in the Hail Mary prayer.  Don t let anyone steal your hope,  he said. People lined up all day to see the pope pass by, queues stretched around the cathedral in Bogota as residents sought passes for his events, and street vendors sold t-shirts, baseball caps and posters carrying Francis s image.  Pope Francis coming to Colombia has to unite the people. We cannot continue to be polarized. We must learn to live in peace and respect our differences,  Lucia Camargo, a pensioner, said as she lined up for a glimpse of the pontiff. Although most church leaders have voiced support for the accord, some politicians and Catholic bishops have criticized the deal for being too lenient on the guerrillas. The pope is expected to urge them to set aside their differences.  The visit will leave us a sense of union, of forgiveness,   Bogota Mayor Enrique Penalosa told Reuters.  Colombia is very polarized at the moment. There are many passions, many hatreds.  Reconciliation will be the emphasis for events on Friday in the city of Villavicencio, south of Bogota, where the pope will listen to testimonials from people whose lives were affected by the violence and then deliver a homily. Victims and former rebels who demobilized prior to the accord will attend. The pope will not meet FARC leaders or the opposition. He also had a message of dialogue and forgiveness for neighboring Venezuela, wracked by months of protests against President Nicolas Maduro, who has tightened his hold on power as an economic crisis has escalated. As his plane flew over the socialist nation, the pope sent  cordial greetings  in a telegram to Maduro and Venezuelans.   Praying that all in the nation may promote paths of solidarity, justice and harmony, I willingly invoke upon all of you God s blessings of peace,  he said. ",1
20806,No 'fire and fury' as Trump team talks North Korea with Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump s top national security advisers stressed efforts to find a diplomatic solution to the North Korea crisis to Congress on Wednesday, staying far from Trump s tough talk of potential  fire and fury  military responses to Pyongyang s missile program. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford held classified briefings on North Korea and Afghanistan for the entire House of Representatives and Senate. Lawmakers said the officials discussed efforts including consultations with allies, sanctions, pushing for action at the United Nations and military options. But they said the briefings  tone was sharply different from some of Trump s recent public statements. After recent missile launches and nuclear tests by North Korea, the president has vowed to stop the weapons program and said he would unleash  fire and fury  if Pyongyang threatened U.S. territory. Mattis also warned of a  massive  military response if the United States or its allies were threatened.  Each of them was very professional, very measured in what they were saying, and understand the stakes that are in play here. So there s nothing over-the-top, no over-the-top rhetoric, just a layout of where they are in trying to deal with this issue,  Senator Bob Corker, Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told reporters. Representative Eliot Engel, the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee said after the briefing it was clear that the administration would like to negotiate an agreement with North Korea.  There was really no bluster whatsoever,  Engel said. Members of Congress from both parties called for stricter sanctions against North Korea, and said the United States should seek to work closely with allies like South Korea, push China to do more and see action at the United Nations.  The best strategy would be deploying sanctions... sustained financial pressure in which we do not let up on those financial institutions that are assisting North Korea,  said Republican Representative Ed Royce, chairman of the House committee, who just returned from a trip to South Korea. Republican Representative Mac Thornberry, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, said there had been more members of the House at the briefing than he could remember at similar sessions.  There was a tremendous amount of interest,  he said. ",1
20807,"Florida stations face fuel shortages, delays ahead of Irma","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gasoline stations around Florida struggled to keep up with demand from customers anxious to fill tanks as Hurricane Irma approached, with some locations running out of supply on Wednesday. Some convenience stores are out of fuel as delivery trucks wait three to four hours to get cargoes from Port Everglades, the main supply source for the southern part of the state, said Ned Bowman, executive director at the Florida Petroleum Marketers and Convenience Store Association, which represents 98 percent of fuel sold in Florida. Deliveries in the southern part of the state have been slowed by heavy traffic as residents evacuate.  The Category 5 storm, with winds exceeding 185 mph (295 km/h), clobbered Caribbean islands on Wednesday as Florida officials called for evacuations ahead of expected landfall this weekend. It would be the second powerful storm to hit the U.S. mainland in as many weeks, following Tropical Storm Harvey.  Filling stations in Orlando struggled to keep up with demand as early as Tuesday, with some running out of fuel or facing long lag times for resupply. Deliveries are usually made on an as-needed basis within an hour of a station signaling low fuel levels.  We re normally not even super busy at our pumps, and there are people parked behind each other right now, waiting,  said Eli Brito, shift manager of a RaceTrac station in Orlando that was out of regular fuel on Wednesday after waiting four hours for delivery on Tuesday.  Gasoline prices in Florida hit $2.71 a gallon on Wednesday, up 42 cents from a month ago, according to motorist advocacy group AAA. Florida has no refineries and its more than 20 million residents rely on refined products delivered by tanker and barge at its ports. On Wednesday, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said it would allow diesel fuel normally restricted to off-road use like farm equipment to be sold for highway vehicles that use diesel through Sept. 22, due to the approaching storm. The U.S. Coast Guard limited movement of ships into and out of the ports, including Port Everglades, which houses about a dozen fuel terminals. Commercial traffic is still allowed, said Coast Guard Petty Officer Brandon Murray.  The Coast Guard plans to further restrict traffic at the port midday Thursday, and require ships to make final mooring plans by midday Friday. No timeline for port closure has been set. Port Everglades had supplies on hand through mid-September when Harvey hit Texas, spokeswoman Ellen Kennedy said. The port usually has about two weeks of fuel available, she added. The state s other fuel-receiving ports, including Jacksonville and Tampa, remained open, said Bowman.  We ve been down this horse race before,  Bowman said from Florida s emergency operations center ahead of the storm.  ",1
20808,"After year of 'repression' in Bahrain, West remains silent, Amnesty says","DUBAI (Reuters) - Bahrain s government has crushed dissent and violently cracked down on protests in the past year, Amnesty International said on Thursday, and it accused Britain and the United States in particular of turning a blind eye to its abuses. Amnesty said in a report on Thursday that it had documented how the Bahraini government, from June 2016 to June 2017, arrested, tortured, threatened or banned from travel at least 169 activists and opponents or their relatives. Bahraini authorities could not immediately be reached for comment. Bahrain has repeatedly denied systematic rights abuses. Entitled  No one can protect you: Bahrain s year of crushing dissent , the report said that at least six people were killed, including a child, in the crackdowns. The report also accused Western governments, notably the United States and Britain of remaining silent. The two countries have a particularly high level of influence in Bahrain, where the U.S. Fifth Fleet is based and where Britain s Royal Navy has a major facility.  Amnesty said U.S. President Donald Trump s policy has shifted from that of his predecessor, Barack Obama, who had publicly criticized the authorities of the tiny Gulf state.   In March 2017, President Trump told Bahrain s King Hamad  there won t be strain with this administration : Bahrain appears to have interpreted this statement as a green light to pursue its repression,  the report said. Bahrain has stepped up a crackdown on critics, shutting down two main political groups, revoking the citizenship of the spiritual leader of the Shi ite Muslim community and jailing rights campaigners. It denounced attempts by previous U.S. and UK governments to intervene in its campaign. In July, a Bahraini court sentenced rights campaigner and prominent activist Nabeel Rajab to two years in jail for allegedly making  false or malicious  statements about Bahraini authorities. Rajab is facing another trial and risks a further 15 years in prison for tweeting.  Using an array of tools of repression, including harassment, arbitrary detention and torture, the government of Bahrain has managed to crush a formerly thriving civil society,  Philip Luther, Amnesty International s director for the Middle East and North Africa, said in a statement. Amnesty said it had received reports of nine cases of government critics being tortured in detention, eight of them in May 2017 alone. Bahrain has been a flashpoint since the Sunni-led government put down Arab Spring protests in 2011. The kingdom, most of whose population is Shi ite, says it faces a threat from neighboring Shi ite theocracy Iran. It accuses the Islamic Republic of radicalizing and arming some members of its majority Shi ite population in an effort to bring about the downfall of the ruling Al Khalifa family. Tehran denies any meddling in Bahrain. ",1
20809,Saudi King Salman to visit White House early next year: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke with Saudi King Salman on Wednesday and the two leaders agreed Salman will visit the White House early next year, the White House said in a statement. In the phone call, Trump and Salman also  discussed ways to continue advancing shared priorities, including enhancing security and prosperity in the Middle East,  the statement said.   ",1
20810,China's Xi tells Trump that North Korea nuclear issue must be solved via talks,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China is focused on solving the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue through talks and peaceful means, Chinese President Xi Jinping told U.S. President Donald Trump in a telephone call on Wednesday. The United States and South Korea have asked the United Nations to consider tough new sanctions on North Korea after its nuclear test on Sunday that Pyongyang said was an advanced hydrogen bomb. Washington and its allies have said there is a growing urgency for China, North Korea s top ally and trading partner, to apply more pressure on its already isolated neighbor to get it to back down on its nuclear weapons and missiles programs. China s focus on negotiations contrasts with Trump s assertions over the last few days that now was not the time to focus on talks with North Korea. In a telephone call with U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday,  President Trump reiterated that now is not the time to talk to North Korea, and made clear that all options remain open to defend the United States and its allies against North Korean aggression,  the White House said on Wednesday. However, the issue was not mentioned in a separate White House statement on the Trump-Xi call, which said only that the two leaders recognized the danger posed by North Korea and committed to working together with the goal of denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula. Earlier, a statement from China s foreign ministry said China  unswervingly  works to realize denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula and to safeguard the international nuclear non-proliferation system, Xi told Trump.  At the same time, we always persist in safeguarding peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and resolving the issue through dialogue and consultation,  Xi said.  It is necessary to stay on the path of a peaceful solution.  Xi also said that China attaches importance to Trump s visit to China later this year. The statement cited Trump as saying that the United States was deeply concerned about the Korean nuclear issue and that it valued China s  important role  in resolving the problem. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley accused North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on Monday of  begging for war  and urged the Security Council to impose the  strongest possible  sanctions. Beijing has said reining in North Korea is not chiefly its responsibility, and has expressed doubts that U.N. economic sanctions, which it has backed, will resolve the situation. Sanctions so far appear to have done little to stop North Korea from boosting its nuclear and missile capacity as it faces off with Trump, who has vowed to stop Pyongyang from being able to hit the U.S. mainland with a nuclear weapon. It is unclear if China will back further sanctions. Beijing fears that completely cutting off North Korea could lead to its collapse, unleashing a wave of refugees into China s northeast. China accounted for 92 percent of North Korea s trade in 2016, according to South Korea. China s foreign ministry said on Tuesday it would take part in Security Council discussions in  a responsible and constructive manner . China and Russia have advocated a plan in which the United States and Seoul stop major military drills in exchange for North Korea halting its weapons programs, but neither side is willing to budge. Trump and Xi last spoke by telephone on Aug. 12. The White House said at the time that their relationship was  extremely close  and  will hopefully lead to a peaceful resolution of the North Korea problem.  But tensions in China-U.S. ties have increased since Trump took office, with the U.S. president having authorized an investigation into China s alleged theft of intellectual property, and suggesting trade relations would be linked to Beijing s help on North Korea. ",1
20811,Hurricane Irma threatens luxury Trump properties,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma swept over U.S. President Donald Trump s 11-bedroom Caribbean mansion on Wednesday, the first of several luxury Trump properties threatened by the storm s path. It was not immediately known whether Irma damaged Trump s beachfront Chateau des Palmiers, or Castle of the Palms, on St. Martin. The gated estate, for sale for $16.9 million, is owned through a trust and had been rented out, U.S. media has reported. But French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said some buildings had been destroyed and social media showed flooded roads and overturned cars on the island that is roughly divided between France and the Netherlands.  The situation was being closely monitored on St. Martin and at a number of Trump properties in Florida, Trump Organization spokesperson Amanda Miller told Reuters in a statement.  Our teams at the Trump properties in Florida are taking all of the proper precautions and following local and Florida state advisories very closely to ensure that everyone is kept safe and secure,  Miller said. While Irma s exact trajectory remained uncertain, Trump s Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach - which has been called the  winter White House  and valued by Forbes at $175 million - could also take a hit. Trump bought the estate in 1985 and turned it into an exclusive club, which now boasts a membership fee of $200,000 and is a haven for the tony Palm Beach set who pull up to the gate in Bentleys and Rolls-Royces. A staffer who answered the phone said it was closed and declined to comment further. Palm Beach County declared a state of emergency on Wednesday. Near Miami, Trump owns luxury high-rise condos called the Trump Towers, Sunny Isles and the oceanfront Trump International Beach Resort. Some guests were leaving ahead of the storm but precautions were being taken and resort officials were prepared to oversee evacuations if they were ordered, marketing director Jim Monastra said. At the Trump National Doral, an 800-acre golf resort in Miami that local media reported had completed a $250 million renovation last year, officials tweeted Wednesday that resort operations were going on as normal until further notice. ",1
20812,Pope arrives in Colombia on mission to promote peace,BOGOTA (Reuters) - Pope Francis arrived on a five-day trip to Colombia on Wednesday with the hope his presence will unite a nation deeply divided by a peace deal that ended a five-decade war with Marxist FARC rebels. An Alitalia flight carrying the Argentine pontiff landed at the Catam military air base in Bogota and will head to the Vatican Embassy after being greeted by President Juan Manuel Santos. ,1
20813,U.S. to suspend immigration enforcement in areas hit by Hurricane Irma,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Homeland Security said on Wednesday it will not conduct non-criminal immigration enforcement operations in areas affected by Hurricane Irma, which is barreling through the Caribbean and is forecast to hit Florida this weekend.  When it comes to rescuing people in the wake of Hurricane Irma, immigration status is not and will not be a factor,  the department said in a statement.  ",1
20814,Peru raises cost of post-floods rebuilding to nearly $8 billion,"LIMA (Reuters) - Previously uncalculated damage caused by severe flooding in Peru this year has pushed up the cost of rebuilding infrastructure by 28 percent to 25.65 billion soles ($7.92 billion), a government official said Wednesday. Pablo de la Flor, who was appointed by President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski to lead the reconstruction effort, said 38 percent of the new total will pay for rebuilding highways, roads and bridges. The rest will be used to help build homes, schools, health clinics, sewage systems and farms affected by the floods.  Without a doubt this is the most important fiscal effort in Peru s recent history,  de la Flor told a press conference. Finance Minister Fernando Zavala said the cost increase would be included in the budget in 2019 or 2020. The rebuilding plan was approved by Kuczynski s cabinet on Wednesday and does not need a green light from Congress. Early this year an unusually brutal rainy season due to a sudden warming of Pacific waters killed 162 people, slowed economic growth sharply and caused damage equivalent to 2 percent of Peru s gross domestic product. De la Flor said the government would likely start awarding contracts at the end of the year. ",1
20815,Catalonia parliament votes for Oct. 1 referendum on split from Spain,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s parliament voted on Wednesday to hold an independence referendum on Oct. 1, setting up a clash with the Spanish government that has vowed to stop what it says would be an illegal vote. After 12 hours of often chaotic debate in the Barcelona parliament, a majority voted for the referendum and the legal framework to set up a new state, under which the assembly would declare independence within 48 hours of a  yes  vote. Lawmakers who opposed independence abandoned the chamber before the vote, with some leaving Catalan flags in their empty seats. The winners, led by regional head Carles Puigdemont, sang the Catalan national anthem once the votes were counted.   Committed to freedom and democracy! We push on!  Catalonia s deputy governor, Oriol Junqueras, tweeted after the vote. Polls in the northeastern region show support for self-rule waning as Spain s economy improves. But the majority of Catalans do want the opportunity to vote on whether to split from Spain. The government has asked the Spanish constitutional court to declare the referendum law void as soon as it is approved by the regional parliament. The Spanish constitution states that the country is indivisible.  What is happening in the Catalan parliament is embarrassing, it s shameful,  Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria told reporters. The details of the referendum, which would pose the question  Do you want Catalonia to be an independent republic?  to all Spanish citizens living in Catalonia, were revealed amid a tense atmosphere in the 135-seat regional parliament.  You will not split up Spain, but you are breaking up Catalonia,  Alejandro Fernandez of the ruling People s Party (PP) told pro-independence lawmakers.  You re putting social harmony at risk.  The vote comes about three weeks after Barcelona and a nearby town were struck by Islamist attacks that killed 16 people and caused the Catalan and Spanish governments to present a brief united front. Divisions reappeared as both sides squabbled over whether either could have prevented the attacks, and rallies against terrorism became politicized. Crowds in Barcelona booed Spain s King Felipe when he visited for one march. There will be no minimum turnout requirement to make the result of the referendum binding, Puigdemont said in a recent briefing. Ballot boxes, voting papers and an electoral census are at the ready, he said. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy told a news conference on Monday the government would come down with all the force of the law to ensure no referendum would go ahead. Courts have already suspended from office and leveled millions of euros in fines at Catalan politicians who organized a non-binding referendum in 2014, which returned a  yes  vote on a low turnout. ",1
20816,Trump administration blacklists three officials for South Sudan war,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Wednesday imposed sanctions against two senior South Sudanese officials and the country s former army chief in a warning to the government of President Salva Kiir over increasing attacks on civilians in the country s four-year civil war. The U.S. Treasury Department in a statement on its website said it had blacklisted Malek Reuben Riak Rengu, deputy chief of defense for logistics in South Sudan s army; Paul Malong, former army chief sacked by Kiir in May; and Minister of Information Michael Makuei Lueth for their roles in destabilizing South Sudan. The measures freeze any assets in the United States or tied to the U.S. financial system belonging to the three men. Mawien Makol, spokesman at South Sudan s foreign affairs ministry, called Washington s announcement unfortunate.   Such sanctions can undermine the efforts rather than help the efforts,  Makol said, referring to a 2015 peace deal.  Nathaniel Oyet, a senior official in the opposition SPLA-IO group, welcomed the move although added:  It has come a bit late. We wanted it yesterday.   This now gives us the confidence that the Donald Trump administration will fix the crisis in South Sudan,  said Oyet. The U.S. crackdown comes days after Trump s new aid administrator, Mark Green, visited South Sudan to deliver a blunt message to Kiir that Washington was reviewing its policy toward his government. He called on Kiir to end the violence and implement a  real  ceasefire. The meeting signaled that the Trump administration was reconsidering its backing for Kiir, who came to power with the support of Washington when oil-rich South Sudan won independence from neighboring Sudan in 2011 following decades of conflict. But the world s youngest country dissolved into civil war in 2013 after Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, fired his deputy Riek Machar, a Nuer. Nearly one-third of the country s population - or 4  million people - have fled their homes, creating the continent s largest refugee crisis since the 1994 Rwandan genocide. In its statement, the U.S. Treasury said Malek Reuben was central to weapons procurement during the first few years of the conflict and helped plan an offensive in Unity State in April 2015, which targeted civilians and led to  numerous rights abuses.  It also accused him of issuing military contracts at inflated prices  in order to receive extensive kickbacks.   The U.S. Treasury blacklisted All Energy Investments, A+ Engineering, Electronics & Media Printing and Mak International Services which it said was owned or controlled by Malek Reuben.  Malong was sacked by Kiir in May as army chief and put under house arrest in the capital Juba, the country s defense minister told Reuters last week. The U.S. Treasury said he was being sanctioned for obstructing peace talks, international peacekeeping efforts and humanitarian missions in South Sudan. The Treasury statement said Malong was reportedly responsible for efforts to kill Machar in 2016 and  did not discourage  the killing of civilians around the town of Wau last year. It said Malong was found with  currency worth millions of U.S. dollars in his possession  belonging to the military s treasury as he tried to flee Juba in early May. Reached by phone in Nairobi, Malong s wife, Ayak Lucy, told Reuters her husband did not have financial assets in the United States. She was unaware of the sanctions announcement.  Meanwhile, the U.S. Treasury accused Makuei of attacks against the U.N. mission in South Sudan and obstructing of peacekeeping and humanitarian missions in the country.  What do they call it? Economic sanctions? What property do I have in America and all over the world?  he told Reuters in response to the sanctions. ",1
20817,Togo opposition calls for president to quit as protests mount,"LOME (Reuters) - Togo s opposition chief called on Wednesday for the immediate resignation of President Faure Gnassingbe, the current head of a half century-old political dynasty, rejecting a government move to introduce term limits as protests gained momentum.  Tens of thousands of protesters clad in red, orange and pink - the colors of Togo s opposition parties - marched through the streets of the capital Lome as security forces looked on, a Reuters witness said. Some carried banners bearing slogans including  Free Togo  and  Faure resign . Gnassingbe has ruled the West African nation since his father died in 2005 after 38 years in power. The late President Gnassingbe Eyadema passed a law in 1992 limiting the president to two terms in power, only to scrap it a decade later. Togo s cabinet on Tuesday adopted a draft bill to bring back the term limits, the government announced in a statement. But the decision did little to satisfy an increasingly rejuvenated opposition. Speaking before a crowd of thousands of protesters in central Lome, Jean-Pierre Fabre, the head of the main ANC opposition party, said:  We will march again tomorrow. Faure should talk to us about the conditions for his departure. The (draft) law on mandates comes too late.  Residents said similar protests were underway in Sokode, 340 km (210 miles) north of the coastal capital, as well as several other towns.  A number of long-serving African rulers, notably in Rwanda, Burundi and Burkina Faso, have moved to drop term limits in recent years in order to remain in power. In some cases this has sparked strong opposition that has led to violent unrest. However, unlike marches last month during which at least two protesters were killed by security forces, there was no sign of violence by early afternoon on Wednesday. Togo, which aspires to become an African Dubai and hosts the headquarters of pan-African lender Ecobank  and other major firms, has a history of repression. Around 500 people were killed during protests against the current leader s 2005 poll victory. But the move to reintroduce a two-term limit could represent an important volte-face by the president, whose government in 2015 voted against the introduction of regional term limits across the ECOWAS 15-nation zone which he currently chairs.  (I) deplore the serious incidents in Sokode and Lome during the protests of 19 August and call upon the people to exercise calm, serenity and moderation,  Gnassingbe said in a statement released on Wednesday. He also pledged to improve living conditions in the country of nearly 8 million people. It was not immediately known when the bill approved by the cabinet will be presented to parliament. Nor was it clear how the proposed change to article 59 of the constitution would affect Gnassingbe, who is now serving a third mandate which ends in 2020. Government critics accused authorities of cutting mobile internet access on Wednesday in a move they said mirrored cuts imposed by other African incumbents, such as Gabon s Ali Bongo, to control criticism at sensitive times. However, the main internet gateway remained operational according to Dyn which monitors global internet traffic. A government official could not immediately be reached for comment. ",1
20818,Holocaust survivors rock Berlin's Brandenburg Gate with song of hope,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Two aging Holocaust survivors joined forces with a younger Israeli singer to perform songs of hope at Berlin s Brandenburg Gate on Wednesday at a time when Germany is seeing a rise in anti-Semitism. Saul Dreier, a drummer aged 92, and Reuwen  Ruby  Sosnowicz, an 89-year-old accordionist, backed up Gad Elbaz at a site once used by Adolf Hitler for anti-Semitic speeches.  I don t want to cry. If I can be 92 and be here after what I went through - there are no words,  Dreier told Reuters at the end of a long and emotional day      This is a miracle. I lost 30 people in my family,  he told a crowd of around 80 people before the performance. Dreier said recent news of neo-Nazi marches in the United States and Germany made him sick and brought back memories of the horrors of the Nazi regime that killed 6 million Jews.  It s very frightening. Young people have to make sure it never happens again.  The men, who both live in Florida, formed their  Holocaust Survivors Band  in 2014 and went on to play in front of packed audiences from Warsaw and Las Vegas to Washington, D.C.  Elbaz said the event in Berlin was meant to make sure younger people remained vigilant about the dangers of anti-Semitism.  This is about reviving history and showing our generation how important it is not to forget where we came from, what we ve been through, and that it should never happen again,  he said. Organizers plan to release a music video filmed during the performance of one of the songs,  Let the Light Shine On . Shani Ramer, 48, who was born in Israel but grew up and lives in Berlin, said the concert reminded her of family members who perished.  It touched my heart,  she said. She welcomed the concert s message of hope.  It s saying we are still here. No one will kill us now.  Abida Ali, a Muslim tourist visiting Germany from Pakistan, joined other bystanders dancing to the upbeat music. Ali said she had experienced no discrimination during her visit despite her head scarf.  It s only a small percentage of the people who are violent,  she said.  There is hope. Everyone really wants peace.  A study by Bielefeld University carried out last year showed that 78 percent of Jews living in Germany believe anti-Semitism has increased to some extent, or to a large extent, in the previous five years.    ",1
20819,One dead after light aircraft collides on Caernarfon runway,"(Reuters) - British Police said that one person died after a light aircraft collision at Caernarfon Airport in Wales on Thursday. The police said in a Facebook post that the pilot of the aircraft had died after it collided on the runway and caught fire.   A cordon is in place around the site and we are urging the public to remain clear of the area to allow the emergency services to deal with the incident,  Sharon McCairn , Chief Inspector for North Wales Police said. ",1
20820,EU to raise pressure on Poland over democracy concerns: sources,"TALLINN (Reuters) - European Union states will this month debate increasing pressure on Poland to uphold the rule of law, sources said, as the next stage in a process that could see its government formally denounced as anti-democratic. The nationalist Law and Justice (PiS) government in Warsaw has pushed through reforms to the judiciary and media that critics within the EU say have weakened the democratic order.  PiS rejects the criticism, accuses Brussels of overstepping its mandate and says it has broad backing for its reforms within Poland, a country of 38 million and formerly communist eastern Europe s dominant economy. After more than a year of growing pressure from the European Commission, the executive on Wednesday asked the bloc s 28 EU affairs ministers to discuss its concerns on Sept. 25, the day after national elections in Germany. The Commission s deputy head Frans Timmermans will brief the ministers on his so far futile efforts to persuade Warsaw to shift its position, the sources said. German Chancellor Angela Merkel has joined the growing chorus of those calling for firmer action on Poland and discussed the matter with the Commission s chief, Jean-Claude Juncker. Should Warsaw remain adamant, it eventually risks losing generous EU handouts if it continues to upset its wealthier peers that chip in for the funds, a debate gradually heating up in the bloc. For now, the EU has limited firepower at its disposal.  But it could trigger Article 7 proceedings under which it would ask the other 27 EU states to formally state that the rule of law was under threat in Poland - an action unprecedented in EU history. Timmermans has set a clear red line by saying that Article 7 would be opened should Warsaw start to fire the country s Supreme Court judges under the judicial overhaul. The dispute highlights Warsaw s growing isolation in the EU since the eurosceptic PiS won power there in 2015, but also a growing east-west divide within the bloc. Launching Article 7 would be a major embarrassment for Poland, but its regional ally Hungary - whose leader Viktor Orban also has a track record of crossing swords with Brussels - has made clear it would block any sanctions against it under the punitive procedure. In the west, increasingly frustrated with multiplying feuds with Warsaw that also touch on migration and environmental issues, some express renewed doubts about the 2004 EU enlargement that added eight ex-communist countries to the bloc.  In Poland, opposition parties sound alarm that PiS is reneging on fundamental EU values and could eventually risk sabotaging Poland s EU membership, which gave the country billions of euros and anchored it in the western world after decades of the Moscow-imposed communism after World War Two. But PiS has largely been successful in rallying its supporters around what it presents as standing up for Poland s national interests against the EU dictate, just as Orban has portrayed his own feuds with the bloc to his voters. The more immediate effect is that Warsaw is hemorrhaging political influence in the EU and has less capacity to shape the bloc s policies despite being the sixth largest state by population, and the fifth one after Britain leaves. ",1
20821,U.S. forces apologize for 'highly offensive' Afghan propaganda leaflet,"KABUL (Reuters) - A senior U.S. commander in Afghanistan apologized on Wednesday for a  highly offensive  leaflet which contained a passage from the Koran used in the Taliban militants  banner superimposed on to the image of a dog. The Taliban said the leaflet showed American hatred of Islam, adding that it had launched a suicide attack near the entrance to the U.S. Bagram Air Field, north of Kabul, in revenge. The image, distributed by U.S. forces in Parwan province, north of Kabul, on Tuesday, showed a section of the Taliban s banner superimposed onto the side of a dog - an animal considered unclean by Muslims. The banner contains a passage from the Koran in Arabic.  The design of the leaflets mistakenly contained an image highly offensive to both Muslims and the religion of Islam,  Major General James Linder said in a statement.  I sincerely apologize. We have the deepest respect for Islam and our Muslim partners worldwide,  he said, adding that an investigation would be held  to determine the cause of this incident and to hold the responsible party accountable . Parwan Governor Mohammad Hasem condemned the leaflet as  unforgivable .  Those who have committed this unforgivable mistake in the publicity, propaganda or media section of the coalition forces will be tried and punished,  he said. The incident highlights one of the challenges facing international forces in Afghanistan, most of which are from non-Muslim cultures, despite the efforts Western forces have generally taken to avoid stoking anti-foreigner sentiment. The risk of a backlash against international forces has grown more pronounced with a rise in civilian casualties caused by increased U.S. and Afghan government air strikes since the beginning of the year. The Taliban, fighting to restore strict Islamic rule to Afghanistan and drive out foreign forces, issued a statement saying the leaflet made clear  that this war is a war between Islam and unbelief . The insurgent movement claimed responsibility for a suicide attack on the U.S. base at Bagram Air Field north of Kabul that local officials said wounded four Afghan civilians, although the Taliban itself said 20 Americans were killed. In 2012, U.S. commanders were forced to apologize after copies of the Koran and other religious texts were mistakenly burned at Bagram Air Base near Kabul. The incident triggered large demonstrations in Kabul and other provinces in which several people were killed. On another occasion, a film of U.S. Marines urinating on the bodies of dead Taliban fighters caused widespread offense, prompting an investigation and criminal charges. So-called information operations conducted by government and coalition forces have long been used to try to persuade local people to turn against the Taliban and other insurgent groups. Above the picture of a lion and the dog, the leaflet urged people to report insurgents to the authorities.   Take back your freedom from the terrorist dogs and cooperate with coalition forces so they can target your enemy and eliminate them,  it said. ",1
20822,Trump seeks tougher sanctions to prod North Korea into negotiations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With no palatable military options, U.S. President Donald Trump may ultimately have no choice but to give diplomacy a chance to end the crisis over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. For now, though, he is pursuing tougher economic sanctions, including an oil embargo, and opposed to making any concessions that might look like appeasement, insisting that more pressure on the regime of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is needed before it is time to talk. North Korea seems even more opposed to negotiations until it has achieved the ability to attack the continental United States with nuclear weapons.  North Korea is not interested in dialogue. ... Kim Jong Un has sent a message with this last test that he doesn t listen to anybody,  said a senior official who helps coordinate the European Union s North Korea policy. So for now, despite calls from Russia, China, and others, there is no push from the United States or North Korea for direct talks, despite an escalating crisis that threatens millions of lives after North Korea conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test last weekend.  The Trump administration says the United Nations needs to tighten economic sanctions to pressure North Korea to change its behavior and start talking. A draft sanctions resolution was circulated to the United Nations Security Council on Wednesday. Trump s tactics, one senior administration official said on the condition of anonymity, mirror those in many of his business deals: simultaneously playing good cop and bad cop, not appearing too interested in making a deal but keeping lines of communication open. Trump said on Wednesday after a call with Chinese leader Xi Jinping that military action against North Korea was not a first choice,  but we will see what happens.  Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said on Sunday that Kim was  begging for war,  but added:  The time has come for us to exhaust all of our diplomatic means before it s too late.  The United States wants the Security Council to impose an oil embargo on North Korea, ban its exports of textiles and the hiring of North Korean laborers abroad and subject leader Kim Jong Un to an asset freeze and travel ban, according to a draft resolution seen by Reuters on Wednesday. It was not immediately clear if the draft had the support of North Korean ally China, which along with Russia, while denouncing the latest test, has said that resolving the nuclear crisis is impossible with sanctions and pressure alone. [L4N1LN25F] A decade of sanctions has not slowed North Korea s nuclear weapons program, and now that it is closer to its goal, diplomats and analysts say it is unlikely to back down.  The U.S. policy of strategic patience on North Korea has assumed that time is on their side - that economic sanctions will eventually lead to the collapse of Kim Jong Un s regime and its economy, and it will come to the negotiating table, no longer able to withstand the economic pain,  said Moon Chung-in, a special adviser to South Korea s president on foreign affairs and national security.  However, such an assumption has now proven wrong. North Korea s economy has not only adapted quickly to tightening sanctions, but the country has also succeeded in advancing its nuclear weapons programs despite more than a decade of economic hardship.  Zhao Tong, a Beijing-based North Korea expert at the Carnegie-Tsinghua Center, said Pyongyang may hope Washington ultimately will recognize it has developed a credible nuclear capability, abandon its long-standing precondition for talks - that North Korea accept that they be aimed at its nuclear disarmament - and instead seek the freezing its nuclear program.  From the North Korean perspective, their strategy is working,  he said.  Most experts say it no longer is realistic to think North Korea will trade away its nuclear arsenal in exchange for sanctions relief, economic support, or a peace treaty with the United States ending the formal state of war that has existed since the 1950-53 Korean War. Robert Einhorn, a former senior U.S. non-proliferation specialist now at the Brookings Institution think tank in Washington, said North Korea has learned from the U.S. invasion of Iraq and the late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi s decision to stop developing weapons of mass destruction  that you can t give up critical assets that you need for your own survival.  China has put forth a  freeze-for-freeze  proposal that would suspend large-scale U.S. military exercises with South Korea in return for a suspension of North Korean nuclear and missile tests. Washington continues to reject that idea. But the longer diplomacy is delayed, the greater the chances that North Korea can master the ability to hit the U.S. mainland with nuclear-tipped missiles, and then enter talks from a position of strength. South Korea is keeping open the option of dialogue with North Korea, and hopes Washington and Seoul can develop a diplomatic  roadmap,  Cho Hyun, South Korea s second Vice Foreign Minister, said at a seminar in Washington on Tuesday.  It may sound unrealistic today, but we cannot abandon it.  ",1
20823,"Trump says hurricane does not look good, eyes debt ceiling debate","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday said the hurricane moving toward Florida and Puerto Rico looks to be record-breaking and said a meeting with congressional leaders would show whether they could work out challenges the country faced.  We have many many things that are on the plate. Hopefully we can solve them,  he said during a meeting with Republican and Democratic congressional leaders.  Maybe we won t be able to,  he said. Asked if he would accept a three-month debt ceiling increase tied to disaster relief funding, Trump said:  We ll see.  ",1
20824,Rwanda arrests supporters of jailed opposition figure,"KIGALI (Reuters) - Rwandan police have arrested supporters of jailed opposition figure Victoire Ingabire who they said were planning to join an armed group in a neighboring country. Ingabire was jailed for 15 years in 2012 for conspiring to form an armed group to undermine the government and for seeking to minimize the 1994 genocide. Among the seven people arrested was Boniface Twagirimana, the vice president of Ingabire s party, and Leonille Gasengayire, a member of the party - FDU-Inkingi - which has never been registered as an official political movement, the police said on Wednesday.  Both have in the past accused the government of killing or being behind the disappearance of party members, which the government denies. Ingabire returned from exile in the Netherlands to contest a presidential election in January 2010 but was barred from standing after being accused of genocide denial. More than 800,000 people were killed in Rwanda when an ethnic Hutu-led government and ethnic militias went on a 100-day massacre. Afterwards, President Paul Kagame, who won a third term last month, was lauded for bringing economic improvements but he has faced increasing accusations of widespread human rights abuses, suppression of the political opposition and muzzling the media.     ",1
20825,Angola's ruling MPLA wins election with 61 percent of vote: electoral commission,"LUANDA (Reuters) - Angola s ruling MPLA party has won a general election by taking 61.07 percent of the vote, the electoral commission said on Wednesday, making Jo o Louren o the next president of sub-Saharan Africa s third-largest economy. He will replace Jose Eduardo dos Santos, who steps down after 38 years at the helm but will continue as head of the People s Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA). The main opposition National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) took 26.67 percent, with the smaller opposition party CASA-CE winning 9.44 percent.  Mission accomplished,  Louren o told supporters at his party s headquarters in Luanda.  We ll produce a better future for the country and the people of Angola,  he said in his first comments as president-elect. He is expected to take office on Sept. 21. UNITA, which has repeatedly complained that the electoral process has been non-transparent and illegal, declined to comment after the results on Wednesday. A spokesman told Reuters a statement will be made on Thursday. UNITA has previously said it will appeal the results. Speaking earlier on Wednesday, the spokeswoman for the National Electoral Commission Julia Ferreira rejected the opposition s complaints as having a  lack of clarity and objectivity , adding sufficient proof had not been presented. Electoral observers have said the vote on Aug 23 was reasonably free and fair. The head of the African Union s observation mission, Jose Maria Neves, congratulated Angola on a poll he said served as a  reference for the continent . Speaking before announcing definitive election results, President of the National Electoral Commission Andr  da Silva Neto asked the parties to accept the election results. On the streets of Luanda, cheering and the honking of horns was heard as residents celebrated another electoral win for the MPLA, which has maintained an unbroken hold on power since Africa s second-largest crude producer gained independence from Portugal in 1975. Louren o will be only the country s third president in that time. A quiet 63-year-old more used to army barracks and the closed doors of party politics than the public spotlight, he has denied he will remain in the shadow of his predecessor dos Santos. Louren o has promised to kick-start the economy and has not ruled out deals with the World Bank and International Monetary Fund to help restructure it. Angola imports everything from washing powder to long-life milk at huge cost. MPLA will have 150 lawmakers, giving them the two-thirds parliamentary majority needed to pass any form of legislation. ",1
20826,France overseas minister says two killed in French Caribbean islands after Irma,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s overseas territories minister said on Wednesday that at least two people were killed on two of its Caribbean territories, St. Martin and St. Barthelemy, as Hurricane Irma hammered the islands.  We re talking about two dead and two seriously injured for now. Obviously the situation can change very quickly,  Annick Girardin told reporters before boarding a plane for the region. She said the government was launching an emergency plan but it was vital to assess the damage because at this stage authorities could not get access to the worst-hit areas. ",1
20827,JetBlue offers $99 flights out of Florida ahead of Hurricane Irma,"(Reuters) - JetBlue Airways Corp is offering $99 direct flights from every Florida city where it operates, the airline said on Wednesday, as people hurry to leave before powerful Hurricane Irma hits the state. A price cap through Sept. 10 is also in place for all of JetBlue s Florida connecting flights, a maximum fare of $159 up to the last available seat, the company said.  We want those trying to leave ahead of the hurricane to focus on their safe evacuation rather than worry about the cost of flights,  JetBlue spokesman Doug McGraw said. Flights in the eastern Caribbean through Sept. 7 and in the western Caribbean through Sept. 8 are also under a fare ceiling. Florida remained under a state of emergency as Irma, packing winds of up to 185 miles per hour (295 km per hour), tracked across the northern Caribbean on a path expected to hit  landfall in the United States over the weekend. Airlines have been criticized for raising prices in the wake of deadly episodes such as a 2015 Amtrak derailment, but U.S. officials said last year they found no evidence of wrongdoing in that instance.  Irma s arrival marks the second time in as many weeks U.S. airline operations will be disrupted by a powerful storm.  Last week, Category 4 Hurricane Harvey landed in Texas and swallowed up much of Houston with powerful winds and deadly flooding. Airline operations were crippled for several days as airports closed, forcing thousands of flight cancellations. ",1
20828,Syrian army fights to secure corridor into Deir al-Zor,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies are fighting to secure a corridor to troops in Deir al-Zor, a day after they smashed through Islamic State lines to break the jihadist siege.  The army reached Deir al-Zor city on Tuesday in a days-long thrust that followed months of steady advances east across the desert, breaking a siege that had lasted three years.  Islamic State counter-attacks lasted through the day, trying to repel the army, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. Fierce battles raged around the city, as troops sought to expand the route and allow aid in, the British-based war monitor added.   Work is progressing to secure the route and widen the flanks so as not to be cut or targeted by (Islamic State),  said a commander in the military alliance backing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.   The next step is to liberate the city,  the non-Syrian commander said.     It points to a tough battle ahead as the army aims to move from breaching the siege to driving Islamic State militants from their half of the city, the sort of street-by-street warfare in which they excel.         Syrian state news agency SANA said the army had made gains expanding its control near the corridor after heavy artillery and air strikes.  Assad and his allies - Russia, Iran and Shi ite militias including Hezbollah - will follow the relief of Deir al-Zor with an offensive along the Euphrates valley, the commander said.  The Euphrates valley cuts a lush, populous swathe of green about 260 km (160 miles) long and 10 km (6 miles) wide through the Syrian desert from Raqqa to the Iraqi border at al-Bukamal.   The area has been an Islamic State stronghold in Syria but came under attack this year when a U.S.-backed alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias besieged and assaulted Raqqa.  Rapidly losing territory in Syria and Iraq, Islamic State is falling back on the Euphrates towns downstream of Deir al-Zor, including al-Mayadin and al-Bukamal, where many expect it to make a last stand.  Still, the jihadist group specializes in urban combat, using car bombs, mines, tunnels and drones, and has held out against full-scale attack for months in some towns and cities.  Islamic State has 6,000-8,000 fighters left in Syria, despite losing most of its territory across both Iraq and Syria since September 2014, the United States-led coalition said.  Parallel with their thrust toward Deir al-Zor, the Syrian military and its allies have been fighting Islamic State in its last pocket of ground in central Syria, near the town of al-Salamiya on the Homs-Aleppo highway.  On Wednesday, army advances gained control of four villages there, further tightening the pocket, a military media unit run by Lebanon s Hezbollah said.  In Raqqa, the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces alliance says it has taken about 65 percent of Islamic State s former self-declared Syrian capital.  Deir al-Zor lies along the southwest bank of the Euphrates. The government enclave includes the northern half of the city and the Brigade 137 military base to the west.  The army also holds an air base and nearby streets, separated from the rest of the enclave by hundreds of meters of IS-held ground and still cut off from the advancing army.         Government forces will push toward the besieged airbase, the pro-Assad commander said.   Instead of breaking the siege along the main road from Palmyra, stretches of which remain in Islamic State hands, the army reached the Brigade 137 along a narrow salient from the northwest.  The corridor from the west into Brigade 137 was only about 500 meters (yards) wide, the commander said.         The United Nations has estimated that 93,000 civilians were living under IS siege in Deir al-Zor in  extremely difficult  conditions, with some high-altitude air drops supplying them.  Deir al-Zor s provincial governor told state-run television that convoys loaded with food and medicine were on the way, along with ambulances and a mobile clinic. Residents in the enclave had gone years without vegetables, fuel, and other necessities, Mohammed Ibrahim Samra said.   Despite all this, the schools kept running,  he said.  Our people in Deir al-Zor have suffered a lot ... and they still held on to their land.       ",1
20829,Syrian opposition must accept it has not won the war: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Syria s opposition must accept that they have not won the six-and-a-half year war against President Bashar al-Assad, U.N. peace talks mediator Staffan de Mistura said on Wednesday. De Mistura suggested the war was almost over because many countries had got involved principally to defeat Islamic State in Syria, and a national ceasefire should follow soon after. The main rebel-held area, the city of Idlib would be  frozen .   For the opposition, the message is very clear: if they were planning to win the war, facts are proving that is not the case. So now it s time to win the peace,  he told reporters. Asked if he was implying that Assad had won, he said pro-government forces had advanced militarily, but nobody could actually claim to have won the war.   Victory can only be if there is a sustainable political long-term solution. Otherwise instead of war, God forbid, we may see plenty of low intensity guerrilla (conflicts) going on for the next 10 years, and you will see no reconstruction, which is a very sad outcome of winning a war.  De Mistura plans to join ceasefire talks in the Kazakh capital Astana next week, which he said should help resolve the fate of Idlib, a city of 2 million where rebels designated as terrorists by the United Nations are gaining influence.  I am confident...there will be a non-conflictual solution - let s say not a new Aleppo, that s what we want to avoid at any cost, if we have learned from the past,  he said, referring to the greatest battle and humanitarian crisis of the war.  If that takes place Idlib may become frozen in a way in order to avoid becoming a major tragic end to the conflict.  Meanwhile Islamic State was facing imminent defeat in its two main zones of influence - in the city of Raqqa and around the city of Deir al-Zor.  The fact is that Deir al-Zor is almost liberated, in fact it is as far as we are concerned liberated, it s a matter now of a few hours.   Raqqa s fall would follow within days or weeks, leading to the  moment of truth  for a round of negotiations in October. Since early 2016, de Mistura has overseen a tortuous series of peace talks in Geneva that has made almost no visible progress. He said the next round could see an accelerated and more pragmatic approach.  The issue is: is the government, after the liberation of Deir al-Zor and Raqqa, ready and prepared to genuinely negotiate and not simply announce victory, which we all know, and they know too, cannot be announced because it won t be sustainable without a political process?   Will the opposition be able to be unified and realistic enough to realize they did not win the war?  ",1
20830,French union says will not join far-left protest against Macron reforms,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s hardline CGT union on Wednesday said it would not join the far-left party of Jean-Luc Melenchon in Sept. 23 protests against labor reform in a sign that opposition to President Emmanuel Macron s plan is divided. The union will instead march next week, its leader Philippe Martinez told Paris Match magazine. France s second-largest union the CGT and Melenchon s France Unbowed party are the main opponents of the plan, which includes a cap on payouts for dismissals adjudged unfair and greater freedom for employers to hire and fire.  The largest and third-largest union, the CFDT and FO, have said they would not take to the streets.  The CGT is independent from political parties,  Martinez said. He held a rare meeting with Melenchon on Wednesday. Opinion polls show voters do not like the reforms overall but back most of its individual measures, including direct negotiations between bosses and their staff in small firms. Many in the conservative Republicans party, the biggest opposition bloc in parliament, back the reform.  The CGT can mobilize tens of thousands of activists and its absence could impact turnout for Melenchon s rally. The union lost its position in March as France s biggest. France Unbowed has 17 lawmakers and so can do little to block reforms in the 577-strong parliament but Melenchon is popular and attracted 19.6 percent of the votes in the first round of the presidential election in April. The rally is a key test of the party s capacity to mobilize voters against Macron. Forty-five percent of voters say Melenchon s party is Macron s strongest opponent, more than twice the figure for the Republicans or the far-right National Front, an Ifop-Fiducial poll showed on Tuesday. ",1
20831,"Macron expects casualties, after Hurricane Irma hits French territories","PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday that there would be casualties in two of its Caribbean territories, St. Martin and St. Barthelemy, after Hurricane Irma hammered the islands.  At this moment, it is too early to have a total figure, but I can already say that the impact will be hard and cruel,  Macron said after a crisis meeting to assess the situation.  There will be casualties and the material damage on both islands will be considerable.   He gave no further details.  ",1
20832,German anti-immigrant candidate walks out of TV debate,"BERLIN (Reuters) - One of the top candidates for the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party in this month s election walked out of a live television debate on Tuesday night after being accused of failing to distance herself from right-wingers. The right-wing AfD has gained support by slamming Chancellor Angela Merkel s 2015 decision to open the borders to refugees and is set to enter the national parliament for the first time after the Sept. 24 election. Polls put it on 7-11 percent. Alice Weidel, 38, collected her papers and rushed out of public broadcaster ZDF s studio during a debate with Germany s six other major parties after Andreas Scheuer, a member of  Merkel s conservative bloc, said she should distance herself from far-right figures in the AfD. Scheuer said Alexander Gauland, the AfD s other top candidate, was a  radical right-winger . Gauland has described Bjoern Hoecke, who in January called for a  180 degree turnaround  in the way Germany seeks to atone for Nazi crimes, as part of  the soul of the AfD . Weidel, who styles herself as an economic expert and critic of the euro, has gradually shifted to the right since being chosen as one of the party s chancellor candidates in April. She has called for Hoecke to be expelled from the party. In a statement published shortly after her exit, Weidel accused ZDF moderator Marietta Slomka of being biased and unprofessional:  Ms Slomka shouldn t act out her personal animosities in the television show,  she wrote. The AfD wants to abolish the license fees that finance Germany s public broadcasters. Weidel s statement ended with the comment that Slomka s behavior was  another reason to refuse to pay the license fee . It did not mention the dispute with Scheuer or a preceding fiery discussion on immigration. Some media speculated that Weidel s exit was set up, with Stern magazine s editor in chief Andreas Petzold writing on Twitter:  Alice Weidel s dramatically staged exit was certainly not spontaneous. This is how the AfD cultivates its role as a victim.  ",1
20833,Trump says military action against North Korea is not first choice,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that military action against North Korea was not a first choice and said he had a strong and frank discussion with China s President Xi Jinping about the issue.  President Xi would like to do something. We ll see whether or not he can do it. But we will not be putting up with what s happening in North Korea,  Trump told reporters at the White House.  I believe that President Xi agrees with me 100 percent... We had a very, very frank and very strong phone call.  ",1
20834,France's foreign minister worried by Trump's stance on Iran nuclear deal,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign minister said on Wednesday he was worried that U.S. President Donald Trump could put into doubt a nuclear deal between Iran and a group of major world powers.   The agreement which was passed two years ago enables Iran to give up on a nuclear weapon and so avoid proliferation. We have to guarantee this stance,  Jean-Yves Le Drian said during a visit to Science-Po university in Paris.  I am worried at this moment in time by the position of President Trump, who could put into question this accord. And if this accord is put into question then voices in Iran will speak up to say:  Let s also have a nuclear weapon.  We are in an extremely dangerous spiral for the world.  ",1
20835,"U.S. to send 3,500 additional troops to Afghanistan","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States will send about 3,500 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan, U.S. officials said on Wednesday, a figure broadly in line with expectations as the United States boosts support for the Afghan military. The disclosure by the officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, comes as Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Marine General Joseph Dunford hold closed door briefings with members of Congress about President Donald Trump s regional strategy. The Pentagon said it would not comment on additional troop numbers until Mattis makes an announcement. If confirmed, it would bring the total number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan to about 14,500. After a months-long review of his Afghanistan policy, Trump committed the United States last week to an open-ended conflict in the country and promised a stepped-up campaign against Taliban insurgents. Last week Mattis said he had signed orders to send additional troops to Afghanistan but did not specify the size of the force, saying he first needed to brief Congress. U.S. officials have for months told Reuters that Trump had given Mattis the authority to send about 4,000 additional troops to Afghanistan. The U.S. presence in Afghanistan peaked at more than 100,000 troops in 2011, when Washington was under domestic political pressure to draw down the costly operation. Some U.S. officials have told Reuters they questioned the benefit of sending more troops to Afghanistan because any politically palatable number would not be enough to turn the tide, much less create stability and security. To date, more than 2,300 Americans have been killed and over 17,000 wounded in Afghanistan. ",1
20836,Airbus issues safety advice on Tiger helicopters flying in turbulence,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Airbus Helicopters has warned pilots of its Tiger military helicopters to be careful of rapid switches from auto pilot to manual mode during turbulence, after initial indications that such a switch may have played a role in a fatal crash in Mali.  The unit of European aerospace giant Airbus said in a statement that the warning was aimed at increasing operators  safety and should not be seen as an indication of the possible root cause of the crash during a U.N. mission in July, which killed both crew members. According to a source who has seen the Airbus Helicopters  bulletin that carried the warning, the bulletin said an unexpected switch from automatic to manual flight mode  may have played a role in the accident, according to information currently available . The bulletin did not say whether the unexpected switch had happened automatically or been done manually. German officials last week met to discuss the accident in the Mali desert, but decided to maintain existing flight restrictions on the aircraft after failing to reach a definite conclusion about the cause of the crash. Airbus said its safety guidance - sent to operators in Germany, Australia, France and Spain - was meant to  standardise all flight manuals and remind operators that crews must adjust their attention to environmental conditions while using the auto pilot during turbulence.  The guidance reiterated passages already in the flight manuals which instruct pilots not to intentionally enter areas with more than moderate turbulence, and to avoid flying through  areas of severe turbulence.  A German defence ministry report last month said the Tiger that crashed in Mali had been flying at 250 kilometres (155 miles) per hour at a height of 550 metres (1,800 feet) when it  suddenly sank its nose and entered a sharp dive.  The helicopter crashed 10 seconds later and burst into flames. The report, however, said it was too early to speculate about the causes of the crash. German officials continue to investigate the cause of the crash.  Officials say it could take months to complete the probe. At the time of the crash, they said there were no signs the helicopter was downed by an attack. Germany s deployment of four Tiger helicopters to Mali earlier this year was controversial since the aircraft required extra maintenance given the strong heat and other environmental conditions in the African country, although officials say the aircraft had been performing normally. Germany agreed to deploy the Tiger helicopters and four NH-90 transport helicopters after the Dutch military said it could not continue the work in Mali.  But Germany s increased support was heavily debated in parliament, and required a waiver from the German military allowing the helicopters to operate in higher temperatures. Germany currently has 26 Tiger helicopters. ",1
20837,Lesotho detains army major over killing of military leader,"MASERU (Reuters) - Lesotho has detained a senior army officer in connection with the killing of the country s military leader and two other soldiers, a Defence Ministry official said Wednesday. The shooting took place at an army barracks on Tuesday, but it was not clear what the motivation was.  An army major, whose name was not disclosed, was taken into custody to help police with the investigation, Defence Ministry Principal Secretary Colonel Tanki Mothae said. The kingdom has been subject to several coups and periodic political violence since gaining independence from Britain in 1966, and South Africa called for calm after the shooting. ",1
20838,Nigeria's Buhari said he would not seek re-election in 2019: minister,"LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigeria s President Muhammadu Buhari told members of his party before he was first elected that he would only seek one term, implying he did not intend at that time to run in 2019, the minister of women s affairs told Reuters on Wednesday. The comments by Aisha Alhassan could heighten uncertainty over whether Buhari plans to contest the next election. Buhari took power in 2015 but has been absent for much of this year due to illness. He is yet to say if he will seek a second term.  In 2014/2015 he said he was going to run for only one time to clean up the mess that the (previous) PDP government did in Nigeria. And I took him for his word that he is not contesting in 2019,  Minister of Women Affairs Alhassan said. Alhassan said in the interview she would resign if Buhari seeks re-election and would support former vice president Atiku Abubakar if he decides to run. Alhassan s portfolio ranks relatively low down in Nigeria s cabinet. Abubakar was vice president from 1999 to 2007 as part of the People s Democratic Party (PDP). He joined the All Progressives Congress (APC), Buhari s party, in 2014. She said Buhari made the comments in 2015 to APC members but gave no further details. The president s two spokesmen declined to comment on the minister s remarks.  Buhari, 74, returned on Aug. 19 from three months of medical leave in Britain for an unspecified ailment. It was his second stint of sick leave this year following a break between January and March.  Many people say they doubt whether Buhari is well enough to serve another term in Nigeria, which is Africa s most populous country and has the continent s biggest economy.  If today Mr. President says he is running in 2019 I will go to him respectfully and thank him for giving me an opportunity to serve and then tell him that I have to resign because my political father may be running,  said Alhassan. ",1
20839,Czech PM candidate Babis to face fraud charges after vote,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech lawmakers voted on Wednesday to let police bring fraud charges against Andrej Babis, the leading candidate to become prime minister in next month s elections. Babis, a billionaire businessman and founder of the poll-leading ANO party, denies allegations that he hid ownership of one of his firms to receive a 50-million Czech crown ($2.29-million) EU subsidy meant for small business in 2008. The 63-year-old former finance minister has dismissed a police investigation into the case as a ploy by political and business adversaries to chase him out of politics.  You will not silence me, intimidate me, stop me. And you will not get rid of me,  Babis told parliament before MPs overwhelmingly voted to lift the immunity from prosecution granted to lawmakers. He ended up backing the motion himself, saying he wanted to clear his name, though other ANO party deputies boycotted the vote.  So, give me up. I ask you to lift my immunity so that the truth can be revealed,  he told the lower house.  Wednesday s decision, backed by 123 to four, does not stop Babis from standing in the Oct. 20-21 election. But it could dent his support. Several potential coalition partners have said they could not work with a prime minister charged with a crime. Babis s ANO party, a junior member in a Social Democrat-led government, leads opinion polls by a double-digit margin - though there have been no major surveys taken since the police requested his immunity be lifted on Aug. 10. The party has promised to revamp politics and root out what Babis calls mafia-like networks of business and political interests. Governments led by the traditional parties - the center-right Civic Democrats and the center-left Social Democrats - brought the country into NATO and the European Union but lost many voters in recent years amid a series of corruption scandals. Babis s adversaries argue he got rich in the environment that he now criticizes, often doing business with the state. His Agrofert group is the biggest Czech private employer with more than 30,000 staff. The subsidy under investigation, was paid for building a conference center near Prague called Stork Nest, before Babis entered politics. The police investigation is expected to last well beyond the October vote and Babis will win immunity again if reelected to parliament, as expected, which would force the police to ask again for permission to charge him. ",1
20840,Czech lawmakers vote to force PM candidate Babis to face fraud charges,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The Czech parliament s lower house voted on Wednesday to allow police to bring charges against Andrej Babis, the leading candidate to become prime minister after an election next month, in a case involving suspected abuse of European Union subsidies. Babis, a billionaire businessman and founder of the ANO movement, denies any wrongdoing. He has repeatedly called the police actions against him a political ploy meant to hurt him in the Oct. 20-21 election. ",1
20841,DNA tests on Dali's body refute woman's paternity claim,"MADRID (Reuters) - DNA tests on the exhumed body of Salvador Dali showed that a Spanish woman who brought a paternity suit against him was not his daughter, the surrealist painter s foundation said on Wednesday. The court supervising the tests had informed its lawyers that Maria Pilar Abel was not Dali s biological daughter after comparing her DNA with samples taken from his remains, the foundation said in a statement. A spokesman for the court declined to confirm the results of the tests. Contacted by phone, Abel said she had not yet received the results from the court. The Madrid court in June ordered forensic scientists to exhume Dali s body after Abel, who was born in Dali s home town of Figueres, filed a paternity claim that alleged her mother had an affair with him.  This conclusion is not a surprise for the Foundation, since at no point has there been any evidence that she was a relative,  said the foundation, which manages Dali s estate.  The Foundation is happy that this puts an end to an absurd and artificial controversy.  Dali, who died in 1989 aged 84, was one of the 20th century s most famous and easily recognized artists. His paintings include  The Persistence of Memory , with its iconic images of melting clocks, and he also turned his hand to movies, sculpture and advertising. ",1
20842,Danish Queen's husband Prince Henrik diagnosed with dementia,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark s Prince Henrik, the husband of Queen Margrethe, has been diagnosed with dementia, a condition that has affected his behavior and judgment, the palace said on Wednesday. The announcement came weeks after the 83-year-old announced he did not want to be buried next to his wife, saying he was unhappy he had never been acknowledged as her equal.  Following a longer diagnostic process and lately a series of examinations during late summer, a specialist team ... has now concluded that his Royal Highness Prince Henrik suffers from dementia,  the Royal House said in a statement.   The extent of the cognitive failure is ... greater than expected considering the age of The Prince,  it added. Henrik, who married Margrethe in 1967, retired last year and renounced his title of Prince Consort, saying he was disappointed not to be named King Consort. Since then he has participated in very few official duties and spent much of his time at his private vineyard in France.  In Denmark, a princess traditionally becomes queen when her husband takes the throne, but a man does not become king when the roles are reversed. Born Henri Marie Jean Andr  de Laborde de Monpezat in France in 1934, Henrik has two sons with the queen, Crown Prince Frederik and Prince Joachim. ",1
20843,Two arrested after French counter-terrorism raid near Paris,"VILLEJUIF, France (Reuters) - Two people were arrested after police found products that can be used to make explosives in a flat south of Paris on Wednesday, French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said. Some of the products found in the flat in Villejuif could  be used to make the unstable explosive TATP, one source close to the investigation said.  TATP has been used by militants in several attacks in western Europe in recent years, including Manchester in May, Brussels in 2016 and Paris in 2015. Gas bottles were also found in the flat, other sources said.  The police raid followed a tip from a craftsman, Collomb said in a statement. One source said it was a locksmith who saw chemical products and tools when looking into the flat. The two people arrested were driving a small van that belongs to the flat s tenant, a police source said. France s counter-terrorism prosecutor is in charge of the investigation, a judicial source said. (This story has been refiled to correct typo in paragraph 2) ",1
20844,Casualties in explosion at airfield near Kabul: U.S. military,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An explosion at an entry control point at Bagram airfield near the Afghan capital Kabul caused a small number of casualties, the U.S. military said on Wednesday.  An explosion occurred outside an entry control point at Bagram Airfield at 5:38 p.m. local time today,  a statement said.   The explosion resulted in a small number of casualties,  it said, adding that the airfield was secure and the incident was being investigated. ",1
20845,NATO urges trading partners to step up pressure on North Korea,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO urged all countries to step up efforts to enforce sanctions on North Korea and stop its weapons tests - an appeal that diplomats said was aimed at the reclusive state s trading partners, suspected of holding back on penalties. All 29 ambassadors of the U.S.-led military alliance issued the statement as world powers sought a common response to North Korea s sixth and largest nuclear bomb test, amid fears that more were on their way.  It is now imperative that all nations implement more thoroughly and transparently existing UN sanctions and make further efforts to apply decisive pressure to convince the DPRK regime to abandon its current threatening and destabilizing path,  the statement read, referring to North Korea s official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea.  Diplomats, speaking on condition of anonymity, said there were concerns that existing sanctions on North Korea have not been fully enforced by Pyongyang s few remaining trading partners, namely China and several African nations.  China, African, other Asian countries continue to trade with North Korea. Our governments are saying to Guinea-Bissau, to Malaysia, to China that they need to tighten their sanctions enforcement,  said a NATO diplomat involved in discussions about how to resolve the North Korea crisis.  Efforts to impose fresh sanctions on Pyongyang at the United Nations have run into opposition.  President Vladimir Putin has resisted restrictions on oil exports to the country, saying the crisis will not be resolved by sanctions. NATO is not directly involved in the nuclear crisis, but it has repeatedly called on North Korea to abandon its nuclear and ballistic missile programs. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said separately he planned to travel to South Korea and Japan in October ",1
20846,Gupta emails still under investigation: top South Africa prosecutor,"CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - South Africa s top prosecutor said police were still examining a trove of leaked documents detailing relations between the wealthy Gupta family and President Jacob Zuma, but it was too early to say if a prosecution should be launched. Wednesday s comments to lawmakers by Shaun Abrahams were the first time the head of the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) has spoken publicly about the Gupta case.  The leaked emails need to be investigated,  Abrahams told a parliamentary committee in response to a question on whether his department had taken a position on the matter.  How can you make a determination on its admissibility if that (police) investigation is still ongoing? , he said. The elite  Hawks  police unit, which probes organized and commercial crime and major corruption, is investigating the Gupta allegations, NPA officials told a parliamentary briefing. Under the South African system, police investigate a case and then send a report to the NPA, which decides whether to take the case further. Senior ANC members and the opposition accuse the brothers of using their relationship with Zuma to wield influence and win government contracts, allegations that in part stem from a trove of 100,000 documents and emails leaked to reporters. The Gupta family of Indian-born businessmen were not immediately available for comment on Abraham s remarks. The brothers, who own a computer business and uranium mine, have previously denied any wrongdoing. Atul Gupta, one of three Gupta brothers, said last month that the emails were fake. Zuma has also denied any wrongdoing but his relationship with the Guptas has deepened a divide within his ruling African National Congress ahead of a conference in December where Zuma s successor as party leader - and therefore president - will be chosen. Zuma survived a no-confidence motion in August. He can remain president until a 2019 election but some opposition politicians have demanded he resign over material in the leaked emails. ",1
20847,EU agrees to extend blacklist on Russians over Ukraine turmoil,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union agreed on Wednesday to extend for another six months its blacklist of 149 Russian nationals and Ukrainian separatists, as well as 38 entities, for their role in the turmoil in Ukraine, sources in Brussels said.  During a weekly meeting in Brussels, representatives of the 28 EU states agreed on the roll over, which will formally be adopted on Sept. 14, and prolong the visa ban and asset freeze list until mid-March. The bloc first imposed sanctions on Russia after it annexed the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea from Kiev in March 2014, and ratcheted them up as Moscow went on to back a separatist revolt in the east of the former Soviet republic.  Russia vows to never return Crimea though the annexation has not been internationally recognized and is denounced as illegal. The conflict in east Ukraine has killed more than 10,000 people and is still simmering, a key factor souring Russia s relations with the West, including the EU. The bloc s separate main economic sanctions against Russia, which curb EU cooperation in the energy, defense and financial fields, are in place until the end of January 2018.  Apart from separatist leaders in Crimea and east Ukraine, the EU s blacklist, which prevents people getting visas or freezes their assets, includes senior Russian officials and companies that have supported or benefited from the crisis.  ",1
20848,EU refugee court ruling triggers new east-west feuding,"LUXEMBOURG/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU s highest court ruled on Wednesday that member states must take in a share of refugees who reach Europe, dismissing complaints by Slovakia and Hungary and reigniting an east-west row that has shaken the Union s cohesion. The Mediterranean migrant crisis which prompted mandatory quotas in 2015 for relocating asylum seekers from Greece and Italy has receded, easing immediate pressure to force compliance on nationalist leaders who are making electoral capital from lambasting the EU while benefiting from Brussels  subsidies. But defiant rejection from some ex-communist states that the EU accuses of slipping on democratic standards - Hungary called the judgment a political  rape  of EU law - indicated no let-up in tensions that are testing the Union s internal cooperation. In Germany, where Chancellor Angela Merkel is fighting for re-election against opponents who criticize her for taking in over a million migrants at the height of the drama, the interior minister threatened legal action against countries which fail to take in their allotted share of Syrian and other refugees. But Hungary, where outspoken Prime Minister Viktor Orban has built border fences and made keeping out migrants a key plank of his re-election campaign for next year, branded the European Court of Justice ruling  appalling and irresponsible .  This decision jeopardizes the security and future of all of Europe,  Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said.   Politics has raped European law and values.  Italy, now the main destination for migrants taking to the sea following measures to block the route from Turkey to Greece and from Greece northward, has been prominent in calling for the wealthier Western states to cut EU subsidies to poor neighbors which do not show  solidarity  in taking in migrants. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has echoed that threat, warning Orban  solidarity is not a one-way street . But the EU executive is also anxious to calm tensions ahead of negotiations on a new seven-year EU budget that will be all the harder because of a hole left by Britain s imminent departure. The Commission said on Wednesday it may seek fines at the ECJ within weeks for Hungary, Poland and the Czech Republic if they do not start or resume taking people from the south. Poland and Hungary, which argue Muslim immigration is a threat to their national security and stability, have in two years taken in none of their respective quotas of about 6,200 and 1,300 people. However, the executive, which is separately considering trying to suspend eastern heavyweight Poland for undermining the independence of its judiciary, stressed it wanted solutions that would unite the 28-nation bloc. Slovakia s prime minister said he still rejected quotas but was willing to help in other ways. And as the Union digests a Brexit vote last year that was partly driven by concern over migration, many states that backed the quota system in 2015 and are increasingly exasperated by Polish and Hungarian hostility to Brussels are also reluctant to force through new policies that may bolster eurosceptics across Europe who say the EU is trampling on national sovereignty.  If we push it through above their heads, they will use it in their anti-EU propaganda at home,  one EU diplomat said, while noting that, with the migration crisis dropping out of the headlines, all sides might find a way to resolve the issue. The Commission is working on reforms to the so-called Dublin rules under which people arriving in the EU must stay to claim asylum in the first country they reach. A mechanism to help the likes of Greece and Italy in emergencies has proved elusive. However, governments may find it easier to negotiate now that the migration is not quite so prominent in local politics. The Luxembourg-based ECJ dismissed  in their entirety  the arguments advanced by Hungary and Slovakia with backing from Poland and endorsed the Commission s solution which eventually ordered states to take in nearly 100,000 Syrians and others.  The mechanism actually contributes to enabling Greece and Italy to deal with the impact of the 2015 migration crisis and is proportionate,  the court said in statement. Difficulties in identifying candidates for relocation - and a reluctance of refugees to settle other than in the wealthier west of Europe - saw fewer than 30,000 people relocated in two years, but the Commission noted an acceleration in the program this year and said it would continue to move people northward. Among the gravest problems the migration crisis caused was member states reimposing controls on internal EU frontiers. That had jeopardized one of the Union s most cherished achievements and for a time appeared to threaten to disrupt internal traffic. EU Migration Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos said special exemptions that have allowed the likes of Germany, Austria, Denmark and Sweden to control their borders with EU neighbors should now end when they expire in two months  time. ",1
20849,YRC shutters terminal in Puerto Rico as hurricane Irma approaches,"(Reuters) - YRC Worldwide Inc said on Wednesday it closed a terminal in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico as Hurricane Irma closes in on Puerto Rico. Hurricane Irma was about 140 miles (225 km) east of San Juan Puerto Rico, with maximum sustained winds of 185 mph (295 km/h), the U.S. National Hurricane Center said. ",1
20850,"Indian journalists, activists protest murder of newspaper publisher","BENGALURU, India (Reuters) - Indian journalists and rights activists protested on Wednesday against the murder of an outspoken publisher of a weekly tabloid amid growing concerns about freedom of the press at a time of rising nationalism and intolerance of dissent. Gauri Lankesh, 55, the editor and publisher of the Kannada-language  Gauri Lankesh Patrike  newspaper, was shot dead on Tuesday by unidentified assailants near her home in the southern city of Bengaluru.  She had parked her car outside her gate and was walking to the main entrance of her home when the attackers fired at least seven rounds, killing her, police said. The motive was not known. Lankesh was a fierce advocate of secularism and opposed hardline Hindu groups associated with Prime Narendra Modi s right-wing, nationalist ruling party. Her weekly, with a circulation of more than 5,000, is regarded as influential in the state, read by policy makers and politicians.  Lankesh spent decades with various media outlets before taking over the newspaper started by her father. Several journalist groups, including the Editors  Guild, Press Club of India and Press Association, held protests in cities across India, calling her murder a  brutal assault on the freedom of the press .  They said she was a critical, secular voice at a time when the country was being swept by a wave of right-wing, Hindu nationalism.   She was an idealist and would take on the right-wing forces on several controversial issues,  said Y.P. Rajesh, an executive editor at the news website The Print and a long-time friend of Lankesh. The U.S. embassy in New Delhi also condemned the killing. The murder is a new low in India s recent record of protecting journalists.  The Committee to Protect Journalists has said that there have been no convictions in any of the 27 cases of journalists murdered in India because of their work since 1992. This year, the country of 1.3 billion people slipped three places to 136th in the World Press Freedom Index, compiled by Reporters Without Borders. The group said Hindu nationalists, on the rise since the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) swept to power in 2014, were  trying to purge all manifestations of anti-national thought . Journalists seen to be critical of Hindu nationalists are often insulted on social media, and some women reporters have been threatened with assault.  People, including BJP members, have also openly insulted journalists, using terms like  presstitute  - a combination press and prostitute - to berate them. In recent weeks, Lankesh had posted videos on her Facebook page that were critical of Modi s economic policies and the rise of hardline Hindu groups since he came to power. Last year, she was sentenced to six months in jail after a defamation case was filed by a BJP member. She was released on bail. Ananth Kumar, a federal minister in the Modi government, said the state government must arrest those behind the killing. The state government in Karnataka, run by the Congress party, said it had set up a special investigations team to investigate  and police were examining CCTV footage. M.N. Anucheth, a senior police official investigating the case, said Lankesh was shot in the head, neck and chest.  This is an attempt to silence all of us   all of those who believe in democracy and decency,  Ramchandra Guha, a historian told the Indian Express newspaper.   (This story has been refiled to fix spellng in paragraph 22) ",1
20851,France's Macron plans end to retire-young rail pensions,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron wants to scrap rules allowing some state rail workers to retire on a full pension up to 10 years before most other French workers. The reform plan risks inflaming tensions with labor unions who led the biggest strikes of recent decades in 1995 against a similar proposal that the government of the time floated before abandoning it and losing power. Macron has said his government will embark on overhauling France s myriad pension schemes in early 2018, creating a single system for all.  The shake-up of the pension scheme tailored for the SNCF state rail group would affect nearly 200,000 employees, in particular train drivers who can retire as early as age 52, a decade before the pension age of 62. Macron first outlined the idea in an internal SNCF publication in July. He said he wanted a draft legislation presented early in 2018 and a reform that would be effective by mid-2018 or early 2019. Asked about the president s plan for the SNCF s pensions on Wednesday, government spokesman Christophe Castaner said it fell within the wider pension reform package.   That s the track the president wants to take,  Castaner told a weekly news briefing.  Macron, a 39-year-old former investment banker, was elected on a promise to push through far-reaching social and economic reforms, a program that has drawn increasing public opposition since he took office four months ago.  His government last Thursday presented plans to ease labor regulations with only one of the three biggest unions threatening protests. But tougher tests may lie ahead, including overhauling employment insurance this autumn and then pension reforms. In 1995, plans to abolish a pension scheme specific to SNCF workers sparked the biggest wave of street protests and public transport strikes in recent French history. Those protests, including a three-week rail strike, ultimately led to the reform being abandoned, the resignation of then prime minister Alain Juppe and an election where voters replaced the right-wing government with a Socialist one in 1997. Macron said on the campaign trail he wanted to smooth out the big differences between the pensions of state and private sector employees, while keeping the pension age at 62.  Beyond the SNCF, that will mean reforming the generous pensions of big state-owned companies such as utility EDF, whose unions have fiercely defended their privileges. ",1
20852,Kenyan police not cooperating with watchdog over election-related deaths: sources,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police are not cooperating with investigations by a government-funded watchdog into violent deaths that followed last month s election, two sources with direct knowledge of the probes said. The head of the Independent Police Oversight Authority (IPOA) told Reuters in mid-August it was fast-tracking investigations of all deaths and injuries for which the police were alleged by rights groups to be responsible following the Aug. 8 national ballot.  Macharia Njeru had attended autopsies of a young girl and a baby and called the probes into those deaths  priority cases . But the sources told Reuters that police had to date not transferred any documents or evidence to IPOA, which is mandated to investigate cases reported by individuals or police or referred to them by human rights organizations.  The big frustration of IPOA is that the police do not share information  critical to investigations into police misconduct, one of the sources said.  ... (But) officers feel IPOA is there to harass them.  The police are required by law to cooperate with the IPOA, which is civilian-run. A spokesman for the force, Charles Owino, did not respond to phone calls on Wednesday afternoon. Interior Minister Fred Matiang i last month denied accusations of police brutality. He said  criminal elements , not legitimate political protesters, had caused trouble after the election that provoked a police response. Protests broke out after the election board announced that incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta had won by 1.4 million votes. Opposition leader Raila Odinga disputed the result and took his case to the Supreme Court, which on Friday scrapped the result and ordered a new poll within 60 days. [L8N1LI1QY]      The state-funded Kenya National Commission on Human Rights says at least 28 people were killed in shootings in the days after the results were announced. It said it believes the killings were linked to the police. Evidence relevant to the investigations could include documents such as police deployment plans and operational orders as well as internal reports into alleged misconduct by officers or units, one of the sources said. An IPOA spokeswoman said the monitor did not discuss ongoing investigations with the media.  The authority became operational in 2012 and has so far secured the conviction of two police officers in a 2014 murder of a teenage girl in a coastal Kenyan town.  In its annual reports for 2014 to 2016, it listed  suspicion by the police , delays in response to requests for information and lack of cooperation from some officers as factors impeding its operations. ",1
20853,"Britain could still reverse Brexit, former minister Heseltine says","LONDON (Reuters) - Brexit could be reversed if economic pain prompts a change in public opinion that brings a new generation of political leaders to power in Britain, former Conservative minister Michael Heseltine said. Heseltine, who helped topple Margaret Thatcher in 1990 but ultimately failed to win the top job, said that Britain could face another election in just two years and that Prime Minister Theresa May would not lead the party into that election. A supporter of EU membership, Heseltine said he saw a scenario in which Britain would not leave the European Union as scheduled in late March 2019.   There is now a possibility that Brexit will not happen, but it will need a change in public opinion,  Heseltine, 84, told Reuters in an interview.  There may be indications but there is no really substantive evidence of public opinion moving but I think that it will happen. My guess is that public opinion will move,  he said. Heseltine said the shift in Brexit policy by the opposition Labour Party - including staying in the European single market and customs union for a transitional period - indicated Labour had sensed the wind of a change in public opinion. May, who quietly opposed Brexit ahead of the referendum, has formally notified the bloc of Britain s intention to leave and divorce talks are under way. Some European leaders have suggested Britain could change its mind, while former Conservative prime minister John Major has said there is a credible case for giving Britons a second vote on the Brexit deal. His successor, Labour s Tony Blair, has said repeatedly that Brexit can and should be stopped. In the June 2016 referendum voters in the United Kingdom backed leaving the EU by a margin of 51.9 percent to 48.1 percent. The world s fifth-biggest economy initially withstood the shock of the Brexit vote, but growth began to slow sharply this year as inflation rose on the falling value of the pound and hit households. May, who has insisted that Britain will leave the European Union, said last month that she wanted to fight the next parliamentary election, not due until 2022. Heseltine, though, said that seemed unlikely given her botched gamble on a snap election in June which lost her party its majority in the lower house of parliament.  I don t think she will fight the next election, but there is no agreement on her successor. All the people indicated as possibles are singing the same song, and in my view the song is unattractive and will become less attractive,  he said.  Ousted  is a specific word, but there are many ways in which the Tory party operates - what it will quite look like I am not going to say. But I think there will be a change to a new leader before the next election.   They have two years before the next election.  Heseltine said he was waiting for a politician to emerge with the courage to challenge the Brexit consensus of British politics and explain to voters the full import of the divorce.  Within a relatively short period of time, the Brexit negotiations will sour even more than they already have, and the Tories will be left holding the baby. Everybody else will have moved away from Brexit,  Heseltine said. Brexit, he said, was a  monumental mistake  that would make Britain a spectator of 21st century history, bleed its wealth and relegate it from the league of leading global powers.  The idea that we are not European is just to spit in the wind: Anyone who has read Shakespeare knows just how European we are,  said Heseltine, who the Sunday Times says has a fortune of 300 million pounds ($390 million). He said Brexit was far more significant than the 1956 Suez crisis, when British forces were forced by the United States to withdraw troops from Egypt in a blunt illustration of Britain s lost imperial power. Heseltine said the EU was unlikely to give Britain the beneficial divorce deal it wanted because to do so would risk unraveling the EU itself.  It is difficult to see how the Brexit negotiations can be anything other than discordant. The issues are huge and they come down to a very simple question: Can the Europeans agree to someone leaving the club on  the cake and eat it  basis?    I don t think they can. And they have made it clear they don t intend to. If they were to change their mind so that we have our cake and eat it, well of course I will be wrong. But I don t think they are going to do that.   ",1
20854,Hurricane Irma to move over portions of Virgin Islands soon: NHC,"(Reuters) - The eye of potentially catastrophic category 5 Hurricane Irma is closing in on the Virgin Islands, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said in its latest advisory on Wednesday. Hurricane Irma is about 140 miles (225 km) east of San Juan Puerto Rico, with maximum sustained winds of 185 mph (295 km/h), the Miami-based weather forecaster said.  The extremely dangerous core of Irma will move over portions of the Virgin Islands very soon, pass near or just north of Puerto Rico this afternoon or tonight,  the NHC said. Irma will pass near or just north of the coast of the Dominican Republic Thursday, and be near the Turks and Caicos and southeastern Bahamas late Thursday, it added. ",1
20855,Munich memorial marks 1972 Olympic Games attack on Israeli team,"MUNICH, Germany (Reuters) - Victims of the attack on the Israeli team at the 1972 Olympic Games were remembered by Germany and Israel on Wednesday with a memorial, following a long campaign by their relatives. German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and his Israeli counterpart Reuven Rivlin attended the inauguration of the  Munich 1972 massacre memorial  at Munich s Olympic Park, 45 years after the attack by Palestinian gunmen.  Relatives of the victims and the state of Israel waited almost half a century for this moment,  Rivlin said.  45 years have passed for an official Israeli delegation to return to this place. The Munich Olympics became the blood Olympics.  Members of the Israeli Olympic team were taken hostage on Sept. 5, 1972, at the poorly secured athletes village by Palestinians from the Black September group. Eleven Israelis, a German policeman as well as five of the Palestinian gunmen died after a stand-off at the village and then a nearby airfield, as police rescue efforts failed. The memorial offers some comfort for relatives who have also long demanded a minute s silence at the Opening Ceremonies of Olympics Games, only to be consistently turned down by the IOC. Steinmeier said it had taken too long for the memorial to be built.  It is high time and we owe it firstly to you, the relatives,  Steinmeier said.  The Olympic village became a place of Palestinian terrorists, a stage for their boundless hatred for Israel. It should never have happened.  Ankie Spitzer, whose fencing coach husband, Andre, was one of the victims, and Ilana Romano, wife of weightlifter Joseph Romano, have waged a decades-long campaign to get a commemoration at the Games  opening ceremony.  We wanted this memorial. In the years after we heard voices that us Israelis brought war to Germany and the terrorists were hailed as freedom fighters,  Romano said.  That hurt so much but we did not give up. We knew our way was the right one ... for the future of our children and the next generations,  she added. The IOC, whose president Thomas Bach was also present, has said opening ceremonies are not the appropriate platform and has instead made other gestures to remember the victims. At last year s Rio de Janeiro Games the IOC inaugurated  the Place of Mourning , a small park which will be a feature at every Olympics. ",1
20856,Tunisia's Chahed names new cabinet after tensions,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Tunisia s prime minister named a new cabinet on Wednesday, appointing one of his advisors from the Islamist Ennahda party to a new economic reforms ministry in a deal that ends weeks of infighting over posts. The compromise cabinet should give Prime Minister Youssef Chahed the impetus to push ahead with tough reforms of public sector wages the pension system designed to improve Tunisia finances in line with IMF demands. Chahed, in power for just over a year, restored Ridha Chalgoum, a former finance minister close to the ruling Nidaa Tounes party, to that ministry. He also named Lotfi Braham, another Nidaa Tounes ally, as interior minister, according to a statement on the appointments released by Chahed s office. He also appointed Ennahda member Taoufik Rajhi, one of his economic advisors, to the new post of economic reforms minister,  Six years since the 2011 uprising that ousted autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali, Tunisia has been held up as a model by avoiding the violence that affected other nations after their  Arab Spring  revolts. However, successive governments have struggled to enact fiscal reforms that have been delayed by political infighting and government wariness of social tensions over jobs and economic conditions that helped spark the 2011 uprising. Nidaa Tounes allies were appointed to six of the 13 cabinet changes. Ennahda kept three posts and the new economics reforms portfolio. Nidaa Tounes hardliners had been pushing Chahed hard for more representation in the cabinet to better reward their 2014 election victory, while rivals in the power-sharing government pushed back. Ennahda said the party saw no reason for a major overhaul other than filling vacant minister posts. Political squabbling and Tunisia s compromise-style politics to maintain stability have in the past delayed economic reforms as parties jockey for position. This week the powerful UGTT labor union warned it could intervene as mediator, something it has done in past when tensions between secular Nidaa Tounes and Islamist Ennahda threatened to scuttle Tunisia s young democracy.  Chahed s deal with Nidaa Tounes and Ennahda is likely to ease tensions and to boost government stability,  said Riccardo Fabiani at Eurasia Group.   After scheduled local elections in December, this relationship is likely to gradually deteriorate again as tensions rise ahead of the 2019 presidential and legislative ballots,  he said. ",1
20857,Young generation revulsed by Breivik may sway Norway's election,"HAMAR, Norway (Reuters) - Young Norwegians, politicized by the massacre of 77 people by far-right militant Anders Behring Breivik, will play a key role in an election next week that could hinge on issues close to their hearts such as climate change. In 2011 Breivik killed eight people in a bombing in central Oslo and gunned down another 69 at a Labour Party youth camp on Utoeya Island, in the worst attacks in Norway since World War Two.  They motivated a generation of young people, often children or teenagers at the time, to become more involved in mainstream politics - both on the left and the right - in a backlash against his xenophobic and anti-Muslim world view. And data shows young voters are now more likely than in the past to actually cast their ballots. (For a graphic on Norway's parliamentary elections click tmsnrt.rs/2ugJCjo)   I felt so powerless that day. It was a way to fight back,  said Anja Ariel Toernes Brekke, 21, who joined the youth wing of the Labour Party a few weeks after Breivik s attacks. She is now the general secretary of the far-left Red party s youth wing.   I wanted to prove that the left was not weakened, that there would be people with those beliefs to replace those who had died,  she told Reuters. Brekke is touring schools in Norway to get the youth vote out. On a recent morning, she was at the Cathedral School in Hamar, 120 km (75 miles) north of Oslo, to take part in a debate with other young politicians in front of 1,250 high-school students packed in a gym hall.   Our society is more unequal. What we lack is justice. We need a new politics,  she told the crowd, to applause.  Her party, the Reds, could be one of several kingmakers in Monday s parliamentary election, in which the right-wing bloc of Conservative Prime Minister Erna Solberg is neck-and-neck in opinion polls with an opposition grouping led by Jonas Gahr Stoere s Labour. Younger voters tend to care more than the average Norwegian about issues such as schools, climate change and the environment, especially linked to Norway s oil and gas production, researchers say. The trend has been called  Generation Utoeya  by the political scientist who identified it, Johannes Bergh at the Institute of Social Research in Oslo. According to Bergh s research, published in the 2015 book  The Vote and Voters  he co-edited with Bernt Aardal, some 13.8 percent of first-time voters said they belonged to a party in 2013, the last time a parliamentary election took place, up from 6.0 percent in 2009. This more-than-doubling was higher than the increase reported for all voters, to 9.3 percent from 7.2 percent, and it was spread across the political spectrum - not just for Labour, the target of Breivik s attack.  It did come as a surprise. We had sort of expected that young people would (go) for Labour,  Bergh told Reuters.   We saw a spike in the membership of the youth wing of the Labour party immediately after the attacks. But the same thing happened with the Conservatives too. The attacks were an attack on Norwegian democracy, not on a political party.   Young people are also voting more since  July 22  - the common shorthand for the killings by Breivik, who is serving a 21-year jail term that can be extended indefinitely. At the last election in 2013, 66.5 percent of 18- to 21-year-olds cast ballots, up more than 10 percentage points from 2009. Parties are paying more attention to this young constituency.  Politicians have to listen to young people and have to make an effort to appeal to young people,  said Bergh. In the longer term, he believes the Utoeya generation effect will help ensure the renewal of democracy in Norway.  It is going to be positive. Once young people start voting, they tend to continue later in life.  The future of Norway s oil industry has emerged as a key issue for voters this time around. The small but growing Green Party, which pledges to stop oil exploration and phase out production within 15 years, is emerging as a potential key in deciding who will get to govern the Scandinavian country.  It was certainly on the mind of some first-time voters in Hamar.  We need to phase out oil production and respect the Paris climate agreement,  said 17-year-old student Signe Dahl.  We need to turn Norway into an environmental nation from an oil nation,  she told Reuters. Dahl, who can vote as she is turning 18 later this year, said she had whittled down her choice of party to between the Green Party and the Reds. Her friend Silje Fugleberg, 18, agreed:  We must think about other resources to use than oil. We must think about Norway s future and the environment.  Before the debate, she was considering voting either for the Socialist Left Party or the Red Party. After the debate and listening to Brekke,  I think I have decided and will vote for the Reds,  she said. ",1
20858,Syrian government forces used chemical weapons more than two dozen times: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Government forces have used chemical weapons more than two dozen times during Syria s civil war, including in April s deadly attack on Khan Sheikhoun, U.N. war crimes investigators said on Wednesday. A government warplane dropped sarin on the town in Idlib province, killing more than 80 civilians, the U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria said, in the most conclusive findings to date from investigations into that chemical weapon attack. The panel also said U.S. air strikes on a mosque in Al-Jina in rural Aleppo in March that killed 38 people, including children, failed to take precautions in violation of international law, but did not constitute a war crime. The weapons used on Khan Sheikhoun were previously identified as containing sarin, an odorless nerve agent. But that conclusion, reached by a fact-finding mission of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), did not say who was responsible.   Government forces continued the pattern of using chemical weapons against civilians in opposition-held areas. In the gravest incident, the Syrian air force used sarin in Khan Sheikhoun, Idlib, killing dozens, the majority of whom were women and children,  the U.N. report said, declaring the attack a war crime. Commission chairman Paulo Pinheiro told a news conference:   Not having access did not prevent us from establishing facts or reasonable grounds to believe what happened during the attack and establishing who is responsible.  In their 14th report since 2011, U.N. investigators said they had in all documented 33 chemical weapons attacks to date. Twenty-seven were by the government of President Bashar al-Assad, including seven between March 1 to July 7. Perpetrators had not been identified yet in six attacks, they said. The Assad government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons. It said its strikes in Khan Sheikhoun hit a weapons depot belonging to rebel forces, a claim  excluded  by Pinheiro.  That attack led U.S. President Donald Trump to launch the first U.S. air strikes on a Syrian air base. A separate joint inquiry by the United Nations and OPCW aims to report by October on who was to blame for Khan Sheikhoun. The U.N. investigators interviewed 43 witnesses, victims, and first responders linked to the attack. Satellite imagery, photos of bomb remnants and early warning reports were used. The independent investigators said they were gravely concerned about the impact of international coalition strikes on civilians.  We continue to investigate coalition air strikes carried out to expel ISIS from Raqqa resulting in an increasing number of civilian casualties,  Pinheiro said. The report said:  In al-Jina, Aleppo, forces of the United States of America failed to take all feasible precautions to protect civilians and civilian objects when attacking a mosque, in violation of international humanitarian law.  A U.S. military investigator said in June the air strike was a valid and legal attack on a meeting of al Qaeda fighters.  However, the commission however has not found any evidence that such an al Qaeda meeting was taking place,  Pinheiro said. The American F-15s hit the building adjacent to the prayer hall with 10 bombs, followed by a Reaper drone that fired two Hellfire missiles at people fleeing, the U.N. report said.    Most of the residents of al-Jina, relatives of victims and first responders interviewed by the Commission stated on that on the evening in question, a religious gathering was being hosted in the mosque s service building. This was a regular occurrence.  ",1
20859,Factbox: Humanitarian crisis worsens in Bangladesh as many Rohingya flee Myanmar,"(Reuters) - About 146,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to Bangladesh since violence erupted in Myanmar in late August, U.N. workers said on Wednesday. This has brought to 233,000 the number of Rohingya who have sought refuge in Bangladesh since October 2016. The exodus has put pressure on aid agencies and communities already helping hundreds of thousands of refugees from previous violence in Myanmar.  Following are some details on the crisis gathered from U.N. sources working in the Cox s Bazar district of Bangladesh, on the Myanmar border. *Landmine injuries occurred on Sept. 5 with two children brought in for treatment at the Gundum border area.  *The influx of refugees via marine routes has increased, with a sharp increase noted in Shamlapur from 1,090 individuals on Sept. 4 to 12,500 on Sept. 5. *Around 33,000 refugees have gathered at three new spontaneous settlements that have sprung up at Unchiprang, Moinar Ghona and Thangkhali. There are acute humanitarian needs in these rapidly expanding settlements, especially for emergency health, safe water, food and shelter support. *Four mobile medical teams are being deployed to different locations, and two more are planned. *No deliveries were performed by the midwives in the last two days for new arrivals, indicating that many may have delivered outside of available health facilities. *Strengthened family tracing mechanisms are needed for unaccompanied children and other separated families. Most children have arrived with their mothers as their fathers are missing or arrested.  *A total of 177 incidents of gender-based violence have been reported in the refugee camps since Aug. 27. Eighteen survivors of this violence have been referred for life-saving medical care. About 240 women and 60 men, including survivors of gender-based violence, attended stress management sessions.   *The community clinic in Kutupalong is overwhelmed with patients, resulting in long lines for waiting and inefficient service provision for survivors of gender-based violence seeking emergency health services. The cost of transport prohibits beneficiaries from travelling to health facilities where emergency sexual and reproductive health services are available, including clinical management of rape.  ",1
20860,Hashtag politics: Merkel tries to get in with Germany's kids,"BERLIN (Reuters) - After 12 years in power, Chancellor Angela Merkel is presenting  herself as more than just Germany s  Mutti , campaigning in cyberspace to get in with younger voters and win their support for long after elections this month. Merkel, whose nickname means  Mummy , appears to be cruising toward a fourth term with strong backing from older Germans. But the 63-year-old, who unlike some Western leaders has no personal Twitter account, wants to mobilize the almost 3 million first-time voters behind her conservative CDU party on Sept. 24. To this end, Merkel has fielded questions from four YouTube video bloggers, attended Europe s biggest computer games convention and set up a walk-in campaign center in Berlin s hip start-up district. Diana Kinnert, a 26-year-old who helped draft proposals to modernize the CDU, said parties should use new communication tools to make young people put off by  sterile  politics more politically engaged in the long term.  It would be a shame if it turned out to be just election noise,  Kinnert, who wears both tattoos and a baseball cap, told Reuters at the walk-in center. The CDU, which is unlikely to win an overall parliamentary majority, needs the youth vote to strengthen Merkel s hand in coalition negotiations that will follow polling day. To some bemusement, the party has created a Twitter hashtag #fedidwgugl. Rather than the result of a malfunctioning computer keyboard, it is an acronym for the CDU campaign slogan:  Fuer ein Deutschland In Dem Wir Gut und Gern Leben  ( For a Germany in which we can live well and gladly ). So the Berlin walk-in center, where themed rooms bring the CDU manifesto to life, is called  #fedidwgugl House .  In Britain, young people turned out in droves in June to vote for the opposition Labour party, stripping the ruling Conservatives of their majority and showing how youth can twist the fate of governments even if they are less numerous. With German society rapidly aging, older people still dominate the country s agenda. There are more than twice as many eligible voters aged over 60 as there are under 30. The CDU secured the highest share of the youth vote in 2013 but its support remains skewed toward pensioners. At the last election two-fifths of its backers were aged over 60 while just 5.4 percent were under 25. Kinnert, who has posted on Instagram wearing a T-shirt reading  Keep Calm and Vote for Angie , says Merkel never stops learning and is future-orientated despite her lengthy tenure. One of Merkel s top priorities is the digitization of German industry. She has Facebook and Instagram accounts and has made efforts to show she is up on social media even if it sometimes comes across as clunky. Asked about her favorite emoji during the YouTube interview, Merkel said it was a smiley:  If things are good, even one with a little heart,  she joked. Merkel s main challenger, Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz, has not shied away from cyberspace either. This week he was grilled on YouTube on topics such as legalizing cannabis, animal welfare and rolling out broadband internet. While the CDU was mocked for causing confusion with the #fedidwgugl hashtag, the media attention drew eyeballs to the CDU s agenda. Efforts to campaign over new media also play well with older voters who want the best for their children and grandchildren, said Stefan Marschall of Duesseldorf s Heinrich Heine University. Merkel is the only chancellor most first-time voters can recall. This helps CDU to portray her as an anchor of stability in the turbulent era of Donald Trump and Brexit. An opinion poll by Forsa in June found 57 percent of 18 to 21-year-olds backed Merkel compared with 53 percent of the wider population. Just 21 percent of the young supported Schulz. Forsa s managing director Manfred Guellner said younger Germans have become more conservative than their peers in other countries:  Young people here are pragmatic; they worry about their pensions.  ",1
20861,U.S. military says airstrike in Somalia kills three al Shabaab fighters,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The U.S. military killed three members of Islamist militant group al Shabaab in an airstrike in Somalia conducted with government forces, the U.S. Africa Command said on Wednesday. Tuesday s strike took place in Bay region, some 75 km west of the capital, Mogadishu, and also involved help from peacekeepers from the African Union Mission in Somalia.  The Department of Defense conducted a precision airstrike in central Somalia against al Shabaab militants on ... Sept. 5 at approximately 9:50 a.m. local Somalia time, killing three terrorists,  it said.  Al Shabaab, which is linked to al Qaeda, has lost control of most of Somalia s cities and towns since it was pushed out of Mogadishu in 2011. It retains a strong presence in parts of the south and center and carries out gun and bomb attacks. The group aims to topple the government, drive out African Union peacekeeping troops and impose its own harsh interpretation of Islamic law. In March, U.S. President Donald Trump granted new authority for increased airstrikes in Somalia. ",1
20862,Lebanon identifies soldiers killed in Islamic State captivity,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon has identified the bodies of 10 of its soldiers found along the Syrian border in a zone taken back from Islamic State last week, state news agency NNA said on Wednesday. An offensive against the enclave ended with the evacuation of Islamic State militants and their families to eastern Syria under a Hezbollah-brokered deal.  Syria s government and Lebanon s Hezbollah allowed a convoy of about 300 lightly armed fighters and 300 relatives to evacuate, surrendering their border enclave. As part of the agreement, IS militants identified where they had buried the soldiers, Lebanon s army chief said. DNA tests confirmed that all 10 bodies found in the mountainous border region were Lebanese soldiers, security sources and local media said on Wednesday. Islamic State had held territory along the border for years, and took Lebanese troops captive in 2014 when they briefly overran the town of Arsal with other militants, one of the worst spillovers of the Syrian conflict into Lebanon. Lebanese Justice Minister Salim Jrayssati said a military court would look into whether any civil or military authorities played a role in their capture. President Michel Aoun called for an investigation last week.  At a conference on Wednesday, the families of the soldiers demanded an inquiry to punish anyone who led to the deaths during the fighting and negotiations since 2014.  For three years, they had protested in the streets and met with many government officials to find out the fate of their relatives.  There is immense and deep sadness in our hearts. But in our minds, there is pride and dignity,  Hussein Youssef, the father of a soldier, said at the government headquarters in Beirut. Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri declared Friday a national day of mourning after meeting with the families.  They were martyred defending this country,  said Nizam Mougheit, whose brother died in Islamic State captivity.  Anyone who had a hand in their martyrdom should be held accountable, whoever it is.  ",1
20863,Germany says Putin move on U.N. peacekeepers in Ukraine a 'step',"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany welcomed on Wednesday a suggestion by Russian President Vladimir Putin that armed U.N. peacekeepers could be deployed to eastern Ukraine to help protect ceasefire monitors, but said any prospect of lifting sanctions was still a way off. Putin said on Tuesday that Russia intended to draft a U.N. Security Council resolution to this end, saying it would help resolve the problem in eastern Ukraine, though he also said preconditions would have to be met before any deployment. German government spokeswoman Ulrike Demmer said any deployment would have to be across the whole area of conflict, not just on the contact line between the Ukrainian army and pro-Russian separatists. The war between the two sides has killed more than 10,000 people in three years.  The president s suggestion is a step,  said Demmer, adding many further steps were needed before sanctions could be lifted.  For a complete lifting of sanctions to be discussed, there would need to be the full implementation of the Minsk ceasefire agreement,  she added. Ukraine believes external peacekeepers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) should be deployed throughout separatist-held territory and on the sections of the Ukraine-Russia border that are not under Kiev s control. Kiev accuses Moscow of sending troops and heavy weapons to the region, which Russia denies. Putin also said on Tuesday that any decision by the United States to supply defensive weapons to Ukraine would fuel the conflict. ",1
20864,Florida prepares for powerful Hurricane Irma,"FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (Reuters) - Emergency management officials across South Florida hastened disaster preparations on Tuesday in anticipation of Hurricane Irma s expected weekend arrival on the U.S. mainland with possibly greater force than Hurricane Harvey unleashed on Texas. Irma, a Category 5 storm - the highest hurricane ranking used by U.S. forecasters - neared the Caribbean s northern Leeward Islands, east of Puerto Rico, late on Tuesday with maximum sustained winds of 185 miles per hour (300 km/h). The U.S. National Hurricane Center (NHC) in Miami forecast the storm would make landfall in Florida on Saturday, although Irma s precise trajectory remained to be seen. Forecasters described the storm as  potentially catastrophic.  Irma ranks as one of the five most powerful Atlantic hurricanes during the past 80 years and is the strongest Atlantic storm ever recorded outside the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico, the NHC said. Mindful of the devastation wrought by Harvey days ago along the Gulf Coast of Texas and Louisiana, Florida officials were taking no chances.   Normally, people here don t like to prepare,  said Gary Palmer, a 60-year-old deputy sheriff who visited a home supply store in Fort Lauderdale.  But what happened in Texas opened up everybody s eyes.  Authorities in the Florida Keys, the popular resort archipelago stretching from the southern tip of the state s mainland peninsula, called for a mandatory evacuation of the islands  visitors, starting at sunrise on Wednesday. Roman Gastesi, administrator of Monroe County, which includes the Keys, said a mandatory evacuation of residents there was likely at some point. Residents of low-lying areas in densely populated Miami-Dade County to the north were urged to move to higher ground by Wednesday as a precaution against coastal storm surges. Public schools throughout South Florida were to be closed ahead of the storm, starting with Monroe and neighboring Lee County on Wednesday and Miami-Dade and several others districts beginning on Thursday.  My wife is leaving the Keys today,  Monroe County Emergency Management Director Martin Senterfitt said in a statement.  She would rather go to the dentist than sit in traffic. The sooner people leave the better. If ever there was a storm to take serious in the Keys, this is it.  U.S. President Donald Trump, acting at the request of Governor Rick Scott, approved an emergency declaration on Tuesday mobilizing federal disaster relief efforts in Florida ahead of Irma s arrival, the White House said. Scott has also directed all 7,000 of the state s National Guard troops to report for duty Friday morning, saying additional Guard members would be activated as needed beforehand. Fort Lauderdale native Alexandra Nimmons, 25, said she was taking Irma s possible impact on South Florida more seriously after seeing the extreme damage Harvey left behind in Texas.  I spent a while today collecting water,  Nimmons said.  I hoard Mason and salsa jars so that finally paid off.  She also planned to stock up on candles, matches and canned food. Annisa Ali, 45, who just moved to Oakland Park, Florida, from New York City said she was having a hard time finding water at local stores.  Last night, I went to Wal-Mart. No water. I went to Target. No water. Now I m here. No water,  Ali said at a grocery store in Wilton Manors, Florida. James Foote, a 56-year-old handyman in Fort Lauderdale, said he was unable to find any plywood to nail over windows at a local home supply store on Tuesday. He said more wood was expected to be delivered on Wednesday.  I will be back tomorrow before this place opens at 7 o clock,  Foote said.  I ve waited in lines for concert tickets before. This is way more important than that.  ",1
20865,"Time for EU to decide on Turkey's membership bid, Erdogan says","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s president said on Wednesday it was time for the EU to make up its mind whether it wants his country to join the bloc, a day after Germany s Angela Merkel vowed to push her EU partners to consider suspending or ending its accession talks. Merkel had sharpened her rhetoric in the build-up to this month s German national vote and said on Sunday Turkey should not become a member. Ankara has accused her of indulging in populism.  The EU needs to take a step now. Either they will keep their promises and open the road for full membership... or come out and say they do not want to continue with Turkey,  President Tayyip Erdogan told a meeting of his ruling AK Party in Ankara. Erdogan said Turkey had not abandoned its strategic goal of EU membership. But he has long signaled that his country has run out of patience with the EU over its languishing accession bid, launched in 2005, and the impasse has been brought into focus by a sharp deterioration in Turkey s ties with Germany.  I am telling them: Come out and say this bravely and do what is necessary. Bravely,  Erdogan said.  Instead of this courage, there is a two-faced approach to halt the Turkey-EU full membership talks. This is politically unethical.   Germany s frustrations are focused on the detention of 11 German citizens, four of them with dual citizenship, in Turkey on political charges. Turkey accuses Germany of harboring plotters behind the 2016 coup attempt. Erdogan on Wednesday reiterated a call on Germany s voters of Turkish descent not to back  enemies  of Turkey, among whom he has previously named Merkel s Christian Democrats, the SDP and Greens. He also repeated an accusation, which has infuriated Berlin, that German politics were reverting to the country s Nazi past.  They get offended by my Nazi comparisons, but you are doing that. I am not calling you Nazis, I am depicting the situation. This situation is Nazism, fascism and you are doing it,  he said. Ahead of the April referendum on boosting his powers, Erdogan repeatedly lashed out at Germany and other European countries, accusing them of  Nazi-like  tactics for banning his ministers from speaking to rallies of Turkish voters abroad. ",1
20866,British civil servants' union calls nationwide strike ballot,"LONDON (Reuters) - British civil servants will vote next month on nationwide strike action to put pressure on the government to abandon its 1 percent cap on public sector pay rises, their main trade union said on Wednesday. Prime Minister Theresa May s government is considering lifting the cap for at least some public-sector workers later this year, according to media reports earlier this week, as disquiet grows over pay restraint that has lasted since 2010. But on Wednesday May would not commit to lift the cap for nurses - who are widely thought likely to get an increase - after opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn challenged her in parliament over wages in the public and private sector. The Public and Commercial Services union (PCS), the main union for civil servants, said it would ballot nearly 200,000 members between Oct. 9 and Nov. 6 to assess appetite for what would be their first nationwide strike since October 2014. If there are no concessions on pay after the first ballot, the union will hold a second ballot to confirm support for specific strike action.  Pay misery for public servants must end and the government must restore public-sector pay to levels that allow working people to live with the dignity and security they deserve,  Mark Serwotka, the PCS s general secretary, said in a statement. The PCS said it wanted pay rises of at least 5 percent for all public-sector workers. Average weekly earnings in the public sector rose by 1.3 percent over the past year, compared with a 2.2 percent rise in private-sector wages. Consumer price inflation was 2.6 percent over the same period. Some 5.4 million Britons work in the public sector, of whom just over 400,000 work in the civil service. Most public-sector staff work as teachers or in the National Health Service. ",1
20867,German minister threatens action against EU states over refugees,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere threatened on Wednesday to take action against EU members who refused to abide by a ruling from the EU s top court which demanded each member state accept their share of refugees.    I now expect the countries concerned to fulfill their obligations ... to accept their allotted number of refugees and ensure that they stay in their respective countries. If that does not happen, then a treaty violation procedure can be used,  he said. The court earlier dismissed complaints by Slovakia and Hungary on the EU s migrant policy. ",1
20868,Tunisia premier names new economic reforms minister: statement,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Tunisian Prime Minister Youssef Chahed named one of his economic advisors, Taoufik Rajhi, who is a member of Islamist Ennahda party, to the new post of economic reforms minister, a government statement said on Wednesday. ",1
20869,Spain and Morocco arrest six suspected of practicing beheadings,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish and Moroccan police have arrested five Moroccans and one Spaniard suspected of belonging to an Islamist militant cell that simulated decapitations, the Spanish interior ministry said on Wednesday. The arrests mark the first big raids since a double Islamist attack in Catalonia in August that killed 16 people, most of whom were mown down by a van in Barcelona. The cell was at an advanced stage of activity, the ministry said. It did not say whether those arrested were men or women. The group held secret night meetings at which they planned large-scale attacks, and carried out physical training sessions in which they simulated cutting off victims  heads, the ministry said. Five of the arrested were Moroccan, one with Spanish residence rights. One was Spanish of Moroccan heritage. One was arrested in the Spanish north African enclave of Melilla, and the rest in Morocco. Spanish police have arrested 199 people in the country accused of connections to militant groups since raising the security alert to one notch below the highest level in 2015. ",1
20870,Papuan separatists to petition U.N. against Indonesian rule,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The people of West Papua are facing a  slow motion genocide  and demand independence from Indonesia, separatist leaders told Reuters after a march in Geneva, adding they would press their case with a petition to the United Nations in New York. Benny Wenda, international spokesman for the United Liberation Movement for West Papua (ULMWP), said the human rights situation had worsened under Indonesian President Joko Widodo, with estimates of up to 8,000 people arrested last year.  They look at West Papua differently, as subhuman, and as a colony. We are not equal. That s why if we live with Indonesia, in 30 years time my people will disappear,  he told Reuters. Indonesian presidential spokesman Johan Budi declined to comment on the separatists  comments. West Papua and Papua provinces - often collectively referred to as West Papua - make up the western half of an island north of Australia, with independent Papua New Guinea to the east. The provinces have been gripped by a long-running and often violent separatist conflict since they were incorporated into Indonesia after a widely criticized U.N.-backed referendum in 1969. Dutch colonial rule ended in 1963. Widodo has made easing the tension in the two provinces on the island a key goal, through stepping up investment, freeing political prisoners, and addressing human rights concerns.         However, Oridek Ap, coordinator for Free West Papua Campaign in the Netherlands, said his father was killed in 1984 for singing freedom songs, and it was still dangerous to speak out.  Sometimes they find a body and we have confirmation of death. But as long as somebody is disappeared we don t have confirmation,  he said.  When we talk about slow motion genocide, how can you prove it. On the other side of the border we are talking about 7-8 million Papuans. Why not on our side? This killing is still going on.  The separatists say there are 2.5 million West Papuans, roughly the same as 50 years ago.  What happened in 1969 was a fraud,  Wenda said.  This is why West Papuans believe that our right to self-determination under international law still exists.   Geneva is the house of human rights and freedom. That s why we start here, and then we go to New York,  he said. Wenda, who has political asylum in Britain, added:  We need to solve this problem in the United Nations.  Last month Indonesia struck a deal with U.S. mining firm Freeport McMoRan Inc to take a 51 percent stake in Grasberg, the world s second-biggest copper mine, which is in Papua. ",1
20871,Yemen's Saleh keeps friend and foe guessing after skirmish with Houthi allies,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen s ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh appears to have patched up a violent rift with his allies in the armed Houthi movement, but the drama has left friends and foe alike wondering anew at the wily political survivor s next move. Forming a surprise alliance with the Houthis when they seized the capital Sanaa in 2014, Saleh s army loyalists and Houthi fighters have together weathered thousands of air strikes by a Saudi-led military coalition in 2 1/2 years of war. Fearing the Houthis are a proxy for their arch-foe Iran, the mostly Gulf Arab alliance seeks to help the internationally recognized government push up from a base in Yemen s south toward Sanaa. Saleh s guile has been key to resisting the push. For 34 years Saleh ruled over one of the world s most heavily armed and tribal societies with expertly balanced doses of largesse and force. He battled the Houthis for a decade in office before he befriended them when out of power. Cornered by pro-democracy  Arab Spring  protests, Saleh wore a cryptic smile when signing his resignation in a televised ceremony in 2012. Then as now, few could discern his intentions. But his desire to preserve by any means necessary his influence and that of his family - many of whom occupy top military positions - seems beyond doubt. His influence has outlived that of other Arab leaders left dead or deposed by uprisings and civil wars since 2011. As the conflict has wrought a humanitarian crisis, weeks of mutual sniping about responsibility for economic woes in northern Yemeni lands that they together rule peaked with a deadly gun battle between Houthi and Saleh supporters last week. Leaders from Saleh s former ruling party and the Houthis met and pronounced the split healed. Though they pledged to focus on the war effort against Yemen s internationally recognized government that is backed by the Saudi-led coalition, the tensions suggest Saleh is seeking to stake out his own political strategy as exhaustion sets in on all sides.   Saleh wants to capitalize on popular opposition to both the Houthis and the government, positioning himself as an alternative,  said Adam Baron, a Yemen expert at the European Council on Foreign Relations (ECFR). The war has killed at least 10,000 people, displaced 2 million from their homes, led to widespread hunger and a cholera epidemic which has left 2,000 people dead. Militias and Yemen s powerful Al Qaeda branch have gained ground in the chaos. Any total breakdown within the alliance between Saleh and the Houthis would be bloody and pit scores of local leaders, tribesmen and army units cultivated by Saleh for decades against others loyal to the fighters. Saleh appeared eager to avoid that showdown in an interview which aired on Monday on Yemen Today, a TV channel he owns.  There is no crisis or disagreement at all except in the imaginations of trouble-makers and sowers of discord at home and abroad,  he said. But the ex-leader, at times referring to himself in the third person, said that  imbalances  remained in the alliance, suggesting not all wounds had been salved. Analysts say he remains annoyed at the continued existence of a Houthi  revolutionary committee  which ruled alone before its alliance was formalized with Saleh s General People s Congress party in a  governing council  where they shared power.  Anxiety also flares over appointments of local officials and control over financial policy - both former GPC prerogatives. Beyond local squabbles, the good relations Saleh enjoyed with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates during his presidency raise Houthi fears of a grand double cross. Saleh s son, Ahmed Ali, lives under house arrest in the UAE where he once served as ambassador before it joined its ally Saudi Arabia to make war on the Houthi-Saleh alliance. A powerful former military chief whom his father appeared to be grooming to succeed him, Ahmed Ali and the passing of Saleh power to the next generation may figure into his calculus.  He certainly wants to secure a place for his family in any post-war order ... the Houthis are very paranoid that Saleh may cut a deal with Saudi Arabia and the UAE that will leave them out to dry,  Baron of ECFR added. Saleh has denied seeking to advance his son s political career or any backroom dealing with their enemies. To salvage their alliance, the Houthis will need to convince Saleh that despite their violent history, they make for stronger allies than some GPC members - like Saleh s successor, President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi - who turned on him in the past.  I say to President Saleh, out of sincerity and love, beware of these snakes,  Houthi official Hamid Rizq wrote on his Facebook page on Tuesday.  They are the ones who pushed you to fight wars against the honorable and loyal people in your society then abandoned you and called you are a thief and a criminal.  ",1
20872,Dennis Rodman talks of skiing friendship with Kim Jong Un,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - U.S. basketball legend Dennis Rodman said on Wednesday he had skied and sung karaoke with his friend North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un and would like to  straighten things out  amid a nuclear standoff with the United States. Rodman has paid several visits to Kim in the isolated state but the two rarely discuss politics, the retired National Basketball Association star told British TV show  Good Morning Britain.  North Korea has carried out a series of nuclear and missile tests and U.S. President Donald Trump has responded with warnings of a  massive  military response.  For me to go over there and see (Kim) as much as I have, I basically hang out with him all the time. We laugh, we sing karaoke, we do a lot of cool things together. We ride horses, we hang out, we go skiing, we hardly ever talk politics and that s the good thing,  Rodman said, according to a transcript. The basketball ace expressed admiration for Trump but said the U.S. president could be  a little bit crazy sometimes .  Rodman last visited North Korea in June and earlier trips stoked talk that he could facilitate a breakthrough between Pyongyang and Washington, although his comments on Kim have also drawn ridicule. North Korea has long ignored warnings from the West and from its lone major ally, China, to halt its nuclear and missile tests which it conducts in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions. Rodman said he was not trying to defend the actions of Kim and was  just an ambassador for sports.  He said the relationship between the U.S. and Russia had changed  but for some reason we have a big issue with North Korea.    I don t love (Kim). I just want to try to straighten things out for everyone to get along together.  Rodman, nicknamed  The Worm  during his playing career and known for his flamboyant character, is considered one of the best defensive players and rebounders in NBA history. (This story has been refiled to change tense of word in lede)  ",1
20873,Fourteen people rescued from seaside tower in southern England,"LONDON (Reuters) - Fourteen people had to be airlifted from a British seaside tower after a mobile observation capsule became stuck, rescue services reported.    The Jurassic skyline tower in the southern resort of Weymouth offers 360-degree views of the surrounding area. Video footage shows the trapped visitors being winched to safety by rescuers dangling from a helicopter above the 53-metre tower. Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service was alerted on Tuesday afternoon after engineers failed to free the stuck capsule. The tower s operator said on twitter that the gondola had become stuck due to a mechanical issue. ",1
20874,"EU threatens Hungary, Poland with fines if refuse refugees","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU executive said on Wednesday it was ready to institute court proceedings within weeks that could lead to fines for Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic if they refuse to take in asylum-seekers from Italy and Greece. Speaking to reporters after the EU s top court, the European Court of Justice (ECJ), upheld the legality of quotas for states to take migrants relocated from the Mediterranean, Migration Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos said:   If the member states that have not relocated at all or not for a long time do not change their approach in the coming weeks, we should then consider to take the last step in the infringement procedure, taking Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic to the European Court of Justice.  The ECJ has the power to levy financial penalties on governments which fail to comply with EU law. ",1
20875,EU court migrant ruling comes gift-wrapped for Orban re-election bid,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - A rap on the knuckles from the EU s top court will not end Hungary s opposition to accommodating asylum seekers, and may even help Prime Minister Viktor Orban in his campaign for re-election next year. Rightwinger Orban has been one of the bloc s most vocal opponents of attempts by Brussels to force member states to take in quotas of mainly Syrian refugees, and the fence that Hungary built on its southern border to keep them out has been criticized by other governments and rights groups. But that unapologetic stance has gone down well with voters at home and, with Orban s Fidesz party already firmly ahead in opinion polls, initial responses from Budapest to Wednesday s ruling suggested the legal setback would help keep the issue of migration high on the domestic political agenda. Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said the European Court of Justice s dismissal of appeals by Hungary and Slovakia against the migrant quota system the European Union launched in 2015 was  entirely unacceptable .  The real battle only starts today,  he told a news conference.  I want to assure all citizens ... that the Hungarian government will do everything it can to protect Hungary and the Hungarian people.  Hungary argues that the obligatory relocation of asylum seekers arriving in Greece and Italy from the Middle East would undermine its sovereignty and social fabric, and Orban s government held a referendum in 2016 on whether to accept any future EU-wide migrant relocation quotas. More than 3 million Hungarians, an overwhelming majority of participants, rejected the EU initiative then - and Orban would win a third term in office next April with their support alone.  Orban could use a rejection of Hungary s claim (by the court) to fuel his electoral campaign with anti-EU-arguments,  said Professor Hendrik Hansen, an expert on international and European politics at Budapest s Andrassy University.  The migration issue is a winning point for the Orban government independently of what the European court decides,   added Tibor Attila Nagy, of the Centre for Fair Political Analysis said ahead of the court ruling.  The square in front of Budapest s Eastern Railway station was a focus of the world s media when thousands of migrants camped there in September 2015, hoping to scramble on to trains bound for Austria and Germany. On a bright late summer morning two years later its flagstones are eerily quiet, but locals hurrying to work have not forgotten the days when Hungary was the main transit route for hundreds of thousands of refugees from war and poverty en route to richer western states.  Many remain opposed to the country taking in migrants.  The fence is very good (to have) as it protects us from the explosions and violence and everything,  catering worker Ilona Nagy, 55, told Reuters.  I would vote for Fidesz, only Fidesz.    It was only Hungary which did what it had to do and protected the Schengen borders, and this is still the case,  said pensioner Peter Lazar, 73, another Fidesz supporter. But some preferred to focus on other matters.  I believe the whole migration crisis is government propaganda nothing more,  said Karoly Szenasi, 50.  Monika Fenyvesi, 33, out walking with her child in a stroller, said the scenes at the station had been  scary  and it was good that Hungary had imposed controls. But issues such as support for families, healthcare, taxation, and wages would determine which party got her vote.  It will be hard to decide but it will not be the current government.  ",1
20876,Suspected al Shabaab militants behead four in Kenya's Lamu County: official,"MOMBASA, Kenya (Reuters) - Suspected militants from the Somali group al Shabaab beheaded four men in two different attacks in Lamu County on Kenya s north coast on Wednesday, authorities said, a month after 12 people were killed in similar incidents in the region.  Lamu County Commissioner Gilbert Kitiyo said the attacks took place in Silini-Mashambani early on Wednesday where three were killed, while in a separate incident in Bobo village one person was killed.  Kitiyo said about 30 heavily-armed assailants went from house-to-house calling out victims by name before pulling some out and slitting their throats.  They were dressed in military gear and had AK-47 rifles. They beheaded four men before fleeing into the forest. All the victims are men. Police have already arrived at the scene and taken the bodies to the mortuary,  Kitiyo told Reuters by telephone. He said the attackers surrounded all the victims  houses  making it difficult for them to escape. Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab s spokesman for military operations, said the group was behind the attack, and put the number of those killed at five, saying it had targeted non-Muslims. In August, al Shabaab attackers killed four men in a similar manner while earlier in July, nine men were slaughtered the same way in nearby villages. After the latest attacks, protesters burned tyres on the roads on Wednesday morning in complaint over insecurity. Riot police to fire teargas and rubber bullets to disperse them.  A government-imposed dusk-to-dawn curfew is in force in the area following past attacks. The al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab aims to topple Somalia s United Nations-backed government and impose its own strict interpretation of Islam. They have intensified attacks in Kenya since it sent troops into Somalia in 2011. They have also claimed responsibility for a series of cross-border attacks in recent months, including a spate of roadside bombings targeting security forces. ",1
20877,"Erdogan says Turkey will send 10,000 tonnes aid to Myanmar's Rohingya","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey will provide 10,000 tonnes of aid to help Rohingya Muslims who have fled violence in Myanmar, President Tayyip Erdogan said on Wednesday.  I spoke with (Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi) yesterday. They opened the doors after our call,  Erdogan told a meeting of his ruling AK Party in Ankara. He said Turkish aid agency TIKA was already delivering 1,000 tonnes of aid to camps for the displaced.  The second stage is 10,000 tonnes. Aid will be distributed,  Erdogan said.  Around 150,000 Rohingyas have fled northwest Myanmar to Bangladesh since violence broke out on August 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked dozens of police posts and an army base. The ensuing clashes and a military counter-offensive have killed at least 400 people. ",1
20878,Moldovan president vetoes participation in NATO country exercises,"CHISINAU (Reuters) - Moldova s pro-Russian President Igor Dodon has blocked government plans to send troops to Ukraine to participate in military exercises starting this week and which coincide with Russian drills across the border in Belarus.  Dodon s move on Wednesday underscores divisions within the ex-Soviet nation, where the president is frequently at odds on foreign policy with the government, which favors closer ties with the European Union and the United States.  The government had planned to send 57 servicemen to take part in exercises by mostly NATO countries, including the United States and Turkey, in western Ukraine from Sept. 8-23. Russia will meanwhile hold drills from Sept. 14-20 in western Russia, Belarus and Russia s exclave of Kaliningrad. Moscow has dismissed fears in neighboring nations that the drills may be used as a precursor for an invasion. Dodon exercised his presidential veto to block the decision, arguing Moldova was bound by its constitution to stay neutral.   The participation of Moldovan servicemen in military exercises outside the country is not acceptable,  Dodon wrote on his Facebook page. A Ukrainian defense ministry spokesman said Kiev had not been formally notified that Moldova was withdrawing its personnel.  Earlier this year Dodon banned the participation of military personnel in NATO exercises in Romania, prompting complaints by the U.S. and Romanian ambassadors in Chisinau. Speaking at a televised cabinet meeting, Prime Minister Pavel Filip said he was baffled by Dodon s decision:  No one wants an unprepared and weak army.  Moldova has been governed by pro-Western leaders since 2009 and signed a trade pact with the EU in 2014. Russia retaliated by halting imports of Moldovan farm produce, depriving the country of a key market for its wine, fruit and vegetables. Relations suffered further this year due to a dispute in March over the treatment of Moldovan officials traveling to or through Russia, and the expulsion of Russian diplomats in May. In August, Moldova declared Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin persona non grata, accusing him of making defamatory remarks about Moldovan government officials. ",1
20879,Exclusive: Bangladesh protests over Myanmar's suspected landmine use near border,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh lodged a protest after it said Myanmar had laid landmines near the border between the two countries, government officials said on Wednesday, amid growing tensions over the huge influx of Rohingya Muslims fleeing violence in Myanmar. An army crackdown triggered by an attack on Aug. 25 by Rohingya insurgents on Myanmar security forces has led to the killing of at least 400 people and the exodus of nearly 125,000 Rohingya to Bangladesh, leading to a major humanitarian crisis. When asked whether Bangladesh had lodged the complaint, Foreign Secretary Shahidul Haque said  yes  without elaborating. Three other government sources confirmed that a protest note was faxed to Myanmar in the morning saying the Buddhist-majority country was violating international norms.  Bangladesh has expressed great concern to Myanmar about the explosions very close to the border,  a source with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters. The source asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter. A Myanmar military source said landmines were laid along the border in the 1990s to prevent trespassing and the military had since tried to remove them. But none had been planted recently. Two Bangladeshi sources told Reuters they believed Myanmar security forces were putting the landmines in their territory along the barbed-wire fence between a series of border pillars. Both sources said Bangladesh learned about the landmines mainly through photographic evidence and informers.  Our forces have also seen three to four groups working near the barbed wire fence, putting something into the ground,  one of the sources said.  We then confirmed with our informers that they were laying land mines.  The sources did not clarify if the groups were in uniform, but added that they were sure they were not Rohingya insurgents. Manzurul Hassan Khan, a Bangladesh border guard officer, told Reuters earlier that two blasts were heard on Tuesday on the Myanmar side, after two on Monday fueled speculation that Myanmar forces had laid land mines. One boy had his left leg blown off on Tuesday near a border crossing before being brought to Bangladesh for treatment, while another boy suffered minor injuries, Khan said, adding that the blast could have been a mine explosion. A Rohingya refugee who went to the site of the blast on Monday - on a footpath near where civilians fleeing violence are huddled in a no man s land on the border - filmed what appeared to be a mine: a metal disc about 10 centimeters (4 inches) in diameter partially buried in the mud. He said he believed there were two more such devices buried in the ground. Two refugees also told Reuters they saw members of the Myanmar army around the site in the immediate period preceding the Monday blasts, which occurred around 2:25 p.m. Reuters was unable to independently verify that the planted devices were land mines and that there was any link to the Myanmar army. The Myanmar army has not commented on the blasts near the border. Zaw Htay, the spokesman for Myanmar s national leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, was not immediately available for comment.  On Monday, he told Reuters clarification was needed to determine  where did it explode, who can go there and who laid those land mines. Who can surely say those mines were not laid by the terrorists?  The Bangladesh interior ministry secretary, Mostafa Kamal Uddin, did not respond to calls seeking comment. The border pillars mentioned by the Dhaka-based sources mark the boundaries of the two countries, along which Myanmar has a portion of barbed wire fencing. Most of the two countries  217-km-long border is porous.  They are not doing anything on Bangladeshi soil,  said one of the sources.  But we have not seen such laying of land mines in the border before.  Myanmar, which was under military rule until recently and is one of the most heavily mined countries in the world, is one of the few countries that have not signed the 1997 U.N. Mine Ban Treaty. ",1
20880,Zimbabwe opposition rejects post-Mugabe coalition deal-making,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) said on Wednesday it had no plans to join factions of the ruling ZANU-PF party to form a national unity coalition after the  eventual death of 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe. A Reuters investigation this week revealed that Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa, favorite to succeed Mugabe, has been looking to build a broad coalition that would kickstart the economy by reintegrating thousands of white farmers booted off their land in the early 2000s. The report was based on leaks from inside Zimbabwe s Central Intelligence Organisation and interviews with top political players, including MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai. The 63-year-old, who has been Mugabe s main political rival for the last two decades, told Reuters at the time he had not met Mnangagwa for several years but that he had received overtures about a meeting that were turned down. In a statement, the MDC said it would never consider joining an administration that was not the product of an election. Zimbabwe s next vote is next year and Mugabe is running as ZANU-PF s presidential candidate.  While stability is important, President Tsvangirai and the MDC have always placed a far higher premium on legitimacy and democracy,  the statement said. The Reuters story also revealed that senior members of Zimbabwe s military were starting to swallow their disdain for Tsvangirai, who has never enjoyed their respect because of his background as a union leader rather than a liberation fighter. The intelligence reports suggested top generals had given Mnangagwa their backing. Tsvangirai did not deny any contact with military leaders or British ambassador Catriona Laing, who the intelligence reports said favored a Mnangagwa-led succession, but said post-Mugabe deal-making was not on the agenda.  President Tsvangirai has not had any meeting with either the British or the military involving this purported deal,  the MDC statement said.  Any purported deal outside elections and involving diplomats, the military and other such characters will not be legitimate and will not rescue Zimbabweans from their current predicament.  Mugabe has been Zimbabwe s only leader since independence from Britain in 1980. Its once promising economy collapsed in the early 2000s after the violent seizure of thousands of white-owned commercial farms by pro-Mugabe gangs. ",1
20881,Thousands of Indonesians join anti-Myanmar rally in Jakarta,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Thousands of Indonesians, led by Islamist groups, held a rally near the Myanmar embassy in Jakarta on Wednesday to protest against the treatment of Rohingya Muslims and demand the snapping of ties between the two countries.    Indonesia has the world s largest population of Muslims and there have been several anti-Myanmar protests in Jakarta and the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur over the treatment of Buddhist-majority Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Rohingyas.  Roads were blocked and barbed wire barriers put up around the embassy, in a leafy district of the capital, which was patrolled by police in riot gear who set up water cannons. Some protesters chanted  Allahu Akbar  (God is Greatest), while others shouted slogans such as  Slaughter Myanmar  and  Burn the embassy . Buddhists should respect Muslims in Myanmar in the same way that Muslims respected Buddhists in Indonesia, one speaker told the crowd, using a loud-hailer.    Almost 125,000 Rohingyas have been forced to flee clashes between Rohingya insurgents and the army in Myanmar s northwestern state of Rakhine. Tens of thousands have crossed the border into neighboring Bangladesh. Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi met Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi and top security officials this week to urge a halt to the bloodshed. Marsudi also visited Dhaka, capital of Bangladesh on Tuesday, to offer help in tackling the crisis. Some protesters at the Jakarta rally called for the expulsion of the Myanmar ambassador over the issue, as well as for diplomatic ties between the two countries to be severed. Myanmar embassy staff would be safe, however, said a foreign ministry spokesman, Armanatha Nasir.   It is the responsibility of the host countries to ensure the safety of all diplomatic missions and their personnel,  the spokesman said.  Indonesia takes this responsibility seriously.   At the weekend, a petrol bomb was thrown at the embassy causing a small fire. Indonesian police have also pledged to bar Islamist groups from staging a rally on Friday at the Borobudur Buddhist temple in central Java to protest against the treatment of Myanmar s Rohingya Muslims. ",1
20882,"Moscow, Seoul closer on North Korea after their leaders meet: RIA cites Kremlin","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The positions of Moscow and Seoul on North Korea have moved closer after a meeting of the Russian and South Korean presidents, RIA news agency cited Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov as saying on Wednesday. Russian President Vladimir Putin met South Korea s Moon Jae-in on the sidelines of an economic summit in the eastern Russian city of Vladivostok on Wednesday amid mounting international concern that Pyongyang plans more weapons tests. ",1
20883,Poland's stance on migrants unchanged despite EU court ruling: PM,"KRYNICA ZDROJ, Poland (Reuters) - Poland will continue to refuse to accept migrants under a European Union relocation scheme despite a ruling by EU s highest court that Brussels had the right to force member states to take in asylum seekers, Prime Minister Beata Szydlo said on Wednesday.  I was convinced that such a decision would be made (by the court), but this absolutely does not change the stance of the Polish government with respect to migration policy,  Szydlo told reporters on the sidelines of a business conference. Earlier on Wednesday, the European Union s highest court dismissed complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy. ",1
20884,"Allowing nuclear weapons in Japan could defuse North Korean threat, say some policy makers","TOKYO (Reuters) - As Japan looks for a quick, resolute response to North Korea s growing missile threat, some defense policy makers in Tokyo say it may be time to reconsider non-nuclear pledges and invite U.S. nuclear weapons on to its soil. Japan, the only country to suffer nuclear attack, upholds three non-nuclear principles that commit it not to possess, manufacture or allow nuclear weapons on to its territory that were adopted five decades ago.  Perhaps it s time for our three principles to become two,  a senior defense policy maker told Reuters, suggesting nuclear weapons be allowed into Japan. He asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue. North Korea, pursuing its weapons programs in defiance of international condemnation, fired an intermediate ballistic missile over Japan last week, prompting authorities to sound sirens and advise residents to take cover. On Sunday, North Korea tested a nuclear device that had a  yield estimated at ten times that of the atom bomb dropped by the United States on Hiroshima in 1945. Inviting U.S. nuclear weapons would be an attempt by Japan jolt China, North Korea s sole major ally, to do more to rein in its neighbor by showing there are consequences to North Korean provocations that threaten its neighbors and destabilize the region, the policy maker said.  A simple way to do this could be for a nuclear-armed U.S. submarine to operate from one of the U.S. Navy bases in Japan, he said, a move bound to infuriate China. Former Japanese defense minister Shigeru Ishiba stoked controversy on Wednesday by questioning whether Japan can expect protection under the U.S. nuclear umbrella while maintaining its non-nuclear principles.  Is it right that we don t discuss this?  Ishiba asked in a television interview. In his election campaign last year, Donald Trump chided Japan and South Korea for not contributing enough to their defenses. On Tuesday, the president said he was ready to sell Seoul billions of dollars in weapons and scrap a limit on the size of warheads the Washington would supply.  We don t have any plan to begin discussing the three non-nuclear principles,  Japan Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters when asked to respond to Ishiba s comment.     Yet, the growing North Korean threat could stifle some of the opposition, experts say.  Just by raising this issue of nuclear principles, Japan will push the United States and China to act, and it is something that Beijing is not going to like,  said Takashi Kawakami, a security expert at Japan s Takushoku University.  It s the medicine that China needs to make it act against North Korea.  Allowing the U.S. military to deploy nuclear weapons on Japanese territory would pose a grave political risk for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, particularly amid an influence-peddling scandal that has hit his popularity ratings. Any move toward relaxing the non-nuclear principles, however, is unlikely to lead to a home-made atomic bomb, despite Japan s technical abilities, say experts.  Tokyo has the civilian nuclear program, fissile materials and the weaponization technology necessary. It could probably develop a small arsenal of nuclear devices within a year if there was motivation to do so,  said Emily Chorley, a nuclear weapons expert at IHS Janes. But doing so would force Japan to renege on its non-proliferation commitments and could severely damage Washington s alliances and position of strength in Asia.  This would signal that the Japanese no longer have confidence in U.S. extended deterrence,  said a former senior U.S. military commander who asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to talk to the media.  That would essentially mean that they no longer have confidence in the alliance.    ",1
20885,"Armyworm hits northern Cameroon, worsening food crisis","YAOUNDE (Reuters) - Crop-eating fall armyworms have attacked nearly 37,000 hectares of maize in northern Cameroon, officials said on Wednesday, accentuating an already dire humanitarian crisis provoked by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram s cross-border insurgency. More than two dozen African nations have reported outbreaks of the invasive Central American variety of the pest, which is harder to detect and eradicate than its African counterpart. They have now spread to all of Cameroon s 10 administrative regions, though maize crops in the Extreme North region have only been heavily affected since July, Deputy Agriculture Minister Clementine Ananga Messina told Reuters.  The armyworm attack endangers the entire maize sector and is creating serious risks of food insecurity, because it s the most commonly grown cereal in Cameroon,  she said.  The Extreme North region bordering Chad and Nigeria has been hit hard by Boko Haram, whose campaign of violence and cross-border attacks has sent more than 93,000 Nigerians fleeing into Cameroon where some 235,000 people have also been displaced. Across the Lake Chad region around 1.5 million people are confronting a food crisis, according to the United Nations. Cameroonian authorities have launched an action plan to fight against the infestation, but so far pesticides have failed to contain it.   There are no effective means to fight armyworm currently existing in Cameroon,  said Agriculture Ministry expert Andre Marie Elombat Assoua.  The chemical products now being used by farmers are ineffective and too expensive.   Around 12 million Cameroonians, more than half of the national population, regularly consume maize. It is also an important ingredient for the central African nation s breweries and in the production of feed for livestock. Though the fall armyworm prefers maize, it also attacked sorghum and millet, two of Cameroon s other staple crops, earlier this year. ",1
20886,Cambodia charges opposition leader with treason,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian opposition leader Kem Sokha has been charged with treason and could face a jail term of 15 to 30 years if convicted, a court said on Tuesday. Kem Sokha was arrested on Sunday in an escalating crackdown on critics of Prime Minister Hun Sen s government, which accused the opposition leader of plotting with the United States to undermine the Southeast Asian country. Trials of senior political figures in recent years have resulted in convictions and international rights groups questioned whether proceedings against Kem Sokha would be fair. He had been charged with  colluding with foreigners  under Article 443 of Cambodia s penal code, the Phnom Penh Municipal Court said in a statement.  The act of secret collusion with foreigners is an act of treason,  it added. The evidence the government has presented is a video of Kem Sokha from 2013 in which he tells supporters of his Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) that he has had American support and advice for his political strategy to win power. One of the opposition leader s lawyers, Pheng Heng, said what appeared in the video clip was no crime.  The legal procedure is wrong and the charge isn t correct,  he said.  What he talked about was elections in a multi-party democratic way.  The arrest of Kem Sokha and growing pressure on independent media and rights groups have drawn condemnation from the United States and other Western countries, which have raised doubts over whether a general election next year can be fair. But Hun Sen, one of Asia s longest serving rulers, has won support from China, which has made him one of its closest regional allies and provided billions of dollars in infrastructure loans. Next year s election could represent the greatest challenge to Hun Sen and his ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP) in the more than three decades he has ruled, but his critics accuse him of trying to shut down all opposition in advance. Pro-government website Fresh News said there could be further arrests of officials from the opposition party in the case.  The government and the ruling CPP have manufactured these treason charges against Kem Sokha for political purposes, aiming to try and knock the political opposition out of the ring before the 2018 electoral contest even begins,  said Phil Robertson, deputy Asia director of New York-based Human Rights Watch. Kingsley Abott, senior international legal adviser for Southeast Asia at the Geneva-based International Committee of Jurists, said the allegations against Kem Sokha had the hallmarks of being politically motivated.  The absence of an independent and impartial prosecution and judiciary makes the delivery of a fair trial impossible in most political cases,  he said. Kem Sokha, was sentenced to five months in jail last September after failing to appear in court in connection with a case against two of his party colleagues, but he was later pardoned at Hun Sen s request. He had avoided prison on that occasion by taking refuge at his party headquarters. Kem Sokha s predecessor as party leader, Sam Rainsy, was found guilty of defamation in absentia. He lives in France to avoid the conviction, which he says was politically motivated. ",1
20887,Hurricane Irma moves away from Barbuda: NHC,"(Reuters) - The eye of the potentially catastrophic Category 5 hurricane Irma has moved away from Barbuda and is heading towards St. Martin, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said in an advisory. Hurricane Irma is about 145 miles (235 km) east of St. Croix with maximum sustained winds of 185 mph (295 km/h), the NHC said. The core of Irma is likely to move over portions of the northern Leeward Islands, and move near or over portions of the northern Virgin Islands on Wednesday, it said.  (This story corrects headline to fix sourcing to U.S. NHC, not NRC)  ",1
20888,"Myanmar's Rohingya suffered for years, need lasting solution: Turkey","BAKU (Reuters) - Turkey s foreign minister called on Wednesday for a lasting solution to the plight of Myanmar s Rohingya Muslims who he said had been living for years in  open prisons , ahead of his visit to neighboring Bangladesh to discuss the crisis. President Tayyip Erdogan, who leads Turkey s Islamist-rooted AK Party, has been fiercely critical of Myanmar s treatment of the Rohingyas, saying they have been subjected to genocide. The latest violence began on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked dozens of police posts and an army base. The ensuing clashes and a military counter-offensive have killed at least 400 people.    After Erdogan spoke to Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Tuesday, Turkey said it would deliver 1,000 tonnes of food, medicine and clothing to the afflicted northwestern region of Rakhine. Around 150,000 Rohingyas have fled to Bangladesh, where Turkey s Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu is due to arrive later for talks on Thursday about tackling the crisis. Cavusoglu said he would visit the border region to assess the humanitarian needs there, adding that Turkey would also provide ambulances and other equipment.  We will not leave these people alone here. However, we need to find a lasting solution to the problem in Rakhine,  he said.  There have been events and cruelties before as well, many people died or had to leave their homes.   I went to Rakhine two years ago as well, and they literally live in open prisons covered in mud. It is unacceptable for people to live under these conditions in this day and age.  Suu Kyi has faced increasing pressure from countries with Muslim populations to halt the violence against Rohingya Muslims which has prompted their flight to Bangladesh. Erdogan, whose wife and a son will accompany Cavusoglu to  Bangladesh, said this week he had spoken to 20 world leaders about the issue, and would press for it to be discussed at the United Nations later this month. Turkey has said its state aid agency TIKA would start the first foreign aid deliveries to Rakhine on Wednesday. ",1
20889,Turkish police kill Islamic State militant set to attack police station,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police shot dead an Islamic State militant who was set to carry out a suicide bomb attack on a police station in the Mediterranean city of Mersin on Wednesday, the interior ministry said. The assailant, wearing a vest packed with explosives, was killed outside the police station in the Yenisehir district, which security sources said is located next to the regional headquarters of Turkey s MIT national intelligence agency.   One member of the Daesh terrorist organization, wearing a suicide bomb vest, was captured dead in front of the Mersin Yenisehir district s ... central police station,  the interior ministry said in a statement. Police officers spotted the suspect behaving suspiciously some 50 meters (55 yards) from the police station at around 8:15 a.m. (0515 GMT), the Mersin governor s office said. The man ignored an order to stop and continued to move toward the police station. He was shot when his hand reached for a cable hanging down from his shoulder, the governor s office said. Islamic State militants have previously carried out gun and bomb attacks in Turkey. Many foreign fighters have also passed through Turkey in recent years on their way to join the jihadist group in its self-proclaimed caliphate in Syria and Iraq. Ankara has detained more than 5,000 Islamic State suspects and deported some 3,290 foreign militants from 95 different countries in recent years, according to Turkish officials. The Dogan news agency identified the would-be attacker as a 20-year-old Syrian national who lived in an apartment block near the police station. It said bomb disposal experts defused the explosive device. Police subsequently searched the home of the Syrian man and detained his father, Dogan said, adding that his family had moved to Mersin a year ago. ",1
20890,Britain rejects Irish call for role in Northern Ireland rule,"BELFAST (Reuters) - Britain on Tuesday rejected an Irish demand for a role in running Northern Ireland if parties there fail to revive a devolved power-sharing government, as unionists said concessions would lead to  grave consequences  for Theresa May s government.  The 1998 peace deal that ended 30 years of violence in Northern Ireland between Irish nationalists and pro-British unionists provides for a consultative role for the Irish government in the running of the British region.  Since January Irish nationalists Sinn Fein and the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) have failed to reach agreement on re-establishing the devolved administration. The British government has warned it may soon have to step in to rule the province directly for the first time in a decade.  Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney on Tuesday told journalists in Belfast that if talks to form a power-sharing government failed  there can be no British-only direct rule,  adding that this was Irish government policy.  He did not say what kind of role he expected for the Irish government and said he was still hopeful devolved power-sharing could be rescued.  In an apparent rebuff to Coveney, a British government spokesman said in a statement that London would  never countenance any arrangement, such as Joint Authority, inconsistent with the principle of consent in the (Good Friday) Agreement.   In the absence of devolved government, it is ultimately for the United Kingdom Government to provide the certainty over delivery of public services and good governance in Northern Ireland, as part of the United Kingdom,  the statement said.  DUP lawmaker Jeffrey Donaldson, whose party Prime Minister Theresa May s minority government depends on to survive, warned that his party would not accept any concessions to Dublin.    Even if we have a temporary period of direct rule, the Irish Government must be clear that it must not interfere with the internal affairs of Northern Ireland and to do so would be a fundamental breach of faith,  Donaldson told the Belfast Telegraph newspaper in comments published on Wednesday.   If that were to happen it would have grave consequences for the stability of the government at Westminster and for the prospect of restoring devolution in Northern Ireland,  he was quoted as saying. ",1
20891,Hungary calls EU court's refugee ruling 'appalling',"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary said on Wednesday a ruling by the European Union s highest court that member states must take in refugees and asylum-seekers was appalling and unacceptable, flagging further legal battles with European authorities over the matter.  The Hungarian government considers today s decision by the European court to be appalling and irresponsible,  Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto told a news conference.  This decision jeopardizes the security and future of all of Europe.  Szijjarto said the decision was made based on political rather than legal or professional considerations.  Politics has raped European law and values,  he said. ",1
20892,Germany climbs in development ranking by taking in refugees,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Germany has jumped 10 slots from last year to fifth place on a list ranking how well rich countries  policies help improve lives in the developing world, mainly thanks to its willingness to take in refugees - a hot topic in its Sept. 24 election. Denmark took over the top spot from Finland, which falls to third place, while Sweden moves up one notch to second on the list that includes the impact from foreign aid and policies on trade, finance, migration, the environment and technology.  Germany moves up to fifth on the 2017 Index, mainly thanks to policies on migration, including accepting a large number of refugees,  author Ian Mitchell from the Washington-based Center for Global Development said in the report. Labor mobility is potentially the most powerful tool for poverty reduction and income redistribution, he said.  By migrating to richer countries, workers gain valuable skills and broaden their opportunities to earn higher incomes. They also send billions of dollars back home each year in remittances, a flow that surpasses foreign aid several fold.  Chancellor Angela Merkel s 2015 decision to open Germany s borders to hundreds of thousands of refugees, many fleeing war in the Middle East, cost her support but she has since bounced back.  Her challenger in this month s election, Social Democrat Martin Schulz, attacked her on Sunday for failing to coordinate a better European response to the refugee crisis. The report said Germany s surge in the rankings was thanks not only to taking in the large influx, but also to its aid and trade policies. Despite Germany s improvement, France still ranks highest among the G7 countries at fourth place. The United States fell to 23rd from 20th among the 27 countries ranked. Its best performance was on trade and security, while it scored poorly on finance, environment, and aid, the report said.  The U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Climate Accord will be reflected in future years, potentially taking the U.S. score lower,  the think tank said. Britain, which is in the process of negotiating its departure from the European Union, jumped to seventh place from ninth last year. The report said there was a risk that Brexit could hit Britain s score on trade unless it could quickly replicate favorable EU trade policies toward developing countries. However,  on agriculture, it could certainly reduce subsidies compared with the EU and level the playing field for developing world producers.  The 2017 rankings show almost all countries improved their performance in the environmental component, with reductions in greenhouse gas emissions and new climate commitments in the 2016 Paris agreement. ",1
20893,Philippine lawmakers reject last left-wing cabinet minister,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine lawmakers on Wednesday rejected the nomination of the last leftist President Rodrigo Duterte included in his cabinet, removing the agrarian reform minister a year after he joined the government in a bid by Duterte to promote peace. Duterte, after becoming president in June last year, offered places in his cabinet to members of the outlawed Communist Party of the Philippines to demonstrate his commitment to talks to end their long-running insurgency. The minister, Rafael Mariano, was one of two people the party nominated to serve in the cabinet. Senator Vicente Sotto, chairman of a committee scrutinizing cabinet appointments, said it had conducted an  exhaustive deliberation  then held a vote.  The weight of the scales ultimately tipped the balance against the confirmation of the appointee,  Sotto told Senate. He did not elaborate on the reason for the rejection but it came a few months after the government canceled formal peace talks with the communist rebels.  Duterte wants to strike a peace deal with the communists but has been angered by continued violence. He says their demands are excessive and he has already made concessions.     Mariano, speaking to reporters after the hearing, denounced  big landlords, oligarchs, businessmen and big corporations , saying they may have prevailed with his rejection but the farmers would win in the end.  I may have failed to get the confirmation today but I will not stop serving our farmers,  he said. Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella expressed regret over Mariano s removal, saying he had promoted farmers  rights and welfare and ensured their security of land tenure. ",1
20894,"Slovakia respects EU court ruling on refugees, position unchanged: PM","BRATISLAVA (Reuters) - Slovakia respects the European Union s highest court decision to dismiss complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy but its negative position to refugee quotas will not change, Prime Minister Robert Fico said on Wednesday.  Our position on quotas does not change,  Fico said.  We will continue to work on having solidarity expressed in different ways other than forcing (on us) migrants from other countries that don t want to be here anyway.  ",1
20895,Germany says EU states must implement court ruling on migrants swiftly,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel welcomed a ruling by the European Union s highest court which said EU states must accept refugees and asylum seekers, and urged swift action from member states.  I always said to our eastern European partners that it is right to clarify questions legally if there is doubt. But now we can expect all European partners to stick to the ruling and implement the agreements without delay,  Gabriel said in a statement. The court earlier on Wednesday dismissed complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy. ",1
20896,Pope Francis plane shifts course to avoid Hurricane Irma,"ROME (Reuters) - Pope Francis flew out of Italy on Wednesday headed for Colombia, with his plane forced to change route because of Hurricane Irma, which is powering across the northern Caribbean. The Alitalia aircraft had been expected to fly over the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, but will instead shift south and cross the islands of Barbados, Grenada and Trinidad, a Vatican official said. Recent forecasts show that Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms in a century, will hit Puerto Rico later on Wednesday. Francis, making his 20th foreign trip as pontiff and his fifth to his native Latin America, will spend five days in Colombia to encourage a peace process that ended half a century of war between the state and the guerrilla group FARC. ",1
20897,Modi says India shares Myanmar's concern about 'extremist violence',"NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Wednesday that India shared Myanmar s concern about  extremist violence  in its Rakhine state, where a security force operation against Muslim rebels has sent about 125,000 people fleeing to Bangladesh. Modi spoke after talks with Myanmar s de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi during a visit aimed at expanding commercial ties as part of an  Act East  policy, and pushing back against Chinese influence.  Myanmar has come under international pressure after some 125,000 Rohingya Muslims fled from a surge of violence in Rakhine state, beginning with an Aug. 25 attack by Rohingya insurgents on dozens of police posts and an army base. The rebel attacks triggered a sweep by the Myanmar security forces, in which refugees and right groups say many innocent Rohingya have been targeted. Buddhist-majority Myanmar rejects accusations by refugees and rights groups that its armed forces have violated the rights of the mostly stateless Rohingya, saying the army and police are fighting  terrorists . Mostly Hindu India has faced years of attacks by Islamist militants.  Suu Kyi told a joint news conference at the presidential palace in the capital, Naypyitaw, that Myanmar was grateful for India s stance on the attack on her country and they could work together to face the challenge.  We would like to thank India particularly for its strong that it has taken with regard to terrorist threat that came to our country a couple of weeks ago,  she said in brief remarks.  We believe that together we can work to make sure that terrorism is not allowed to take root on our soil.  Modi said India and Myanmar had similar security interests in the region.    We share your concerns about extremist violence in Rakhine state and specially the violence against security forces and how innocent lives have been affected,  he said.    We hope that all the stakeholders together can find a way out in which the unity and territorial integrity of Myanmar is respected and at the same time we can have peace, justice dignity and democratic values for all.  Modi s government has taken a strong stance on an influx into India of some 40,000 Rohingya from Myanmar over the years, vowing last month to deport them all. That decision has drawn criticism from rights groups and prompted a petition in the Supreme Court to stop the government from doing so.         International concern, in particular from Muslim countries, is growing about the latest exodus of Rohingya. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has pressed world leaders to do more to help the population of roughly 1.1 million, saying they are facing genocide. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned on Tuesday of the risk of ethnic cleansing and regional destabilization. India is trying to boost economic ties with resource-rich Myanmar, with which it shares a 1,600-km (1,000-mile) border, to counter Chinese influence and step up links with a country it considers its gateway to Southeast Asia. Two-way trade has grown to about $2.2 billion as India courts Myanmar following the gradual end of military rule, but Indian-funded projects have moved slowly. India recently started exporting diesel to Myanmar via a land route, in a boost to Modi s pledge to enhance hydrocarbon trade with neighbors.. ",1
20898,China brushes off Vietnam protests over South China Sea drills,"HANOI (Reuters) - China on Wednesday dismissed Vietnamese condemnation of its military live-fire exercises in the disputed South China Sea, saying it was acting within its sovereign rights. China conducted the drills around the Paracel Islands, which Vietnam claims, prompting Vietnam to say it would  resolutely protect  its  legitimate rights  through peaceful means. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a regular briefing that China had done nothing wrong.  We hope the relevant side can regard the drills calmly and reasonably,  he said, without elaborating. China claims nearly all the South China Sea, through which an estimated $3 trillion in international trade passes each year. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines and Taiwan also have claims. Tension between China and neighboring Vietnam is at its highest in three years over the disputed waters. Vietnam suspended oil drilling in offshore waters that are also claimed by China in July under pressure from Beijing. China has appeared uneasy at Vietnam s efforts to rally Southeast Asian countries over the South China Sea as well as at its growing defense relationships with the United States, Japan and India. ",1
20899,"Russia, North Korea delegations may meet in Vladivostok: TASS cites Lavrov","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Delegations from Russia and North Korea may meet on the sidelines of an economic forum in the city of Vladivostok in Russia s far east this week, TASS news agency cited Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov as saying on Wednesday. He said the North Korean delegation was made up of economic officials, TASS reported. ",1
20900,"About 146,000 Rohingya have fled Myanmar violence to Bangladesh","YANGON (Reuters) - About 146,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled from violence in Myanmar after insurgent attacks on Aug. 25 sparked clashes with security forces and provoked a military counter-offensive, a U.N. source said on Wednesday. This bring to 233,000 the total number of Rohingya who have sought refuge in Bangladesh since October, when Rohingya insurgents staged similar, but smaller attacks on security posts.  ",1
20901,South Korea's Moon seeks Russia's cooperation over cut in North Korea oil supplies: Yonhap,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s President Moon Jae-in on Wednesday said a cut in oil supplies to North Korea was inevitable, and he had asked Russia to cooperate, South Korea s Yonhap news agency reported from Vladivostok. Moon is in Russia and held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday. A Blue House spokesman was unable to confirm the report immediately. ",1
20902,"EU court dismisses Hungary, Slovak case against taking refugees","LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - The European Union s top court dismissed complaints on Wednesday by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy, upholding Brussels  right to force member states to take in asylum seekers. In the latest twist to a divisive dispute that broke out two years ago when over a million migrants poured across the Mediterranean, the European Court of Justice found that the EU was entitled to order national governments to take in quotas of mainly Syrian refugees relocated from Italy and Greece.  The court dismisses the actions brought by Slovakia and Hungary against the provisional mechanism for the mandatory relocation of asylum seekers,  the Luxembourg-based court said in a statement.  The mechanism actually contributes to enabling Greece and Italy to deal with the impact of the 2015 migration crisis and is proportionate.  The programme set up by the executive European Commission was approved by majority vote of member states in the face of opposition from formerly communist countries in the east who said their societies could not absorb mainly Muslim immigrants. It provided for the relocation of up to 160,000 people, but only some 25,000 have so far been moved.  ",1
20903,China is key to resolving North Korean nuclear issue: UK defense minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - China holds the key to resolving the North Korean nuclear crisis and must do more to use all its influence and levers to deal with its neighbor, British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said on Wednesday.  China holds the key, the oil to North Korea flows from China ... China has not just influence but has many of the levers that are needed to change behavior in North Korea,  Fallon told BBC radio.  (U.S. Defence) Secretary (Jim) Mattis and I and others across the administration are very clear that we have to absolutely exhaust every possible diplomatic avenue to get this situation under control now, that means working intensively in New York over the next few days to get a new (UN) resolution, it means looking at the existing sanctions and making sure they are properly enforced...  Above all it means putting more pressure on China to deal with its neighbor.   ",1
20904,"Protesters storm Philippines mining event, demand halt to extraction","MANILA (Reuters) - Around 300 protesters clashed with security on Wednesday at a Manila hotel where an annual mining conference was being held, demanding that mineral extraction be halted due to the environmental destruction caused.  The rally comes a day after President Rodrigo Duterte declared he s supporting a ban on open-pit mining in the Southeast Asian nation, a move that could constrict supply from the world s top nickel ore exporter.  Words are not enough, he must act on it,  lawyer Aaron Pedrosa of Sanlakas (One Force), an activist political group that was among the protesters, told reporters.   We are here to express our opposition to mining in our country and the failure of mining companies to rehabilitate mining areas,  Pedrosa said.  Anti-mining protests are a fixture at mining industry events in the Philippines. Some of the protesters, clad in business suits, managed to get past hotel security and into the lobby where they held up placards denouncing mining. Outside the hotel, other protesters, including those from tribal communities, chanted and held streamers saying  Stop Mining Plunder  and  No to Large-Scale Mining . The hotel was locked down for at least an hour.  Mining is a contentious issue in largely underexplored Philippines following past examples of environmental mismanagement. In 1996, for instance, a tailings leak at Canadian-owned Marcopper Mining Corp s copper mine in Marinduque contaminated rivers. The sector contributes less than 1 percent to the economy, with only 3 percent of the 9 million hectares identified by the state as having high mineral reserves being mined, according to government data.  Last month, lawmakers allied with Duterte filed a bill seeking to ban mining in watershed areas and exports of unprocessed ores. The bill would also require miners to get legislative approval before operating. The move comes after a 10-month mining crackdown led by former Environment Secretary Regina Lopez, who ordered the closure or suspension of 26 of the country s 41 mines and banned open-pit mining.  Lopez failed to be confirmed in her post by lawmakers and was replaced in May by Roy Cimatu, a former soldier who has so far not reversed any of her previous measures.  Gerard Brimo, president of top Philippine nickel ore producer Nickel Asia Corp, said the industry would like to show Duterte old mines that have been rehabilitated, including open pits. Open-pit extraction is allowed under a Philippine mining law and is widely used in the country where most ore is near the surface and low grade.  If you want minerals and metals ... that s the reality. That s the case in the Philippines as it is all over the world. But the other reality is that it can be rehabilitated.       ",1
20905,South Korea's Moon says he and Putin share understanding on North Korea,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s President Moon Jae-in said on Wednesday he and Russian President Vladimir Putin shared an understanding that resolving the North Korea nuclear issue is a top priority for development in East Asia. Moon, making the comments at a joint media conference with Putin after a meeting in Russia, said the Russian president expressed his full support for South Korea s efforts to handle issues related to North Korea. Moon and Putin met on the sidelines of an Eastern Economic Forum in the Russian city of Vladivostok, that began on Wednesday.  (Story refiles to add dropped word  he  in headline.) ",1
20906,"Putin, after meeting South Korean leader, calls for talks on North Korea crisis","VLADIVOSTOK, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin held talks with his South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in on Wednesday after which he condemned North Korea s missile testing and called for talks to try to resolve the crisis. Putin, speaking in the Russian Pacific port city of Vladivostok, said it was not possible to resolve the North Korean crisis with just sanctions and pressure alone. Pyongyang s nuclear and missile program was a flagrant violation of United Nations resolutions, said Putin.   Without political and diplomatic tools, it is impossible to make headway in the current situation; to be more precise, it is impossible at all,  Putin said at a joint news conference with his South Korean counterpart.  ",1
20907,Exclusive: Cambodia says opposition party could be barred from election,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s government has raised the possibility that the main opposition party could be ruled out of elections if it does not replace its leader, Kem Sokha, who has been charged with treason. The opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) has said it will not replace its leader and the comments reinforced its fears that Prime Minister Hun Sen plans to cripple it before next year s elections. The arrest of Kem Sokha on Sunday drew Western condemnation and marked an escalation in a crackdown on critics of Hun Sen, who has ruled for 30 years and could face possibly his toughest electoral challenge from the CNRP next year.  They have to appoint an acting president,  government spokesman Phay Siphan told Reuters on Tuesday.  If they don t comply with the law, they will not exist and have no right to political activity... It s their choice, not my choice.  Kem Sokha s daughter, Kem Monovithya, who is also a party official, said the party would not appoint a new leader. Kem Sokha was only named in February after his predecessor resigned in fear the party would be banned if he stayed on.  The ruling party can drop their divide-and-conquer plan now,  she said. Opposition officials accuse Hun Sen of trying to weaken or destroy the party ahead of the election, after it did well in June local elections, in which it nonetheless came well behind Hun Sen s Cambodia People s Party. Hun Sen, one of Asia s longest serving rulers, said on Wednesday there could be more arrests after  the act of treason  and it had reinforced the need for him to stay in office.  I ve decided to continue my work - not less than 10 years more,  he told garment factory workers, jabbing his finger in the air for emphasis. Kem Sokha became leader after opposition veteran Sam Rainsy resigned because of a new law that forbids any party having a leader who is found guilty of a crime. Sam Rainsy fled into exile to avoid a defamation conviction he says was political. Cambodian law says a political party has 90 days to replace a president if he or she dies, resigns or is convicted of an offence. Western countries have condemned the arrest of Kem Sokha and a crackdown on critics of Hun Sen, including independent media.  We don t care about people outside,  Phay Siphan said.  We care about our national security. We don t belong to anyone.  China, Hun Sen s close ally, has voiced support for Cambodia on steps to ensure its security. Kem Sokha was formally charged with treason on Tuesday. His lawyers have dismissed the evidence presented against him so far - a video publicly available since 2013 - in which he tells supporters he is getting support and advice from Americans for the campaign to win elections.      The government and the ruling CPP have manufactured these treason charges against Kem Sokha for political purposes, aiming to try and knock the political opposition out of the ring before the 2018 electoral contest even begins,  said Phil Robertson, deputy Asia director of New York-based Human Rights Watch. ",1
20908,Britain says to pursue balanced post-Brexit immigration policy,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will pursue a balanced policy on immigration once it has left the European Union by seeking to attract high-skilled workers while driving the overall numbers down, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said on Wednesday. The Guardian newspaper published a leaked government document late on Tuesday detailing plans to drive down the number of lower-skilled EU workers coming to Britain once it has left the EU in 2019.  We ll set out firm proposals later in the year,  Fallon told Sky News.  There is a balance to be struck, we want to attract to this country, not shut the door, on highly skilled people who want to come here and make a contribution to our society.   Equally we have to make sure that British companies are also prepared to train and train up British workers. The public are very clear, they want to see immigration not stopped but brought properly under control.   They also want to be clear that we implement what they voted for in the Brexit referendum.   ",1
20909,Hong Kong's vanishing archives and the battle to preserve history,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - For anyone digging into Hong Kong s history, the official archives might not be the place to look. The office of the chief executive, Hong Kong s leader, failed to hand over any official records at all for eight of the 20 years since it came under Chinese rule in 1997, according to the government department that manages the archives. The Security Bureau only did it for 10. Researchers say the problem is that Hong Kong, under roughly 150 years of British colonial rule and the first 20 years of Chinese rule, has never had a law regulating how government records should be kept or destroyed. As a result, the document retention that researchers see as necessary for keeping a record of the past has been somewhat spotty within Hong Kong. Under British rule, the archiving of documents in Hong Kong was also lax. In 1994 and 1995, for example, the Government House gave nothing to the archives.  But thanks to a constant flow of correspondence between the colonial government and London, Britain would have stored a copy of most official records, according to researchers. After the handover of Hong Kong to China in 1997, that back-up mechanism disappeared, leading to concerns that fragments of Hong Kong s history might slip away for good.  Unlike Hong Kong, China has a set of archive laws, under which officials failing to file records can face administrative sanctions, or face charges if the case constitutes a crime.  But researchers say that for any Hong Kong-related documents kept by China, access would be difficult. Simon Chu, the former head of the Government Records Service who has been advocating for an archives law, said that prior to 1997 researchers could count on finding records in Britain, even if they were lost in Hong Kong.  After 1997, you don t have this kind of luxury,  he said.    Connie Lo, a documentary director digging into the 1967 Communist-led riots in Hong Kong, found almost nothing on the subject in the government archives. She was, however, able to find material in Britain s National Archives for her film  Vanished Archives,  which premiered in Hong Kong this year. Fears over record retention were highlighted last year when the government of former Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying said it had kept no records of informal meetings with local groups over a controversial land development project.  Hong Kong s current leader, Carrie Lam, has said she places  great importance  on the integrity of government records, and that she supports passing an archives law. She said she would pursue a law after receiving a report from the Law Reform Commission, which is studying the issue. The commission, however, has been considering the issue for four years and only expects to start consultations on the subject next year.  Activists like Chu are anxious that records of sensitive information, such as government decisions during the 2014 pro-democracy street protests could be destroyed with impunity.   I m very pessimistic about that,  Chu said. One former senior government official, speaking on condition of anonymity, also admitted to throwing out some documents in order to protect a former top official. He declined to say what the documents contained. But he suggested the practice might be widespread in the civil service.  For some of the most sensitive issues, there would not even be a record,  he said. The Government Records Service said it received 25 reports of unauthorized destruction of records in the past six years, and disciplinary actions were taken against four officers in four cases. ",1
20910,Irma heads west-northwest as it passes over Caribbean island of Barbuda,"(Reuters) - The eye of Hurricane Irma was passing over the Caribbean island of Barbuda, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said in its latest advisory on Wednesday. The hurricane was about 40 miles (65 km) north of Antigua with maximum sustained winds of 185 mph (295 kph), the NHC said.  Irma is moving toward the west-northwest near 15 miles per hour (24 kph) and this motion is expected to continue for the next couple of days,  it added. ",1
20911,FBI says witnesses in U.S. probe into Malaysia's 1MDB fear for safety,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Potential witnesses to the multi-billion dollar scandal at 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) are afraid to speak with U.S. investigators as they fear for their safety, the Federal Bureau of Investigation says. A total of $4.5 billion was misappropriated from 1MDB by high-level officials of the fund and their associates, according to dozens of civil lawsuits filed by the U.S Justice Department in the past two years. 1MDB is at the center of money-laundering probes in at least six countries, including the United States, Switzerland and Singapore. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak set up 1MDB in 2009 and served as chairman of its advisory board until last year. He has denied any wrongdoing. The Prime Minister s office and 1MDB did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the FBI claims. In a federal court filing in Los Angeles, the FBI requested that the names of its informants in the case be kept secret, after many expressed concerns of retaliation if they were found to have been in contact with the U.S. government. Individuals otherwise willing to provide information on the case have also told investigators that they were afraid that they would  place the safety and security of both themselves and their families at serious risk , according to a declaration in the filing by FBI agent special agent Robert Heuchling. The agent said identifying witnesses could result in intimidation or threaten their safety, citing Malaysian news reports of local officials and politicians who have been arrested for purportedly disclosing information linked to 1MDB. The agent cited Malaysian press reports from Aug 30 that said the driver of former Malaysian Attorney-General Abdul Gani Patail was shot in public as a possible warning against assisting the U.S government in the case. Abdul Gani had led investigations on 1MDB until he was replaced in 2015. Last month, the U.S. Justice Department asked for a stay on its civil lawsuits seeking to seize more than $1 billion in assets allegedly bought with stolen 1MDB funds because it was conducting a related criminal probe. The lawsuits filed by the department allege that the funds were stolen in four phases. The lawsuits say those involved included Malaysian financier Low Taek Jho, also known as Jho Low, Najib s stepson Riza Aziz, and Khadem al Qubaisi, the former managing director of Abu Dhabi s International Petroleum Investment Co. The trusts holding the assets on behalf of Low, Aziz, al Qubaisi and their families have opposed the request to put the civil proceedings on hold. The Low trusts have asked the United States to provide the identities of witnesses, sources of evidence, and thousands of documents that are relevant to the criminal investigation, the FBI said. The Justice Department has sought to seize a total of about $1.7 billion in assets that it said were bought with misappropriated 1MDB funds. The lawsuits also claim that $681 million in 1MDB funds found its way into the personal accounts of so-called Malaysian Official 1, who Malaysian and U.S. officials have identified as Najib. He was cleared of any wrongdoing in a Malaysian investigation. Low did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the FBI filing and he has previously denied any wrongdoing in the 1MDB case, saying that the Justice Department s actions were  a further example of global overreach in pursuit of a deeply flawed case.  ",1
20912,"Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala urge protections for U.S. 'Dreamers'","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico and Central American countries they will lobby U.S. lawmakers to protect young illegal immigrants who saw their lives thrown into limbo on Tuesday after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would end a program that shields them from deportation.  Trump announced plans to halt the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that has protected from deportation nearly 800,000 young men and women who entered the United States illegally as children. Mexico s deputy foreign minister, Carlos Sada, said Trump s decision created  anxiety, anguish and fear  for the roughly 625,000 Mexican nationals protected under the program.  They are exceptional. ... This is as emotional for the United States as for Mexico,  Sada said at a news conference immediately following the announcement to end the program.  He said his government would press U.S. lawmakers for a quick solution to the uncertainty that  Dreamers,  as they are commonly called, now face in their adopted home. Immigrants who opt to return to Mexico will be welcomed with  open arms,  Sada said, offering them assistance with work, finances and education. The announcement to end DACA, created by former President Barack Obama in a 2012 executive order, came during the final day of talks in the Mexican capital to modernize the North American Free Trade Agreement, adding pressure to already tense conversations between Mexico and the United States. El Salvador s foreign relations minister, Hugo Martinez, said he would meet with U.S. Congress members to find a solution within the next six months, before DACA s provisions are set to end, aiming to protect the 30,000 to 60,000 Salvadorans who could be affected.  It s a worrisome situation. ... We will be lobbying to have legislation as soon as possible that opens a way out,  Martinez said. Guatemala s foreign relations ministry said in a statement that it is counting on the  humanitarian sensibilities  of U.S. lawmakers to ensure thousands of Guatemalans are not forced to leave the country where many grew up. Honduras said in a statement that it would push U.S. Congress to reconsider Trump s move, and offer consular support for more than 18,500 Hondurans protected by DACA. The director of a Honduras migrant aid center, the Center for Attention for Honduran Migrants, called the U.S. decision  very sad,  and said young Hondurans forced to return home could face violence from gangs and drug traffickers.  Their lives will be much more difficult and put at enormous risk,  said Valdette Willeman, the center s director. (For graphic on Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, click tmsnrt.rs/2wC83sF) ",1
20913,Mexican families of 'Dreamers' tell them to keep fighting,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Yolanda Varona is encouraging her children and thousands of other young Mexicans who may lose their right to live in the United States to stay and fight to achieve their American Dream. Varona is the mother of two of the 800,000 people, most of them Mexicans, who could face deportation after U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday eliminated the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program (DACA). DACA gave work permits to people known as  Dreamers  who were brought to the United States illegally as children by immigrants like Varona. Trump scrapped the Obama-era program, but delayed implementation until March to give Congress a chance to draft an alternative. After Varona was deported in 2010 and separated from her two children in the United States, she set up a chapter of Dreamers  Moms in the border city of Tijuana.  The group, founded in the United States by parents of Dreamers and other activists, has organized legal education workshops for immigrants across the United States. The Tijuana chapter has 80 mothers whose children in the United States could lose the legal protection that originally convinced them to risk registering with the U.S. government to join DACA.   We want them to keep fighting, they can achieve better things there,  Varona said by telephone.  In the unfortunate case that the police arrive to deport them, we will be there to help them.  Varona said Trump s decision would drive young people to  live in the shadows  again. She stressed how difficult it was for these youths to return to Mexico, where they have lost family ties and sometimes do not speak the language. Some 625,000 young Mexicans are enrolled under DACA. The Mexican government has offered them legal support and help finding work should they be deported from the United States.  But many Dreamers fear returning to an unfamiliar, violence-plagued country offering salaries that are a fraction of what they can earn in the United States.   Iliana Flores, a 28-year-old Dreamer in San Diego, across the border from Tijuana, said she was afraid of taking her two young, American-born children back to Mexico, where she said they would not receive a good education and would be surrounded by poverty and violence.   I fear for the future of my children there,  she said. Like millions of Mexicans living in the United States, Flores sends part of the U.S. dollars she earns back to her family, who live in Durango, to help them make ends meet.   The situation in Mexico is unfortunately very difficult,  she said. The U.S.-Mexico border is home to the largest per capita wage differential of any land border on the planet, with average U.S. wages about five times higher than those in Mexico. Carlos Martinez, a young man who came with his parents to California at the age of 11, said he feared he would expose his two children to rising violence and extortion if he was to return to Mexico. The murder rate in Mexico hit a record high this year, reaching levels not seen in homicide data going back two decades.   To be honest, I m afraid to live in what was once my country,  Martinez said. ",1
20914,South Korea's Moon says North Korean provocations complicate situation on Korean peninsula,"VLADIVOSTOK, Russia (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in told his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, on Wednesday that the situation on the Korean peninsula was complicated because of provocations by North Korea. The leaders met on the sidelines of an economic summit in the Russian far eastern city of Vladivostok as international concerns grow over Pyongyang s powerful nuclear test at the weekend. Moon added that the situation could become unpredictable if North Korea did not halt its provocative actions, according to a Russian translation of his comments in Korean to Putin. ",1
20915,Japan PM says North Korea has 'no bright future' if it continues current path,TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Wednesday that he wants North Korea to understand it has  no bright future  if it continues on its current path and that the reclusive country needs to change its policies. Abe told reporters he wants to discuss the North Korea situation with Russian President Vladimir Putin and South Korean President Moon Jae In separately when they meet this week in Vladivostok. Abe and Putin are also expected to discuss economic cooperation and a peace treaty between the two nations. ,1
20916,Billionaire Branson to ride out Hurricane Irma on Necker Island,"(Reuters) - British billionaire and adventurer Sir Richard Branson will stay on his private Caribbean island, Necker, for the potentially devastating arrival of Hurricane Irma, the founder of the Virgin group of companies said on Tuesday. Packing 185 mph (295 kph) winds, Hurricane Irma is due to reach the British Virgin Islands on Wednesday before grinding west across Haiti and Cuba then heading for the southern United States. The storm is classified as a Category 5 hurricane, the highest level on the scale used by the National Hurricane Center to measure strength.       We had some lovely guests staying on Necker Island who have cut their trip short for safety reasons, and another group of guests have also postponed,  Branson said in a statement on the Virgin Group website.  I will be on Necker alongside our team, as I have been on the three times we have had hurricanes over the past 30 years.  Necker, which has a large main house and several small Balinese-style houses that can accommodate about 34 people in total, is rented to private groups for $80,000 a night, according to its website. The island has more than 100 staff and two infinity pools. Branson said Necker boasts  really strong  buildings with hurricane blinds  that should be able to handle extreme weather pretty well.  He said their main concern was for British Virgin Islanders, who should make themselves as prepared as possible.  Whatever happens, keep inside, away from the ocean and away from flying debris,  Branson wrote. Recalling seeing two powerful hurricanes, Earl and Otto, strike the British Virgin Islands in 2010, Branson said he had beheld nature  at its most ferocious.  And he noted the damage done in Texas and Louisiana by Hurricane Harvey, which came ashore as the second-strongest Category 4 storm and destroyed thousands of homes and businesses, killed an estimated 60 people and displaced more than 1 million more. Harvey was a  tragic and costly reminder  that society is not doing enough to tackle climate change, Branson wrote.  If Irma is any indication, we must brace ourselves for more of these catastrophic weather events.  ",1
20917,Hurricane Irma swirling very close to Leeward Islands: NHC,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma is moving very close to the northern Leeward Islands and the category 5 storm is expected to move over sections of the Caribbean islands by Tuesday night or early Wednesday, the U.S. National Hurricane Center (NHC) said. The  potentially catastrophic  hurricane was about 50 miles (75 km) east-southeast of Barbuda, with maximum sustained winds of 185 miles per hour (295 kph), the NHC said. ",1
20918,Mexican presidential hopeful Lopez Obrador says he would revise oil contracts,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - If elected, Mexican presidential candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador will review oil contracts signed after historic reforms in the sector, the leftist politician said on Tuesday. The 63-year-old leads various polls ahead of next year s presidential election, and opponents looking to keep him out of office denounce him as a populist who would seek to emulate Venezuela s socialist government. Mexico opened up its energy sector with sweeping reforms in 2013 and 2014 to give investors the chance to participate in oil exploration and extraction. It has held auctions for sites on land as well as in shallow and deep water, in its efforts to boost energy production.  We will intervene because we don t want to end up not producing petroleum,  Lopez Obrador said in a speech at the Wilson Center in Washington, D.C.  The fall in production must be stopped   if not, we will end up buying crude oil, and we can t have that. We are going to intervene quickly and we are going to review the contracts.  The leader and founder of the political party Morena did not specify the form of the intervention. But he said he would not trust those who had signed the contracts for Mexico and would ensure the pacts were favorable for the country.  We are not going to act in an arbitrary way, we are going to be respectful of the law, but we will review the contracts,  Lopez Obrador said.  Everything related to Pemex must be public business - their profits are for the Mexican people and we must look after them. It is not an ideological matter, it is not a political matter.  Mexican crude production hovers around 2 million barrels per day, off a height of 3.4 million in 2004. Authorities have said after the reform production would increase gradually over several years. The reform had not lived up to its promise, said Lopez Obrador, adding that his industry plan included a refining stimulus, through the modernization of six of state-run oil company Pemex s refineries in Mexico. He also called for two more refineries to be built so that Mexico would not have to continue importing more than half the gasoline it consumes.    We sell crude oil and we buy gasoline, and it s necessary to pay a surcharge of 30 percent just for the freight, money that could be saved if the gasoline was made in Mexico,  Lopez Obrador said.  ",1
20919,Brazil former presidents Lula and Rousseff charged in corruption case,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s top prosecutor on Tuesday charged former Presidents Luis Inacio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff along with fellow  Workers Party members with forming a criminal organization, the latest accusations in Brazil s sprawling corruption scandal. The prosecutor, Rodrigo Janot, alleged that eight members of the Workers Party, including Lula and Rousseff, committed a series of crimes involving state-owned oil firm Petrobras such as cartel formation, corruption and money laundering. They were the first criminal charges to be leveled against Rousseff, who was impeached in 2016 for breaking budgetary laws. The 230-page document filed with the Supreme Court accused Lula of heading the organization. Lula s lawyer said the law was being misused to persecute the former president. The Workers Party said in a statement that the charges were baseless and being used to divert attention from other investigations, including one into a former federal prosecutor, referring to a case Janot announced on Monday. A representative for Rousseff said the prosecutor s office had offered no evidence of the crimes and called on the Supreme Court to guarantee the right to defend against them.  Lula, who is still Brazil s most popular politician, is appealing a corruption conviction that would bar him from running for president in 2018. He faces four other corruption trials. The charges stem from the Operation Car Wash investigation that uncovered a cartel of companies paying bribes to officials to secure Petrobras contracts, revelations that have spawned a host of investigations that has shaken Brazil s political system and economy. ",1
20920,Germans content with national direction ahead of vote: survey,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germans are far more satisfied with the direction of their country and less politically polarized than other European nations, a survey showed on Wednesday, underscoring why Angela Merkel is expected to win a new term as chancellor this month. The survey by the Bertelsmann Foundation showed that 59 percent of Germans believe their country is headed in the right direction. Some 77 percent say their personal economic situation has improved or stayed the same over the past two years, while 80 percent describe themselves as political centerists. The results contrast with other European countries where dissatisfaction with the economy and political establishment has led to a surge in support for populist parties on the right and left in recent years. By contrast, German voters seem keen for continuity. Merkel is widely expected to win a record-tying fourth term on Sept. 24, with polls showing her center-right bloc 13-15 percentage points ahead of its closest rival, the Social Democrats (SPD).  These findings point to a highly content and status quo oriented German society and contrast starkly with the situation elsewhere in Europe,  the authors Catherine de Vries and Isabell Hoffmann said. In Italy, for example, just 13 percent of respondents said they were satisfied with the direction of their country. In France and Britain, satisfaction levels stood at 36 and 31 percent, respectively. The average satisfaction level across the 28 countries in the EU was 36 percent. Both Germany and France showed sharp increases in satisfaction levels over the past months. In a survey conducted in March, before young centrist Emmanuel Macron was elected president, just 12 percent of French said their country was headed in the right direction. German satisfaction levels stood at 32 percent in March. Among the big European countries, France was the most politically polarized, with just 51 percent of respondents describing themselves as centrist. Some 24 percent identified as left or extreme left, while 25 percent described themselves as right or extreme right. In Germany, just 13 percent of respondents described themselves as left or extreme left, and only 7 percent as right or extreme right. The Bertelsmann survey was conducted in July and based on interviews with 10,755 Europeans in all EU member states. ",1
20921,U.N. enacts sanctions against anyone hindering Mali peace,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council established a Mali sanctions regime on Tuesday that allows the body to blacklist anyone who violates or obstructs a 2015 peace deal, hinders the delivery of aid, commits human rights abuses or recruits child soldiers. Anyone added to the blacklist would be subjected to a global travel ban or asset freeze, according to the French-drafted resolution, which was unanimously adopted by the 15-member Security Council.  We do see the sanctions as an additional tool in order to promote the peace agreement,  French U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre told the Security Council.  Time is not on our side and the peace agreement in Mali is one of the keys to stabilization of the regional situation in the Sahel.    The vast, arid Sahel region has in recent years become a breeding ground for jihadist groups   some linked to al Qaeda and Islamic State   that European countries, particularly France, fear could threaten Europe if left unchecked. A 2015 peace deal signed by Mali s government and separatist groups has failed to stop violence in northern Mali by Islamist militants, who have also staged assaults on high-profile targets in the capital Bamako, Burkina Faso and Ivory Coast. French forces intervened in 2013 to drive back Islamist fighters who had hijacked the Tuareg uprising to seize Mali s desert north in 2012. The U.N. Security Council then deployed peacekeepers to the country.  Attacks on U.N. troops have made it the world body s deadliest peacekeeping mission. Anyone who attacks peacekeepers could be blacklisted by the Security Council.  The United Nations said two peacekeepers were killed and two seriously injured on Tuesday in an attack on their convoy in the Kidal region.  ",1
20922,Brazil Congress advances bill to curb party proliferation,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s lower house of Congress on Tuesday gave initial approval to a bill to reduce the huge array of political parties that have made it hard to govern the country and contributed to corruption. The chamber voted 384-16 for the establishment of a minimum national vote threshold that parties must reach to get public funding and free radio and television time for their election campaigns. The requirement would be 1.5 percent of votes in 2018, rising to 3 percent in 2030.  The constitutional amendment must be approved twice in each chamber of Congress by Oct. 7 to apply in next year s general elections. The proliferation of parties has forced Brazilian governments to forge unwieldy coalitions to stay in power by distributing jobs, influence and pork barrel spending, which critics say has provided fertile ground for graft. Small parties facing extinction opposed the vote threshold, which they said would favor larger established parties and hinder renewal of Brazil s scandal-plagued political class. The amendment also seeks to do away with the loose, ad hoc coalitions that parties often form on an election-by-election basis, regardless of ideology or platform.  Brazil currently has 35 political parties, 28 of which are represented in Congress. One of them, the Brazilian Women s Party, has only one federal lawmaker, who is a man. Brazil s public funding model has encouraged the founding of new parties, several of them with no clear platforms. There are currently 67 requests to register new parties, according to Brazil s top electoral court. A sweeping three-year-old probe of endemic corruption in Brazil has uncovered a web of political bribes and kickbacks implicating dozens of politicians, including President Michel Temer and a quarter of his cabinet. Next week lawmakers will vote on a separate amendment creating a new fund of taxpayer money to finance campaigns. That amendment would also replace a system of party lists to elect congressmen with races in which individual candidates with the most votes would win office. ",1
20923,Putin: Russia reserves right to cut further U.S. diplomatic mission,"XIAMEN, China (Reuters) - Russia reserves the right to cut further the number of U.S. diplomatic staff in Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday, in response to what he called Washington s  boorish  treatment of Russia s diplomatic mission on U.S. soil. Speaking after U.S. officials ordered Russia to vacate diplomatic premises in several American cities, Putin said he would order the Russian foreign ministry to take legal action over alleged violations of Russia s property rights.  That the Americans reduced the number of our diplomatic facilities - this is their right,  Putin told a news conference in the Chinese city of Xiamen, where he was attending a summit of major emerging economies.  The only thing is that it was done in such a clearly boorish manner. That does not reflect well on our American partners. But it s difficult to conduct a dialogue with people who confuse Austria and Australia. Nothing can be done about it. Probably such is the level of political culture of a certain part of the U.S. establishment.   As for our buildings and facilities, this is an unprecedented thing,  Putin said.  This is a clear violation of Russia s property rights. Therefore, for a start, I will order the Foreign Ministry to go to court - and let s see just how efficient the much-praised U.S. judiciary is.  A U.S. State Department official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Washington hoped to avoid further retaliatory actions with Moscow, but was   confident in the legality  of the consular closure and restrictions ordered last week. U.S. President Donald Trump took office in January, saying he wanted to improve ties with Russia. Putin also spoke favorably of Trump. But relations have been damaged by accusations from U.S. intelligence officials that Russia sought to meddle in the presidential election. Russia has denied interfering in the vote. Asked by a reporter if he was disappointed with Trump, Putin said:  Whether I am disappointed or not, your question sounds very naive - he is not my bride and, likewise, I am neither his bride nor bridegroom.   We are both statesmen. Every nation has interests of its own. In his activities, Trump is guided by the national interests of his country, and I by the interests of mine.   I greatly hope that we will be able, just as the current U.S. president said, to find some compromises while resolving bilateral and international problems ... taking into account our joint responsibility for international security.  The U.S. order for Russia to vacate some of its diplomatic  properties was the latest in a series of tit-for-tat actions that began when former U.S. president Barack Obama, late last year, expelled 35 Russian diplomats. The Obama administration said it was retaliating for Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election. In July, Moscow responded, ordering the United States to cut the number of its diplomatic and technical staff working in Russia by around 60 percent, to 455. Moscow said the move aimed to bring the number of U.S. and Russian diplomats working on each other s soil to parity. But Putin said the latest expulsions ordered by Washington brought the number of Russian diplomats on U.S. soil to below parity.  He said the United States was erroneously counting 155 Russian diplomats working at the United Nations headquarters in New York as being Russian diplomats on U.S. soil. If they are removed from the equation, Putin said, Russia has fewer than 455 diplomats in the United States.  We reserve the right to take a decision on the number of U.S. diplomats in Moscow. But we won t do that for now. Let s wait and see how the situation develops further,  he said. The United States has ordered the closure of the Russian consulate in San Francisco and two buildings housing trade missions in Washington and New York.  U.S.-Russian relations have also been badly strained by Moscow s annexation of Crimea in 2014 and the subsequent separatist conflict in eastern Ukraine, developments which led Washington to impose economic sanctions on Russia. Trump, himself battling allegations that his associates colluded with Russia, grudgingly signed into law the new sanctions against Moscow that had been drawn up by Congress. ",1
20924,Key U.S. senator says time not right for new North Korea legislation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Any U.S. response to North Korea s latest nuclear weapons test is unlikely to include new sanctions legislation from the U.S. Congress, at least in the short term, an influential lawmaker said on Tuesday. Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said the tensions with Pyongyang were  so heightened  that he thought it would be more appropriate for lawmakers to wait.  I don t think rushing out right now legislatively is probably the place we need to be,  Corker told reporters at the U.S. Capitol. As part of an agreement on a broad sanctions bill that passed in July, members of Congress had agreed to consider additional, more stringent, sanctions on North Korea after returning to Washington after their August recess. For example, some lawmakers have been pushing for legislation to impose  secondary  sanctions targeting banks that do business with North Korea. A top North Korean diplomat warned on Tuesday that his country was ready to send  more gift packages  to the United States as world powers struggled for a response to Sunday s weapons test, the latest in a series. Senior officials from President Donald Trump s administrations, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, are due to hold classified briefings on Wednesday for the House of Representatives and Senate to discuss North Korea and Afghanistan. ",1
20925,Florida insurers shares tumble as Hurricane Irma looms,"(Reuters) - Shares of Florida home insurers, including Heritage Insurance Holdings, tumbled on Tuesday and many extended losses later in the day as Hurricane Irma appeared set to hit Florida on Saturday, causing investors to brace for losses.  HCI Group shares posted their biggest-ever one-day percentage drop, falling 20.0 percent at $30.94 and hitting the lowest level since November. Trading volume was 11.6 times the stock s 10-day moving average. Heritage shares hit record lows and closed down 17.0 percent at $9.35 with trading volume 7.0 times the stock s 10-day moving average. Universal Insurance Holdings Inc shares tumbled 14.6 percent in the biggest one-day percentage drop since November 2015. Irma strengthened to a highly dangerous Category 5 storm, with winds of 185 mph, as it barreled toward the Caribbean and the southern United States, threatening deadly winds, storm surges and flooding.   If Irma continues its current path it will create significant insured damage,  said Sandler O Neill analyst Paul Newsome.  It s quite easy for them to wipe out all their earnings for the year.      Shares of United Insurance Holdings fell 7.2 percent, hitting their lowest point since February. Trading volume was 8.1 times the 10-day moving average. Larger insurance companies with a broader geographic exposure were also lower after tumbling last week on expectations of massive losses from Hurricane Harvey, which devastated parts of Texas and Louisiana. Travelers Co was down 3.7 percent after a 5 percent drop last week, and Progressive Corp was down 3.4 percent after falling 5.7 percent last week. Chubb Ltd fell 2.6 percent. Another big hurricane in the same year  adds another level of financial losses even for the big companies with enormous capital bases,  Newsome said. A second hurricane  strains the system  as insurers will have a harder time getting enough people to do loss adjustments in order to settle claims as quickly as possible, he said. ",1
20926,Bodies of 16 migrants found in Libya's eastern desert: official,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Libyan security forces said on Tuesday that the bodies of 16 migrants had been found in the desert near the country s border with Egypt.   The bodies were found about 310 km (190 miles) southwest of the coastal city of Tobruk, said Ahmed al-Mismari, spokesman for the eastern-based Libyan National Army. He said the area was still being searched and no more details were available about the migrants  identities. In the past, patrols and rescuers have recovered the bodies of Egyptian migrants who have perished after being stranded or abandoned by smugglers in Libya s eastern desert.  Some migrate to Libya to search for work, and some try to reach Europe by boat.  ",1
20927,"Myanmar's Suu Kyi under pressure as almost 125,000 Rohingya flee violence","SHAMLAPUR, Bangladesh/DHAKA (Reuters) - Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi came under more pressure on Tuesday to halt violence against Rohingya Muslims that has sent nearly 125,000 of them fleeing over the border to Bangladesh in just over 10 days. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned of the risk of ethnic cleansing and regional destabilization. He   urged the U.N. Security Council to press for restraint and calm in a rare letter to express concern that the violence could spiral into a  humanitarian catastrophe.  Reuters reporters saw hundreds more exhausted Rohingya arriving on boats near the Bangladeshi border village of Shamlapur on Tuesday, suggesting the exodus was far from over. The International Organization for Migration said humanitarian assistance needed to increase urgently and that     it and partner agencies had an immediate funding gap of $18 million over the next three months to boost lifesaving services for the new arrivals. Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi said after meeting Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina in Dhaka that Jakarta was ready to help Bangladesh in dealing with the crisis.  This humanitarian crisis shall be ended. I want to repeat, this humanitarian crisis shall be ended , she told reporters in Dhaka, a day after she held talks in the Myanmar capital. The latest violence in Myanmar s northwestern Rakhine state began on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked dozens of police posts and an army base. The ensuing clashes and a military counter-offensive have killed at least 400 people and triggered the exodus of villagers to Bangladesh. Myanmar officials blamed Rohingya militants for the burning of homes and civilian deaths, but rights monitors and Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh say the Myanmar army is trying to force them out with a campaign of arson and killings. When asked if the violence could be described as ethnic cleansing, Guterres told reporters on Tuesday:  We are facing a risk, I hope we don t get there.   I appeal to all, all authorities in Myanmar, civilian authorities and military authorities, to indeed put an end to this violence that, in my opinion, is creating a situation that can destabilize the region,  he said. The treatment of Buddhist-majority Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Muslim Rohingya is the biggest challenge facing Suu Kyi, who has been accused by Western critics of not speaking out for the minority that has long complained of persecution. Myanmar says its security forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against  terrorists.   H.T. Imam, a political adviser to Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, said other countries from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations could join Indonesia in putting pressure on fellow member Myanmar. Malaysia, another ASEAN member, summoned Myanmar s ambassador to express displeasure over the violence and scolded Myanmar for making  little, if any  progress on the problem.  Malaysia believes that the matter of sustained violence and discrimination against the Rohingyas should be elevated to a higher international forum,  Malaysian Foreign Minister Anifah Aman said in a statement. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, who has said the violence against Rohingyas constituted genocide, told Suu Kyi the violence was of deep concern to the Muslim world, and that he was sending his foreign minister to Bangladesh. Pakistan, home to a large Rohingya community, has expressed  deep anguish  over the situation. About 210,000 Rohingya have sought refuge in Bangladesh since October, when Rohingya insurgents staged smaller attacks on security posts, triggering a major Myanmar army counter-offensive. Refugees arriving in Shamlapur, and residents of the village, said hundreds of boats arrived on Monday and Tuesday with several thousand people. Reuters reporters saw men, women and children with a few possessions, including chickens, disembark from one boat.  The army set fire to houses,  said Salim Ullah, 28, a farmer from Myanmar s village of Kyauk Pan Du, gripping a sack of belongings.  We got on the boat at daybreak. I came with my mother, wife and two children. There were 40 people on the boat.  The new arrivals - many sick or wounded - have strained the resources of aid agencies and communities already helping hundreds of thousands of refugees from previous spasms of violence in Myanmar.     Vivian Tan, a spokeswoman for the U.N. refugee agency, UNHCR, said one camp in Bangladesh, Kutupalong, had reached  full capacity  and resources at others were stretched.  We are doing what we can, but will need to seek more resources,  Tan said. Bangladesh is concerned about Myanmar army activity on the border and would lodge a complaint if Bangladeshi territory was violated, an Interior Ministry official said. A Bangladesh border guard officer said two blasts were heard on Tuesday on the Myanmar side, after two on Monday fueled speculation Myanmar forces had laid land mines. One boy had his left leg blown off near a border crossing before being brought to Bangladesh for treatment, while another boy suffered minor injuries, the officer, Manzurul Hassan Khan, said, adding the blast could have been a mine explosion. The Myanmar army has not commented on the blasts but said in a statement on Tuesday that Rohingya insurgents were planning bomb attacks in Myanmar cities including the capital, Naypyitaw, Yangon and Mandalay to  attract more attention from the world . ",1
20928,U.N. chief warns Myanmar violence could destabilize region,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres appealed to Myanmar authorities on Tuesday to end violence against Rohingya Muslims in the country s Rakhine state, warning of the risk of ethnic cleansing and regional destabilization.  He also urged the Security Council to press for restraint and calm, sending the 15-member body a rare letter to express concern that the violence could spiral into a  humanitarian catastrophe with implications for peace and security that could continue to expand beyond Myanmar s borders.  Nearly 125,00 Rohingya Muslims have fled to Bangladesh from Myanmar s northwestern Rakhine state since the violence began on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked dozens of police posts and an army base. The ensuing clashes and a military counter-offensive have killed at least 400 people.  When asked if the violence could be described as ethnic cleansing, Guterres told reporters on Tuesday:  We are facing a risk, I hope we don t get there.   I appeal to all, all authorities in Myanmar, civilian authorities and military authorities, to indeed put an end to this violence that, in my opinion, is creating a situation that can destabilize the region,  he said. Myanmar says its security forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against  terrorists  responsible for a string of attacks on police posts and the army since last October. Myanmar officials blamed Rohingya militants for the burning of homes and civilian deaths but rights monitors and Rohingya fleeing to neighboring Bangladesh say the Myanmar army is trying to force them out with a campaign of arson and killings. The U.N. Security Council met behind closed doors last week to be briefed on the situation at the request of Britain.   If it continues to deteriorate then one of the things that we can do is to hold further meetings to shine a spotlight on the situation there,  Britain s U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said on Monday. The treatment of Buddhist-majority Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Muslim Rohingya is the biggest challenge facing leader Aung San Suu Kyi, accused by Western critics of not speaking out for the minority that has long complained of persecution. Under the rarely used Article 99 of the U.N. Charter, Guterres can  bring to the attention of the Security Council any matter which in his opinion may threaten the maintenance of international peace and security.  While Guterres  letter does not specifically involve Article 99, he writes that  the international community has a responsibility to undertake concerted efforts to prevent further escalation of the crisis.  ",1
20929,Spanish auditors demand Catalan leaders pay for previous independence vote: El Pais,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish audit office has demanded the former leader of Catalonia and other politicians from the region pay 5 million euros ($5.96 million) for holding a consultative independence ballot in 2014, El Pais newspaper said on Tuesday. The report, which cited judicial sources, came a day before Catalonia is expected to approve plans to hold an Oct. 1 referendum on a split from Spain. The 2014 vote was non-binding, a symbolic ballot by pro-independence campaigners that was declared illegal by Spain s Constitutional Court. Catalonia, along with Britain s Scotland and Belgium s Flanders, has one of the most active independence movements in the European Union.  El Pais said the former head of the Catalan government, Artur Mas and other regional leaders, were being told by the audit body in charge of overseeing the financing of political parties and the public sector to pay out of their own pocket for organizing the consultation vote. The money was due by Sept 25, it said. The audit office was not immediately available for comment. The current head of the Catalan government, Carles Puigdemont, said the move was the Spanish state  spreading fear . Catalan lawmakers are due to vote on Wednesday on laws approving the referendum and the legal framework to set up an independent state. The laws are expected to be approved because pro-independence parties have a majority in the regional parliament. The populous, north-eastern region, with its capital Barcelona, has a strong national identity with its own language and traditions, although polls show support for self-rule waning as Spain s economy improves. ",1
20930,"Trump, UK's May agree that China must do more on North Korea: UK","LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May agreed during a telephone call on Tuesday that China must do more to persuade North Korea to cease its missile tests, a spokesman for May said.  The prime minister and the president agreed on the key role which China has to play, and that it was important they used all the leverage they had to ensure North Korea stopped conducting these illegal acts so that we could ensure the security and safety of nations in the region,  he said. May also said she would also work with EU leaders on further measures the EU could take to pressure the North Korean leadership, the spokesman said.  ",1
20931,Indian journalist shot dead at her residence,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - A senior Indian journalist was shot dead on Tuesday in the southern city of Bengaluru by unidentified assailants, police said. The body of Gauri Lankesh, the editor of an Indian weekly newspaper, was found lying in a pool of blood outside her home.  People in front of her house heard gunshots,  the city s Police commissioner, T. Suneel Kumar, told reporters.  We found four empty cartridges from the scene.  Lankesh was known as a fearless and outspoken journalist. She was a staunch critic of right-wing political ideology. Last year, she was convicted of criminal defamation for one of her articles. While the motivation for the killing was not immediately clear, political leaders, journalists and activists took to Twitter to express their outrage and denounce intolerance and any threat to free speech.  Karnataka state s chief minister Siddaramaiah called it an  assassination on democracy . ",1
20932,NuStar's Statia terminal in St Eustatius shut down ahead of Irma,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - NuStar Energy LP has shut down operations at its oil terminal in the Caribbean island of St. Eustatius ahead of the arrival of Hurricane Irma, the U.S. firm said in a statement on Tuesday. The Statia terminal has capacity to store up to 13.03 million barrels of crude and refined products and has six mooring locations to service oil tankers.  We have activated our hurricane response plan and will continue to monitor the storm to determine our next course of action,  the company said. ",1
20933,"Venezuela arrests top oil executive, eight other PDVSA employees: sources","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela has arrested the state oil company s boss for the western region and eight other executives at PDVSA, according to an internal company memo and a half-dozen sources in the OPEC member s oil industry.  It was not immediately clear why Gustavo Malave and the other employees were apprehended, though a series of corruption probes are under way at PDVSA and have entangled other employees.  The sources said Malave was arrested on Monday in Zulia state, Venezuela s traditional oil-producing region near Colombia, in what would be one of the highest-profile detentions of a PDVSA executive.  PDVSA, the prosecutor s office, and Malave did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Separately, Venezuela s new chief prosecutor Tarek Saab on Thursday announced he was investigating  spectacular  overpricing in a dozen contracts in the nation s Orinoco oil belt, on the other side of the country.  The reputation of PDVSA - short for Petroleos de Venezuela SA - has been tarnished in recent years by graft investigations involving high-profile staff.  The company has blamed the problems on a small group of employees and executives, and promised a war on corruption. Last year, the opposition-led congress said $11 billion was lost at PDVSA between 2004 and 2014, when Rafael Ramirez was in charge of the company. He denied the allegations. The Caracas-based company is the financial motor of leftist President Nicolas Maduro s government, but is reeling from low oil prices, mismanagement, and lack of investments. ",1
20934,Nigeria's cabinet meeting canceled for second time since Buhari's return,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria has canceled its weekly cabinet meeting for the second time since President Muhammadu Buhari returned from three months of medical leave in Britain. Information Minister Lai Mohammed said in a statement Wednesday s meeting would not take place  due to inadequate time to prepare the documents . Buhari canceled the first cabinet meeting following his return on Aug. 19, raising concerns that the president, criticized for inertia by his opponents, was returning to his former ways, when he worked from home and missed ministerial meetings. But the 74-year-old president, who has been working from home since his return, last week presided over his first cabinet meeting since taking leave for an unspecified ailment.  The refusal to disclose details of his illness has caused speculation about whether he is well enough to run Africa s most populous country and biggest economy. Mohammed s statement said a two-day public holiday on Friday and Monday to mark the Islamic Eid-el-Kabir celebrations had left little time to prepare for the weekly meeting.  ",1
20935,"Commander of Lesotho defense force shot dead, South Africa calls for calm","MASERU (Reuters) - Lesotho s top military leader, Khoantle Mots omots o, and two  senior officers were shot dead on Tuesday at an army barracks, the government said. While it was not immediately clear what the motivation for the shooting was, the kingdom has been subject to several coups and periodic political violence since gaining independence from Britain in 1966, and South Africa called for calm. Colonel Tanki Mothae, the principal secretary for the defense force, told Reuters the two senior officers were under investigation for the murder of another former Lesotho defense commander in 2015. Prime Minister Thomas Thabane, who fled the country in 2014 after a coup attempt and whose wife was shot dead in June, offered no details about the killings during a news conference other than saying the incident was being investigated. Neither Mothae nor the prime minister confirmed South African media reports that the two officers had killed the defense commander and then died in a gunfight with soldiers. South African President Jacob Zuma condemned  in the strongest terms possible the senseless and regrettable killing  and called for  calm and restraint  in the mountainous country that is entirely surrounded by its large neighbor. Lesotho is a major supplier of water to South Africa s industrial heartland. Zuma also said the Southern African Development Community (SADC) would send a ministerial fact-finding mission to Lesotho on Thursday to assess the situation.      South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa has made frequent trips to Lesotho to try to secure peace among political rivals as a facilitator for SADC.  Lesotho has been through bouts of political turbulence since the attempted coup in 2014 and its last three elections - most recently in June - have failed to produce winners with clear majorities.  ",1
20936,French see far-left's Melenchon as Macron's strongest opponent: poll,"PARIS (Reuters) - French voters view far leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon as the strongest opponent of President Emmanuel Macron, according to a new poll on Tuesday that highlights the weakness of mainstream opposition. The Ifop-Fiducial poll showed Macron s popularity has dropped sharply since he took power in May but its key finding could help him as he embarks on reforms because polls show voters see Melenchon as too extreme to be a serious candidate for power.  Melenchon is very much on the protest front but not seen as an actual alternative (to Macron),  said Frederic Dab of Ifop pollsters.   That can be an opportunity for Emmanuel Macron, allowing him to create a vacuum around him and replace the left-right divide by a reform vs protest debate.  The poll for Paris Match and Sud Radio showed 45 percent of voters say Melenchon s  France Unbowed  party provides the strongest opposition to Macron. That is more than twice the figure for the conservative Republicans (LR) or the far-right National Front (FN). Only 8 percent mentioned the Socialists. France Unbowed has been much more vocal than the conservatives or Socialists. The Republicans have been subdued in the wake of their defeat in the presidential election and divided over what stance to take toward Macron, whose economic policies resemble what many in their party have asked for for years. All three parties are struggling to get their voices heard above Macron and Melenchon s criticism of each other.  Macron is trying to eliminate anything there is between him and extreme parties. I won t let him do that ... I won t resign myself to Melenchon being the only opposition to Macron,  Laurent Wauquiez, the frontrunner to win LR s leadership in December, said on Sunday.  A government source said Melenchon s relative strength was welcome and he was Macron s only proper opponent.   I was praying to have Jean-Luc Melenchon and Marine Le Pen in parliament ... The Emmanuel Macron/Edouard Philippe alliance was meant to get the Socialist Party and the right to explode and we are not disappointed,  the source said. He was referring to the fact that Macron s prime minister Philippe comes from LR.     Melenchon strongly opposes Macron s plans to overhaul labor laws but his party can do little to block the measures because it has just 17 lawmakers in the 577-strong parliament. Melenchon, an anti-NATO euroskeptic known for his fiery debating style, has called on his supporters to march on Sept. 23 to protest the labor reforms, which will give companies more flexibility on firings, pay and working hours. The poll confirmed Macron s drop in popularity with 46 percent saying they approved of his policies, down 10 points from July. ",1
20937,White House says denuclearization remains priority for Korean Peninsula,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump continues to see the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula as the priority in how it responds to North Korea s latest nuclear weapons test, the White House said on Tuesday.  We re going to continue to push for a safer and denuclearized Korean Peninsula, and that s the priority here,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. Sanders said  all options are on the table  to deal with North Korea, including diplomatic and economic measures, but said that talks with Pyongyang were not the current focus for the White House. ",1
20938,"If Trump says Iran violating nuclear deal, does not mean U.S. withdrawal: Haley","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - If U.S. President Donald Trump tells Congress in October that Iran is not complying with a 2015 nuclear deal it brokered with world powers, that does not mean a U.S. withdrawal from the agreement, U.S. envoy to the U.N. Nikki Haley said on Tuesday. Under U.S. law, the State Department must notify Congress every 90 days of Iran s compliance with the nuclear deal. The next deadline is October, and Trump has said he thinks by then the United States will declare Iran to be non-compliant.  If the President chooses not to certify Iranian compliance, that does not mean the United States is withdrawing from the JCPOA (the nuclear deal),  Haley told the American Enterprise Institute think tank in Washington.  Should he decide to decertify he has grounds to stand on,  said Haley, adding that she did not know what Trump would decide.  We will stay in a deal as long as it protects the security of the United States.  Most U.N. and Western sanctions were lifted 18 months ago under the nuclear deal. Iran is still subject to a U.N. arms embargo and other restrictions, which are not technically part of the deal. In April, Trump ordered a review of whether a suspension of sanctions on Iran related to the nuclear deal, negotiated under President Barack Obama, was in the U.S. national security interest. He has called it  the worst deal ever negotiated.  Iranian President Hassan Rouhani warned last month that Iran could abandon the nuclear agreement  within hours  if the United States imposes any more new unilateral sanctions.  (The nuclear deal) is a very flawed and very limited agreement ... Iran has been caught in multiple violations over the past year and a half,  Haley said.  The Iranian nuclear deal was designed to be too big to fail.  The U.S. review of its policy toward Iran is also looking at Tehran s behavior in the Middle East, which Washington has said undermines U.S. interests in Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Lebanon.  Iran s leaders want to use the nuclear deal to hold the world hostage to its bad behavior,  she said. Haley traveled to Vienna last month to meet International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) officials for what she described as a fact-finding mission as part of Trump s review. The IAEA polices restrictions the deal placed on Iran s nuclear activities and reports quarterly. While Haley asked if the IAEA planned to inspect Iranian military sites to verify Tehran s compliance, something Tehran has said they would not allow, she said on Tuesday:  We never ask the IAEA to do anything.  ",1
20939,U.S. Virgin Islands seaports closed ahead of Irma - port authority,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Virgin Islands seaports were closed to commercial traffic by the U.S. Coast Guard on Tuesday morning until further notice ahead of Hurricane Irma, the port authority said on its twitter account.  ",1
20940,'Suicidal' Danish submarine owner says journalist killed by hatch cover,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Swedish journalist Kim Wall died when she was accidentally hit by a heavy hatch cover on board a home-made submarine, the Danish owner of the vessel testified in court on Tuesday. Peter Madsen, who denies killing Wall, said he was holding the hatch for her but it slipped and hit her head as they sailed in the strait between Denmark and Sweden last month on the UC3 Nautilus submarine he had built.  Madsen, 46, was speaking in court after being charged with killing the Swedish journalist on the submarine and mutilating her body   a case bearing many of the attributes of the region s popular Nordic Noir books and films. It could mean a sentence of five years to life in prison for Madsen, if found guilty. The court on Tuesday ordered a psychiatric evaluation and that Madsen be kept in custody for four weeks. In its preliminary investigation, the court had ordered Madsen detained until Tuesday on the lesser charge of involuntary manslaughter. Madsen said Wall s death was an accident. With the vessel at the surface, he said he had crawled out through the hatch and was standing on top, while holding it open  to let Wall follow him. At that moment, the submarine was rocked by a wave from another boat.  I lose my foothold and the hatch shuts,  he told the Copenhagen court, saying Wall was knocked to the floor.  There was a pool of blood where she had landed.  A prosecutor also read earlier testimony from behind closed doors in which Madsen said the impact had fractured the journalist s skull and killed her. Madsen said he tried to bury her at sea but denied mutilating her body, and added that he had contemplated killing himself while still on board. Wall, a 30-year-old freelance journalist who was researching a story on Madsen, went missing after he took her out to sea in his 17-metre (56-foot) submarine on Aug. 10. On Aug. 23, police identified a headless female torso that washed ashore in Copenhagen as Wall s. The cause of her death has not been determined. In court, Madsen denied having amputated her limbs and said he dropped her  whole  body into the water, several hours after her death, after having a sleep because he was  tired and exhausted . He admitted that he wanted to  bury her at sea  by attaching metal to the body in order for it to sink.   I had no contact with the body and didn t want a dead body in my submarine,  Madsen told the court.  I put a rope around her feet to drag her out of the hatch,  he said, adding that he was crying during this operation.  I am suicidal at this stage (and) thought a fitting end for Peter Madsen would be on board the Nautilus,  he said.  I was in a condition where I decided I couldn t continue the life I had been living.  He changed his mind, he said, because he wanted to see his wife and three cats. The submarine is one of three Madsen had built and one of the largest privately built ones in the world. It could carry eight people and weighed 40 tonnes fully equipped. A day after taking Wall out to sea, Madsen was rescued in a navy operation after deliberately sinking the vessel. ",1
20941,Colombia urges ELN rebels to turn over body of Russian hostage,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s government on Tuesday urged the ELN rebels to turn over as soon as possible the body of a Russian-Armenian hostage killed in April, while a commander with the guerrillas said they were in touch with the Russian embassy about the matter. Arsen Voskanyan, 42, was seized by the rebels in northwestern Choco province in November. The group claimed he was collecting endangered frogs and accused him of wanting to smuggle wildlife overseas.  The National Liberation Army (ELN) is currently in peace talks with the government in a bid to end more than 53 years of war. The two sides, who are meeting in Ecuador, said on Monday they had agreed on a bilateral ceasefire starting in October and extending into next year, which includes a ban on kidnappings. The ELN unit that had been holding Voskanyan told Reuters he was shot when he grabbed a hand grenade in an effort to escape. ELN leaders in Quito later confirmed his death.  We are urging the (ELN) negotiators in Quito to facilitate the return of the Russian s body to his family, the negotiators have been in touch with the embassy,  head government negotiator Juan Camilo Restrepo told journalists.  They said they have given instructions and have the utmost willingness to return the body of the Russian citizen as soon as possible, I hope they fulfill it, quickly,  Restrepo added. The ELN s head negotiator, Pablo Beltran, said in Quito that Voskanyan had been buried and confirmed the group was in touch with the Russian embassy in Ecuador.  Colombia s long and many-sided conflict has killed more than 220,000 people and displaced millions. ",1
20942,Brexit bill row to last the length of Brexit talks: UK minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - A row over how much money Britain should pay the European Union when it leaves the bloc will probably go on for the full duration of the EU exit talks, Brexit minister David Davis said on Tuesday. The Brexit bill is a contentious issue both in Britain, where eurosceptics are keen to see as little money paid as possible, and in the EU, which is demanding Britain meets its existing commitments to the bloc.   My expectation is that the money argument will go on for the full duration of the negotiation,  he told parliament.  Britain, which began a two-year negotiating period in March, has said it is prepared to meet its international obligations and, last week, Davis said London was willing to offer more than the bare legal minimum.  The bill is one of three issues the EU is demanding progress on before it is willing to begin discussing Britain s future relationship with the bloc - something London is keen to move on to as soon as possible. But, Davis stressed that Britain would not be pressured into cutting a deal just to move talks to the next stage.  Davis said the two sides disagreed over the basis of the so-called Brexit bill, and that he did not expect them to fully resolve their differences.  It is clear that the two sides have very different legal stances,  Davis told parliament during an update on the talks.  (EU chief negotiator) Michel Barnier and I agreed that we do not anticipate making incremental progress on the final shape of the financial deal in every round ... it is also clear there are significant differences to be bridged in this sector.   Davis also said that there was widespread agreement across the European Union about having an implementation period when Britain leaves the bloc, and that it would probably look to continue its relationship with the European Investment Bank. ",1
20943,"Britain, EU have very different legal stances on Brexit bill: UK minister","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union have very different legal stances over the so-called Brexit bill London should pay as it leaves the bloc, Britain s Brexit minister David Davis said on Tuesday. After a third round of talks last week, officials said a gulf between the EU and Britain over how much London owes may be the biggest obstacle to a deal on an orderly Brexit in March 2019.  It is clear that the two sides have very different legal stances,  Davis told parliament during an update on the talks.  (EU chief negotiator) Michel Barnier and I agreed that we do not anticipate making incremental progress on the final shape of the financial deal in every round ... it is also clear there are significant differences to be bridged in this sector.  Davis also said it was still Britain s intention to negotiate a future trade agreement with the EU within the two-year divorce period. ",1
20944,Saudi says Iranian talk of rapprochement is laughable,"LONDON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia said on Tuesday that Iran s talk of a possible rapprochement with the kingdom was laughable. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told reporters in London that Iran would have to change its policies for any rapprochement. Iran s foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, last month said the Islamic Republic would soon exchange diplomatic visits after the regional rivals severed diplomatic ties last year.  The comments of the foreign minister are laughable,  al-Jubeir said.  If Iran wants to have good relations with Saudi Arabia, it has to change its policies. It has to respect international law.   At this time, we do not see... that they re serious about wanting to be a good neighbor,  al-Jubeir said Iran s Zarif was quoted by the Iranian Students  News Agency (ISNA) that diplomatic visits could take place after the haj pilgrimage ends in the first week of September. But al-Jubeir said that diplomatic exchanges with Iran over arrangements for the haj did not represent a normalization of relations and that such contacts had nothing to do with politics.  We had the haj season, and when we have the haj, we try not to politicize it... But this is not normalization,  he said.  The meetings around the haj, have nothing to do with the politics. It s a religious issue.  Relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia are at their worst in years, with each accusing the other of subverting regional security and supporting opposite sides in conflicts in Syria, Iraq and Yemen. Al-Jubeir also said that if the rift with Qatar continued for two years then  so be it.   Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) severed ties with Qatar in June over Doha s alleged support for militants.  ",1
20945,France turns to armed drones in fight against Sahel militants,"TOULON, France (Reuters) - France has decided to arm its surveillance drones in West Africa as part of counter-terrorism operations against Islamist militants, Defense Minister Florence Parly said on Tuesday. French President Emmanuel Macron has made fighting Islamist militants his primary foreign policy objective and the move to armed drones fits into a more aggressive policy at a time when it looks increasingly unlikely Paris will be able to withdraw from the region in the medium to long-term.  France currently has five unarmed Reaper reconnaissance drones positioned in Niger s capital Niamey to support its 4,000-strong Barkhane counter-terrorism operation in Africa, and one in France.   Beyond our borders, the enemy is more furtive, more mobile, disappears into the vast Sahel desert and dissimulates himself amidst the civilian population,  Parly said in a speech to the military.   Facing this, we cannot remain static. Our methods and equipment must adapt. It is with this in mind that I have decided to launch the process to arm our intelligence and surveillance drones.      A further six of 12 Reaper drones, built by U.S. firm General Atomics and ordered after France s 2013 intervention in Mali to eventually replace its EADS-made Harfang drones, are due to be delivered by 2019. The defense ministry said on Tuesday the new drones would be delivered with Hellfire missiles while the existing six would be armed by 2020, possibly with European munitions.   Previous French administrations have shied away from purchasing armed drones, fearing a possible increase in civilian casualties. Al Qaeda s north African wing AQIM and related Islamist groups were largely confined to the Sahara desert until they hijacked a rebellion by ethnic Tuareg separatists in Mali in 2012, and then swept south. French forces intervened the following year to prevent them taking Mali s capital, Bamako, but they have since gradually expanded their reach across the region, launching high-profile attacks in Mali, Burkina Faso and Ivory Coast, as well as much more frequent, smaller attacks on military targets. At the end of July, at the military base in Niger, officers and pilots had told Reuters it was imperative to arm the drones to be more efficient and quick in tackling jihadist groups.  In the future, armed drones will enable us to accompany surveillance ... with the capacity to strike at the opportune moment.  We will be able to gain in efficiency and limit the risk of collateral damage,  Parly said.  France is also working with Germany, Italy and Spain to  develop a European drone, which is expected to be ready by 2025. ",1
20946,Exclusive: Crowded Bangladesh revives plan to settle Rohingya on isolated island,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh, one of the world s poorest and most crowded nations, plans to go ahead with work to develop an isolated, flood-prone island in the Bay of Bengal to temporarily house tens of thousands of Rohingya Muslims fleeing violence in neighboring Myanmar, officials say. Dhaka says the Rohingya are not welcome, and has told border guards to push back those trying to enter the country illegally. But close to 125,000 Rohingya have crossed into Bangladesh in just 10 days, joining more than 400,000 others already living there in cramped makeshift camps. (For a graphic on Bangladesh's refugee relocation plan click tmsnrt.rs/2k7ZAZy)  We are stopping them wherever we can, but there are areas where we can t stop them because of the nature of the border; forests, hills,  said H.T. Imam, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina s political adviser.  We have requested international agencies for help for shifting the Rohingya temporarily into a place where they can live - an island called Thengar Char. Developing Thengar Char should be given serious consideration,  he said. Leonard Doyle, chief spokesman for the International Organisation for Migration, said the idea of moving refugees to the island has been talked about for years, but he hadn t heard anything new in the past few days. The island, which only emerged from the silt off Bangladesh s delta coast 11 years ago, is two hours by boat from the nearest settlement. It regularly floods during June-September monsoons and, when seas are calm, pirates roam the nearby waters to kidnap fishermen for ransom. Flat and featureless, Thengar Char has no roads or buildings. When Reuters visited in February, a few buffalo grazing along its shores were the only sign of life. (For a graphic on Thengar Char click tmsnrt.rs/2wE9Tcu) The plan to develop the island and use it to house refugees was criticized by humanitarian workers when it was proposed in 2015 and revived last year. Bangladesh, though, insists it alone has the right to decide where to shelter the growing numbers of refugees.  The honorable prime minister wants to resettle them in Thengar Char, though some people say that island will not be a suitable place for them,  said another Hasina aide, who declined to be named.  But there are many such areas in Bangladesh, where Bangladeshis live. It s our country, and we decide.  Officials say no one could have foreseen just how many refugees would arrive so swiftly after violence in northern Myanmar last year sent more than 75,000 Rohingya fleeing across the border. The latest unrest in Myanmar s northwestern Rakhine state began on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked dozens of police posts and an army base, prompting an army counter-offensive that has killed at least 400 people and forced entire villages to flee. Myanmar says its security forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against  terrorists . The country s leader and Nobel laureate, Aung San Suu Kyi, has come under international pressure for not speaking out against the persecution of roughly 1.1 million Muslim Rohingya in the Buddhist-majority country. Makeshift camps in Cox s Bazar, in southeast Bangladesh, have grown so rapidly they have run out of space - even for the tiny tarpaulin and bamboo shacks the Rohingya refugees typically throw together.  With hundreds of new refugees streaming in every day, Kutupalong and Nayapara camps are at breaking point,  Duniya Aslam Khan, a spokeswoman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), said in a statement.  Imam, the adviser to Hasina, said a lack of space was the biggest concern right now, adding Bangladesh could not continue to house refugees in its schools and madrassas indefinitely.  We are waiting for Thengar Char to be developed. Once that s done we will shift them,  he told Reuters, reflecting a growing sense of hostility towards the Rohingya even in a Muslim-majority country.  The islands gradually come up because of silting. That s continuing, and that s how Bangladesh has been created. If there are people there, why can t the Rohingya live there?  he said. Some officials in Bangladesh s interior ministry are concerned that settling the refugees on the island would give them a sense of permanent residency, making it harder to send them back to Myanmar. Residents of Sandwip, the nearest island to Thengar Char, say the Rohingya are not welcome. Mizanur Rahman, the administrator of Might Bangha village, the closest settlement to Thengar Char, said local residents who have lost their land to erosion should be relocated first, ahead of the Rohingya. The UNHCR s local office did not respond to an email seeking comment about the relocation plan. Rohingya camped out in Cox s Bazar said they don t want to move to the island, fearing they could die there during the monsoon season and there won t be any work. The violence and refugee exodus have ratcheted up tensions between the two neighbors, and Bangladeshi officials said fighter jets were scrambled last week in response to several Myanmar defense helicopters violating its air space. ",1
20947,Kenya's election body appoints key personnel for presidential vote re-run,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s election commission said on Tuesday that different staff will be in charge of the Oct. 17 re-run of the presidential election, after the country s top court last week nullified the result of the August vote. The Supreme Court ordered on Friday that the vote be re-run within 60 days, saying incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta s victory by 1.4 million votes was undermined by irregularities in the process. Kenyatta was not accused of any wrongdoing. Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission Chairman Wafula Chebukati said in a statement on Tuesday that it had appointed for three months a project coordinator and officials to run the information technology, logistics, operations and training as well as the national tallying center during the re-run.  The appointment takes immediate effect,  Chebukati said. The appointments were announced hours after opposition leader Raila Odinga said his coalition would not participate in the re-run unless some officials were removed and its voting technology audited. Chebukati s statement did not mention those who previously held the positions. Kenyatta responded to Odinga s demands by saying there was nowhere in law that required the electoral body to consult Odinga. Odinga s conditions for participating in the repeat presidential election included the removal of six officials at the election board. He wants criminal investigations to be opened against them.   You cannot do a mistake twice and expect to get different results,  Odinga told reporters.  A number of the officials of the commission should be sent home, some of them should be investigated for the heinous crimes they committed.  The opposition also said it was planning to file dozens of challenges to results from races lower down the ticket, including legislative and local seats contested in the Aug. 8 vote.  The Supreme Court ruling, the first time in Africa that a court had overturned the re-election of a sitting president, was hailed by Odinga s supporters as  historic . Analysts have said it is likely to lead to some short-term volatility in East Africa s biggest economy, but could build confidence in institutions longer-term. On Monday, the election board said it would hold new elections on Oct. 17. But Odinga said he wanted elections held on Oct. 24 or 31 instead.  Odinga s National Super Alliance said in a letter to the chairman of the election commission that before the new vote is held, it needs to audit the technology used to conduct August s election and give an assurance it will be transparent in its conduct.   There will be no elections on the 17th of October until the conditions that we have spelt out in the statement are met,  Odinga said.  Kenyatta rebuffed Odinga s demands.  There is no legal requirement that Raila be consulted. I was neither consulted. Kenya doesn t belong to one man,  he said in a statement sent by his office. Odinga has lost the last three presidential elections. Each time, he has said the vote was rigged against him. A row over a 2007 poll, which Odinga challenged after being declared loser, was followed by weeks of ethnic bloodshed that killed more than 1,200 people. The opposition also plans to lodge 62 court cases contesting governorship, lawmaker, and local seats, spokeswoman Kathleen Openda told Reuters.  At least 33 court cases were filed contesting election results before the presidential election was annulled, said Andrew Limo, spokesman for the election board.  The judiciary said in a statement that by Tuesday a total 66 cases had been filed before various courts challenging the outcomes of such seats countrywide. The board received challenges to 189 results in 2013. ",1
20948,"Colombia's Golfo crime gang willing to surrender, president says","BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s notorious Golfo Clan crime gang, one of the country s most violent, has told the government it is willing to surrender, President Juan Manuel Santos said on Tuesday. The group, also known the Usuga Clan, is accused of operating profitable drug trafficking routes in partnership with Mexican cartels and taking part in illegal gold mining.   We received an expression of willingness by the head of the Golfo Clan to turn themselves in, to submit to justice,  President Juan Manuel Santos said at an event in Bogota.  I have asked the justice minister and the attorney general to evaluate it.  The government is not going to negotiate with the gang, Santos said, because members are criminals, and not politically motivated rebels like the FARC and ELN guerrilla groups.  The group formerly known as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, who have kept their FARC acronym for their new political party, signed a peace deal with the government last year, while the National Liberation Army (ELN) is in peace talks.  If they surrender to justice, the law could give them some benefits, depending on the surrender conditions,  Santos said.  What are they handing over, what is its value to society, for Colombians.  The United States has offered a reward of up to $5 million for information leading to the capture of Golfo gang leader Dario Antonio Usuga, known by his alias Otoniel.    Second-in-command Roberto Vargas, alias Gavilan, was killed by the army in a shoot-out last week. The group is infamous for a series of police officer assassinations in the Andean country. ",1
20949,Egypt says suspended U.S. military exercises to resume,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s armed forces said on Tuesday that joint U.S.-Egyptian military exercises will resume this month for the first time since 2009, after U.S. officials canceled them in 2013 following an Egyptian army crackdown on protests. The joint training is usually held every two years but was also canceled in 2011 after the  Arab Spring  uprising that year that overthrew Egypt s longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak. The announcement on the  Bright Star  exercises came weeks after U.S. President Donald Trump s administration denied Egypt $95.7 million in aid and delayed $195 million because of its failure to progress on respecting rights and democratic norms.     The exercises will take place from Sept. 10-20 at the new Mohamed Najuib military base in west Alexandria, according to a statement on the Egyptian military s official Facebook page.  The Bright Star training is considered one of the most important joint Egyptian-American armed forces exercises, which reflects the depth of relations and cooperation between the armed forces of both countries,  the Egyptian statement said. A U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to media confirmed the timing and location of the exercise and said U.S. Central Command is due to make an official announcement soon. Egypt is one of Washington s closest Middle East allies, and U.S. military aid has long cemented its historic 1979 peace deal with Israel. Home to the Suez Canal, the stability of the Arab world s most populous state is a U.S. priority. But the strategic relationship hit a low under former U.S. President Barack Obama, who briefly froze aid to Egypt after President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi overthrew his Islamist freely elected predecessor in 2013 after mass protests against him. Washington provides $1.3 billion in military aid and about $250 million in economic aid to Egypt every year. Trump has moved to reset U.S. relations with Sisi, giving him firm backing and vowing to work together to fight Islamic militants. U.S. sources have said last month s decision to freeze aid reflected a desire to continue security cooperation but also express frustration with Cairo s stance on civil liberties. A new law regulating non-governmental organizations is widely seen as part of a growing crackdown on dissent. ",1
20950,"Brazil Senate to vote on fiscal package on Tuesday, Oliveira says","BRASILIA (Reuters) - The Brazilian Congress is ready to put to vote later on Tuesday a fiscal package key to helping the government rebalance budget accounts regardless of any source of political turmoil, Senate President Eunicio Oliveira said on Tuesday. Speaking to reporters, Oliveira said he backs a  deep investigation  into the emergence of new evidence suggesting that witnesses who involved President Michel Temer in a corruption scandal might have not been forthcoming about all of their crimes. Prosecutor General Rodrigo Janot said on Monday that billionaire meat tycoon Joesley Batista and a fellow witness seemed to have inadvertently recorded a four-hour conversation discussing crimes not covered in their plea deal bargain. They could lose immunity from prosecution and other benefits.     ",1
20951,French magazine found guilty over topless photos of British Duchess,"PARIS (Reuters) - A French court ruled on Tuesday that celebrity magazine Closer  invaded the privacy of Britain s Prince William s wife Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, when it published topless photos of her in 2012. The court handed the maximum fine of 45,000 euros ($53,500) to both Laurence Pieau, an editor of Closer s French edition, and Ernesto Mauri, chief executive of Italian publisher Mondadori (MOED.MI), the magazine s owner.  William and Kate, who announced on Monday that they were expecting a third child, said they were pleased with the court ruling and the matter was now closed.  Closer magazine, a weekly round-up of gossip about the rich and famous, published a series of topless photos of Kate, the wife of the second-in-line to the British throne, while on holiday in southern France. Two photographers from a Paris agency, who denied taking the photographs, were ordered to pay smaller fines after also being convicted under French privacy laws. The damages ordered by the court were well short of the 1.5 million euros sought by the royal couple, a subject of fascination for many in Britain and other parts of the world, who filed the suit for what they called at the time a  grotesque  breach of privacy.  This incident was a serious breach of privacy, and their Royal Highnesses felt it essential to pursue all legal remedies,  a spokeswoman for the couple said.  They wished to make the point strongly that this kind of unjustified intrusion should not happen.  The photos were taken as the royal couple relaxed on a balcony of a chateau in the picturesque Luberon region of southeastern France. The pictures rekindled memories for some in Britain of the media pursuit of William s mother, Princess Diana, who died in a car crash in Paris in 1997 while being chased by paparazzi. Closer magazine s lawyers had sought to justify publication of the photos on public interest grounds, saying they disproved rumors circulating at the time that Kate might be anorexic. Jean Veil, a prominent French lawyer hired by the Duchess of Cambridge, said during the trial the article that accompanied the photos was only a pretext for publishing the pictures. ",1
20952,Austria's far-right party accuses conservatives of stealing campaign ideas,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s far-right Freedom Party (FPO) on Tuesday accused Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz of stealing its platform on immigration and the economy ahead of a parliamentary election, which he is favorite to win. FPO leader Heinz-Christian Strache s comments come a day after Kurz presented plans for his conservative People s Party (OVP) for a slimmer state, changes in corporate tax law and cuts to benefits for foreigners.  The program Kurz presented is almost identical to the FPO economic program. We are still waiting for the presentation of the OVP s own economic plan,  Strache told Reuters. Kurz has led opinion polls ahead of the Oct. 15 election with just over 30 percent. The Freedom Party and the center-left Social Democrats (SPO) trail with around 25 percent each.   The conservatives and the far right have enough common ground on migration, taxes and education to launch coalition talks if the vote does not yield a clear winner, said political analyst Peter Filzmaier. Austria s system of proportional representation will likely lead to another coalition government. A coalition of the SPO and OVP has held power since 2006 but is unpopular because it failed to agree major reforms on job creation, investment and taxes.  Given Sebastian Kurz s popularity, a coalition between the OVP and the FPO seems to be the most likely outcome,  said Vienna-based analyst Peter Hajek. Kurz told reporters on Tuesday he did not rule out working with any party and was  equidistant  from the FPO and the SPO. A cartoon in daily newspaper Kurier showed a naked Strache in a police station telling an officer Kurz had stolen  everything  from him. The FPO and OVP focus on the free market, a small state and low taxes. The SPO wants new taxes, including on wealth and inheritance and subsidies to promote job creation. The Social Democrats under Chancellor Christian Kern have begun to consider cooperation with the Freedom Party but Kern this week said his party was  light years  from it.   The Freedom Party s popularity rose to a high during Europe s migration crisis in 2015 when it denounced the government s decision to open Austria s borders to hundreds of thousands of refugees and migrants.  It led polls for more than a year with support above 30 percent and its candidate came close to winning last year s presidential election. Tens of thousands of people from the Middle East, Afghanistan and Africa have arrived in Austria in the past two years, raising public spending on social benefits and fuelling support for policy makers who advocate cutting migration. ",1
20953,Russian court told that oil boss gave minister $2 million in a brown bag,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian court was told on Tuesday that a close ally of President Vladimir Putin personally handed the country s then economy minister $2 million in cash inside a lockable brown bag as part of an elaborate bribery sting. Former Economy Minister Alexei Ulyukayev is on trial on charges of extorting the $2 million bribe from Igor Sechin, the head of state-owned oil company Rosneft, in exchange for Ulyukayev approving a business deal. In the courtroom, a state prosecutor read out the transcript of a secret recording of a late-night meeting between Sechin and Ulyukayev on Nov. 14 last year at the Rosneft offices in Moscow, when prosecutors say the money was handed over.  Sechin, who was cooperating with law enforcement officials, was wearing a wire to gather evidence. Ulyukayev says he was framed after having been lured to what he said was an innocent meeting to discuss Rosneft. The case has thrust into the open simmering tensions between rival Kremlin clans   a spectacle rarely seen in public in the 17 years since Putin first became president. Sechin, one of Putin s closest lieutenants, is part of a powerful faction in the Kremlin that favors greater state control over the economy. They have clashed with economic liberals in the government, a group that included Ulyukayev, whose arrest is seen as weakening the latter group s hand.  In the transcript read out in court on Tuesday, Sechin is quoted asking someone to bring some tea and  a little basket with sausage , a reference to a gift he gave Ulyukayev. In another fragment read out by the prosecutor, Sechin is cited as telling Ulyukayev:  Sorry it took a while. I was on a business trip and going here and there while putting together the amount. Consider the mission accomplished. There you go   take it. And this key just in case. And take the basket too.  The funds were handed over inside a lockable brown bag along with a key and the basket, the state prosecutor said. When agents from Russia s Federal Security Service swooped on Ulyukayev as he emerged from the meeting, the minister told agents that the bag he was carrying in the boot of his car contained some  good wine  given to him by Sechin, a state prosecutor told the court.  When agents opened the bag with a key which Ulyukayev said Sechin had given him, they found 200 bundles of $100 bills, the prosecutor said. The basket was also found in the boot.  Ulyukayev s hands were also found to be contaminated with a tracing agent that the bag had been marked with, the prosecutor said. ",1
20954,Russian frigate fires cruise missiles at Islamic State targets near Syria's Deir al-Zor,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian frigate Admiral Essen fired Kalibr cruise missiles at Islamic State targets near the Syrian city of Deir al-Zor on Tuesday to help a Syrian army offensive in the area, the Russian Defence Ministry said.  The strike, which was launched from the Mediterranean,  destroyed command and communications posts, as well as ammunition depots, a facility to repair armored vehicles, and a large group of militants, the ministry said. The strike had targeted Islamic State fighters from Russia and the former Soviet Union, it added.     ",1
20955,Xi urges BRICS grouping to push for more 'just' international order,"XIAMEN, China (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping on Tuesday urged BRICS nations to deepen coordination on global matters, and push for a more  just  world order, by boosting representation for emerging and developing countries in international bodies.  Reiterating that emerging and developing markets have been the primary engine of global growth, Xi called for a bigger role for BRICS in speeding economic governance reforms and promoting trade, especially as rising risks veil a global recovery.  BRICS countries should push for a more just and reasonable international order,  Xi told a summit of the grouping, which includes Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.  We should work together to address global challenges.  In his closing remarks, Xi urged the grouping to battle for more  representation power  for emerging and developing countries, which some analysts say are often under-represented in global institutions such as the World Bank, by comparison with the dominance of the United States and Western Europe.  The summit in the southeastern city of Xiamen has given host China its latest chance to position itself as a bulwark of globalization in the face of U.S. President Donald Trump s  America First  agenda. Xi appeared to rebuke the United States s resistance to international pacts - including the Paris climate accord - in a separate speech earlier on Tuesday to leaders of BRICS and other developing countries.    Multilateral trade negotiations make progress only with great difficulty and the implementation of the Paris Agreement has met with resistance,  Xi said.   Some countries have become more inward-looking, and their desire to participate in global development cooperation has decreased.   In talks on the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), Trump has sought improved terms for the United States, under threat of leaving the pact, and has said he will withdraw his country from the Paris climate accord. Xi gave $500 million for a South-South cooperation fund to help other developing countries tackle famine, refugees, climate change and public health challenges, besides an earlier $80-million summit pledge to support BRICS cooperation. Egypt, Guinea, Tajikistan, Thailand and Mexico joined the three-day summit as observer nations, and Xi called for a  BRICS Plus  plan to potentially expand the bloc, although no new member has been formally announced. Xi lauded smooth progress in the grouping s cooperation in areas such as anti-terrorism and internet security.  Leaders from the BRICS countries are determined to work toward another  golden decade ,  he added.   ",1
20956,Venezuelan opposition pins hopes on elections as protests falter,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s opposition is shifting its focus to forthcoming state elections as protests aimed at ousting President Nicolas Maduro have subsided following the installation of an all-powerful, pro-government legislative body. Four months of violent demonstrations in which at least 125 people were killed have all but stopped due to fatigue among protesters and disillusionment at seeing the ruling Socialist Party cement vast powers despite the concerted opposition push.  Most opposition leaders say October s elections for governors in all the country s 23 states now represent the best means to keep pressuring Maduro, providing a chance to win some of the governorships at stake and an opportunity for a protest vote to demonstrate the president s unpopularity. The opposition, which boycotted the elections for the Constituent Assembly, accused electoral authorities of inflating turn-out figures for the July 30 vote. There are few options available for adversaries of Maduro, who maintains control over the OPEC nation despite widespread public anger about triple-digit inflation and chronic shortages of basic goods.  Venezuelans are fighting against a continued rupture of the constitutional order,  said opposition leader Henrique Capriles, who is governor of Miranda state but who is not running in next month s election and who is barred from holding public office once his term expires. Nevertheless he urged Venezuelans to vote in the elections.  If you abstain, then it s more difficult to bring about the political change that all Venezuelans want,  Capriles told reporters. Capriles has called his own barring from office - because of alleged irregularities in managing public funds - a Socialist Party move to sideline him. Governorships provide little in the way of a platform to directly challenge Maduro. But they are coveted by politicians because they offer launching pads for political careers and the possibility to channel state resources toward political allies.  The opposition s participation in next month s poll ensures it will have witnesses at voting stations and at the election council headquarters. Opposition coalition leaders say that should allow them to quickly identify any attempt to alter results. However, some who spent months on the streets with the encouragement of opposition leaders, especially young members of a self-styled  Resistance  movement, feel betrayed. They say turning attention so quickly to the election legitimizes what they view as Maduro s authoritarianism and insults the memory of slain protesters. They also see a contradiction with the opposition s decision to boycott July s  vote for the Constituent Assembly. Maduro pushed for the creation of the assembly, which is meant to rewrite the constitution but which has no formal check on its powers, saying it would restore stability to a country in turmoil over the widespread anti-government protests.  It has broadly supplanted the Congress, which the opposition won control of in a 2015 landslide vote. Small opposition party Vente Venezuela and its founder Maria Corina Machado, who has a high profile in the media but limited influence, broke with the opposition s Democratic Unity coalition over its decision to join next month s vote.  The main opposition parties have nominated candidates and opinion polls show that in a free and fair vote they would likely take a majority, compared to just three governorships they won in 2012. But the Socialist Party-controlled Constituent Assembly may bar some of them from running or from holding office if they win.  Last week, the assembly said it would seek the prosecution of opposition leaders for treason for attempting to block international financing for Maduro s government and for allegedly seeking a military intervention against him. Government leaders say the end of the protests is evidence the Constituent Assembly has brought peace to the country. They add that the opposition s decision to register candidates is a sign they believe in the electoral system despite their complaints of fraud.  The Constituent Assembly has calmed the country,  said assembly president Delcy Rodriguez.  As soon as it was inaugurated, Venezuela returned to tranquility.   Maduro says the country is a victim of an  economic war  by the opposition, and insists the assembly is a symbol of Venezuela s vibrant democracy. The opposition took to the streets in late March to protest a Supreme Court ruling that briefly allowed it to assume the powers of Congress, and maintained near daily rallies until the end of July. By then, street mobilizations were in decline and what had initially been massive marches steadily gave way to violent clashes between security forces and small groups of hooded demonstrators throwing rocks and at times vandalizing property. Recent opposition rallies have attracted only a few hundred people. U.S. President Donald Trump has imposed sanctions on top ruling Socialist Party officials, in some cases for their participation in the Constituent Assembly, while the European Union and most Latin American nations condemned the body. Maduro has acquired the reputation as a dictator around the world, said opposition leader Freddy Guevara in an interview in August broadcast on the Internet, adding that street protests were crucial in shifting public opinion.  I m convinced that we have to confront the dictatorship in any situation that we can,  said Guevara.  ",1
20957,Spain pushes EU to adopt restrictive measures against Venezuela,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain is pushing for the European Union to adopt restrictive measures against members of the Venezuelan government as a way of encouraging a return to constitutional order in the crisis-hit country, the Spanish foreign ministry said on Tuesday. The head of Venezuela s opposition-led congress, Julio Borges, visited Spain on Tuesday to meet Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy as part of a European tour seeking support against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. Maduro s government has been criticized by the United Nations, Washington and other governments for failing to allow the entry of foreign aid to ease an economic crisis, while it overrides congress and jails hundreds of opponents.  Against the progressive worsening of the situation in Venezuela, the Spanish government is pushing ... for the adoption of restrictive, individual and selective measures, which don t hurt the Venezuelan population,  the ministry said in a statement. The Spanish government was working with its partners in the EU on these measures and was in constant contact with other Latin American countries, the ministry said. A foreign ministry spokesman did not say what the measures would be. After the meeting with Borges, the ministry underlined Spain s support for a peaceful, democratic solution and called for the release of all political prisoners. Spain s foreign minister, Alfonso Dastis, also met representatives of human rights activist Lilian Tintori, the wife of Venezuela s best-known detained political leader, who was barred from flying out of the country to join Borges on the tour. Venezuela s foreign minister, Jorge Arreaza, criticized the opposition leaders  meeting with Rajoy, saying they were unpatriotic in backing sanctions that he said would hurt the Venezuelan economy.  @marianorajoy assaults Venezuelan dignity, representing the worst colonial past, defeated and expelled by our Liberators,  Arreaza tweeted on Tuesday. The Venezuelan opposition won control of congress in 2015. But Maduro s loyalist Supreme Court has tossed out every major law it has passed as the oil-rich country slips deeper into a recession exacerbated by triple-digit inflation and acute shortages of food and medicines. Maduro has said he faces an  armed insurrection  designed to end socialism in Latin America and let a U.S.-backed business elite get its hands on the OPEC nation s crude reserves. ",1
20958,Russian U.N. envoy: U.S. aim for Monday vote on North Korea sanctions is premature,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Russia s U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said on Tuesday that a U.S. aim for the United Nations Security Council to vote on Monday on new sanctions on North Korea over its latest nuclear test is  a little premature.   I don t think we ll be able to rush it so fast,  Nebenzia told reporters. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has said she wanted the 15-member council to vote on Sept. 11 on a U.S.-drafted resolution to impose new sanctions on Pyongyang after it conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sunday. ",1
20959,Haley says new North Korea sanctions unlikely to change behavior,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Tuesday that more sanctions on North Korea are unlikely to change the country s behavior but would cut off funding for its ballistic missile and nuclear programs.  Do we think more sanctions are going to work on North Korea? Not necessarily,  Haley told the American Enterprise Institute.  But what does it do? It cuts off the revenue that allows them to build ballistic missiles.  Haley said on Monday she wants the United Nations Security Council to vote on Sept. 11 to impose  the strongest possible  sanctions on North Korea over its sixth and largest nuclear test. ",1
20960,EU executive to raise pressure on Poland on Wednesday: sources,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission will ask EU member states on Wednesday to take a stand on whether the Polish government is abusing democratic standards, three sources told Reuters, as the bloc  steps up pressure on Warsaw. Poland has been in a deepening dispute with Brussels and other European Union states over upholding the rule of law since the nationalist-minded, eurosceptic Law and Justice (PiS) party won power in late 2015.  PiS denies that it is undermining democratic standards in the largest ex-communist EU country but Brussels - along with many other member states, the Polish opposition and rights activists - has been sounding the alarm for months.  After German Chancellor Angela Merkel offered rare public criticism of Warsaw last week, the bloc is seen more likely to head toward an unprecedented punishment of Warsaw. Three sources said the executive Commission will ask all EU states on Wednesday to discuss the situation in Poland again at a ministerial meeting in Brussels on Sept. 25. The meeting is not expected to trigger the so-called Article 7 punitive procedure yet but the discussion will measure the willingness of the other 27 EU countries to move ahead. At the heart of the dispute is a PiS reform of the judiciary in Poland which puts the courts and judges under tighter government control.  ",1
20961,Germany warns against Turkey travel after spate of arrests,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s foreign ministry has warned its citizens traveling to Turkey that they risk arbitrary detention even in tourist areas, revising its travel advice after a spate of arrests of German citizens that it considers politically motivated. The change in travel advice, issued on Tuesday, marks a new low in relations between the NATO allies and is a blow for the tourist sector, which has already been hit by militant attacks and the fall-out from last year s failed coup attempt in Turkey. The trigger for the sharpening of the travel advice was the detention at the coastal Antalya airport last week of two Germans, one of whom has since been released. Berlin believes they, like 11 others, were detained for political reasons.  There is a risk of similar detentions in all parts of Turkey, including in tourist regions,  the new advice reads. It falls short of a formal travel warning, issued for war-afflicted countries like Afghanistan, Iraq or Yemen, which would make obtaining travel insurance harder.  We can t take from tourists the decision whether to travel or not,  Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said.  But we have described in detail what you should be aware of before you go.  Large numbers of European citizens have been caught up in the crackdown following last year s failed coup against President Tayyip Erdogan, in the wake of which tens of thousands of Turks have been imprisoned on  terrorism  charges.  Critics say the crackdown amounts to an undiscriminating purge of Erdogan s opponents. ",1
20962,"Syrian army, allies break Islamic State siege in eastern city","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian government forces on Tuesday reached troops besieged for years by Islamic State in the eastern city of Deir al-Zor, the militants  last major stronghold in Syria, the army said. Tanks and troops pressed quickly toward a government-held enclave in the city, where Islamic State has trapped thousands of civilians and Syrian soldiers since 2014. The advance has opened a land route linking that territory to the outside. The advance into strategic prize Deir al-Zor, a city on the Euphrates river and once the center of Syria s oil industry, is a significant victory for President Bashar al-Assad against Islamic State and another stinging blow to the group. The group is being fought in Syria by government forces, backed by allies Iran and Russia, and separately by a U.S.-led alliance of Arab and Kurdish fighters. In Iraq, the jihadists were driven out of their Mosul stronghold earlier this year. Islamic State still holds half of Deir al-Zor city and much of the province, however, as well as parts of its former stronghold Raqqa to the northwest, where the U.S.-backed offensive is being fought.  Our armed forces and allies, with support from Syrian and Russian warplanes, achieved the second phase of their operations in the Syrian desert,  Syria s military said.  They have managed to break the siege.  State media and a war monitoring group said advancing forces had linked up with the besieged troops at a garrison on the western edge of the city. Footage on Syrian state TV showed soldiers cheering near the garrison. State media said residents in government-held parts of the city were celebrating the advance. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said a nearby military air base and three districts remained under siege by IS. Battles still raged around the city, the British-based war monitor said. Deir al-Zor governor Mohammed Ibrahim Samra told Reuters that government troops were also pushing toward the air base.  The forces have begun to lift the siege,  he said.  Our residents have been waiting for this moment ... forces are (trying to) break the siege on the military airport as well.       The coming days will see the clearing of Deir al-Zor city (of militants)  and advances on nearby countryside under Islamic State control, Samra added. Assad congratulated the troops in a statement from his office. The army and its allies made rapid advances in recent days pushing through Islamic State lines with the help of heavy artillery and Russian air strikes. A Russian warship in the Mediterranean sea fired cruise missiles at Islamic State positions near Deir al-Zor to boost the offensive, Russia s defense ministry said. The city has been cut off from government-held Syria since 2013, after rebel groups rose up against Assad during the first flush of Syria s six-year war. Islamic State then overran rebel positions and encircled the army enclave and nearby air base in 2014. The United Nations said in August it estimated 93,000 civilians were living there in  extremely difficult  conditions. During the siege, high-altitude air drops have supplied them. Deir al-Zor lies southeast of Islamic State s former base in Raqqa. Hemmed in on all sides, Islamic State fighters have fallen back on footholds downstream of Deir al-Zor in towns near the Iraq border. The Deir al-Zor gains  form an important launching pad for expanding military operations in the area,  the army said. For Damascus, the latest advance caps months of steady progress as the army and its allies turned from victories over rebels in western Syria to push east against Islamic State.  The eastwards march has on occasion brought them into conflict with U.S.-backed forces. Still, the rival campaigns have mostly stayed out of each other s way, and the U.S.-led coalition has stressed it is not seeking war with Assad. In a statement on Sunday an alliance of Iran-backed Shi ite militias allied to Damascus, including Lebanon s Hezbollah, accused Washington of trying to hinder the advance to Deir al-Zor. An official in the pro-Assad alliance said senior Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps commander Qassem Soleimani was closely monitoring fighting, a sign of Iran s close military involvement. ",1
20963,Polish president says 'multi-speed' EU will lead to break-up of bloc,"KRYNICA-ZDROJ, Poland (Reuters) - The European Union will become less attractive to some member states if it implements a  multi-speed  vision and the bloc will ultimately break up, Polish President Andrzej Duda said on Tuesday. Deeper eurozone integration is sometimes called a  multi-speed  Europe because it would create different speeds of convergence within the 28-member bloc. Poland and other eastern EU states say they fear it could reduce their influence, financial support and competitiveness.  A division of the Union into a multi-speed union will not be beneficial ... politically, will not be beneficial economically,  Duda told an economic forum in Poland s southern city of Krynica-Zdroj.   In my opinion it will ultimately lead to a break-up of the European Union,  he said, adding that all member states would be hurt in such a scenario. Europe-wide polls show Poles are one of the most pro-EU societies, even though they overwhelmingly oppose adopting the euro currency.Duda also said EU support could falter in member states that do not participate in deeper eurozone integration. The remark appeared to suggest he believes EU support could fall in Poland. Duda is an ally of the ruling eurosceptic Law and Justice (PiS) party.  If EU membership becomes less attractive for countries that are thrown out of the first decision-making circle, then this moment in my opinion will be the actual beginning of the end of the union,  Duda said.  Sooner or later the societies of states that today view the EU positively ... will feel rejected and support for the EU will decline, which will result in further Brexits,  Duda said. Since PiS won an election in 2015, the government has clashed with the European Commission over issues ranging from its refusal to accept EU migrant relocation quotas to the ruling conservatives  tightening grip on the judiciary and media. French President Emmanuel Macron, one of the most vocal supporters of deeper integration within the euro zone, said in August that Warsaw was moving in the opposite direction to Europe on numerous issues and would not be able to dictate Europe s future. Poland rejected the accusations, saying Macron was inexperienced and arrogant. Macron also wants the EU to tighten its rules on the employment abroad of labor from low-pay nations, which could threaten hundreds of thousands of jobs performed by Polish employees in richer western EU states. ",1
20964,Romanian defense minister quits over communications mixup,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s Defence Minister Adrian Tutuianu said he had resigned on Tuesday after his ministry said it was unable to pay military and defense staff wages in full, only to be contradicted within hours by the finance ministry. The defense ministry said in a statement that it had run out of funds to cover salaries for its staff and would pay them in stages pending a consolidated budget revision planned for September. The finance ministry later contradicted the statement, saying no ministry was facing wage funds shortages.  I have handed in my resignation for the lack of communication,  Tutuianu told private television station Antena3. Prime Minister Mihai Tudose will send the resignation to the president later on Tuesday. The defense minister position carries a lot of responsibility as NATO member Romania has committed to spend 2 percent of its gross domestic product on defense every year for the next nine years, a military procurement plan for 2017-2026 showed. Romania, a country of 20 million people, hosts a U.S. ballistic missile defense station and has sent troops to Iraq and Afghanistan. ",1
20965,North Korea warns of 'more gift packages' for United States,"GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korea is ready to send  more gift packages  to the United States, one of its top diplomats said on Tuesday, dismissing the international uproar over his country s latest and biggest nuclear weapons test. Han Tae Song, ambassador of the Democratic People s Republic of Korea (DPRK) to the United Nations in Geneva, was addressing the U.N.-sponsored Conference on Disarmament two days after his country detonated its sixth nuclear test explosion.   I am proud of saying that just two days ago on the third of September, DPRK successfully carried out a hydrogen bomb test for intercontinental ballistic rocket under its plan for building a strategic nuclear force,  Han told the Geneva forum.  The recent self-defense measures by my country, DPRK, are a  gift package  addressed to none other than the U.S.,  Han said.  The U.S. will receive more  gift packages  from my country as long as its relies on reckless provocations and futile attempts to put pressure on the DPRK,  he added without elaborating. U.S. disarmament ambassador Robert Wood sought to turn the tables on Han by using his language against him.  With regard to the so-called gift packages that the North is presenting, my recommendation to the North would be, instead of spending inordinate amounts of money on nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles, that it give its people the gift package of peace with their neighbors, economic development and an opportunity to rejoin the family of nations.  Han said military measures being taken by North Korea were  an exercise of restraint and justified self-defense right  to counter  the ever-growing and decade-long U.S. nuclear threat and hostile policy aimed at isolating my country.  Pressure or sanctions will never work on my country,  Han declared, adding:  The DPRK will never under any circumstances put its nuclear deterrence on the negotiating table.  Wood said that North Korea had defied the international community once again with its test.   We look forward to working with our partners in the (U.N. Security) Council with regard to a new resolution that will put some of the strongest sanctions possible on the DPRK,  he told the conference.  Advances in the regime s nuclear and missile program are a threat to us all ... now is the time to say tests, threats and destabilizing actions will no longer be tolerated,  Wood said.  It can no longer be business as usual with this regime.   The White House said on Monday President Donald Trump had agreed  in principle  to scrap a warhead weight limit on South Korea s missiles following the North s latest test.     The United States accused North Korea s trading partners of aiding its nuclear ambitions and said Pyongyang was  begging for war . ",1
20966,Putin to meet South Korean President to discuss North Korea on Sept. 6: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin will meet South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in on Wednesday to discuss the crisis around North Korea, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday.  The two leaders will meet on the sidelines of an economic forum in the Russian far eastern city of Vladivostok as international concerns grow over Pyongyang s recent nuclear tests that shook the Korean Peninsula.  ",1
20967,Turkey to start first foreign aid distribution in Myanmar,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey said it will start the first foreign deliveries of aid on Wednesday to northwestern Myanmar, where hundreds of people have been killed and nearly 125,000 have fled over the border to Bangladesh in the last 10 days. A spokesman for President Tayyip Erdogan, who has described the violence against Rohingya Muslims there as genocide, said the deliveries were approved after Erdogan spoke by phone with Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Tuesday. Spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said 1,000 tonnes of food, clothes and medicine would be distributed by military helicopters.  He said Myanmar had given approval for officials from Turkey s state aid agency TIKA to enter the country and deliver the assistance, in coordination with local authorities in Rakhine state. Suu Kyi has faced increasing pressure from countries with Muslim populations to halt the violence against Rohingya Muslims which has prompted their flight to Bangladesh. Reuters reporters saw hundreds more exhausted Rohingya arriving on boats near the Bangladeshi border village of Shamlapur on Tuesday, suggesting the exodus was far from over. Erdogan told Suu Kyi that the violence against the Rohingya was violation of human rights and that the Muslim world was deeply concerned, Turkish presidential sources said. Indonesian foreign minister Retno Marsudi, in Dhaka to discuss aid for the fleeing Rohingya, met her Bangladeshi counterpart, Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali, a day after urging Suu Kyi and Myanmar army chief Min Aung Hlaing to halt the bloodshed. The latest violence in Myanmar s northwestern Rakhine state began on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked dozens of police posts and an army base. The ensuing clashes and a military counter-offensive have killed hundreds. Erdogan, with his roots in political Islam, has long strived to take a position of leadership among the world s Muslim community. On Friday, he said it was Turkey s moral responsibility to take a stand over the events in Myanmar. Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu will travel to Bangladesh  on Wednesday evening and hold meetings on Thursday, Turkish sources said.  ",1
20968,"Putin, in telegram to Syria's Assad, hails 'strategic' Deir al-Zor victory","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin has sent a telegram to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, hailing the breaking of the siege of Deir al-Zor by Syrian government troops, the Kremlin said on Tuesday. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters that Putin had hailed the breakthrough as  a strategic victory  over Islamic State militants.   Street-to-street fighting was now underway in Deir al-Zor, Peskov said.    Russian air strikes that struck Islamic State targets in the city on Tuesday helped Syrian government troops in the area swiftly advance, he said, citing a Russian Defence Ministry report to Putin. ",1
20969,Russia says 'will consider' U.S. resolution on North Korea but with caveats,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is ready to consider a new U.S. resolution on North Korea provided it does not escalate military tensions and focuses on finding a diplomatic solution, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Tuesday. Russia s Foreign Ministry said in a statement that Lavrov had conveyed that stance to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a phone call initiated by the U.S. side. The ministry said Lavrov had also spoken of the merit of involving U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres in helping find a diplomatic solution to the North Korea crisis. ",1
20970,U.S. Senator Graham agrees with Putin that more North Korea sanctions won't work,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham said on Tuesday he agreed with Russian leader Vladimir Putin that more sanctions against North Korea are unlikely to work. Putin said after a summit in China that diplomacy is the only solution to tensions with Pyongyang, which appears to have escalated its nuclear program in recent months.  Can t believe I m agreeing with Vladimir Putin but I am   further sanctions on North Korea very unlikely to work,  Graham said on Twitter. ",1
20971,Putin orders Foreign Ministry to sue U.S. over seizure of diplomatic property,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered his Foreign Ministry to sue the U.S. government over the seizure of Russian diplomatic property in the United States, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday. Putin this week warned he would order to take legal action over alleged violations of Russia s property rights by Washington. Putin also said Moscow reserved the right to further cut the number of U.S. diplomatic staff in response to what he called Washington s  boorish  treatment of Russia s diplomatic mission on U.S. soil that took place last week. ",1
20972,"Merkel, Abe agree sanctions against North Korea should be stepped up","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Japanese Prime Minister spoke by telephone on Tuesday and agreed that sanctions against Pyongyang should be stepped up in response to North Korea s nuclear test, a spokesman for the German government said.  She agreed with Prime Minister Abe that North Korea s latest nuclear test threatened the security of the entire world and that this massive violation of the U.N. Security Council s resolution must result in a resolute reaction from the international community as well as tougher sanctions,  spokesman Steffen Seibert said. Merkel and Abe agreed that increased pressure on North Korea should make Pyongyang more willing to agree to a peaceful solution and that China and Russia had a key role to play in that, Seibert added. ",1
20973,Britain's May to speak to U.S. President Trump on North Korea,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will speak to U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday to discuss North Korea, her spokeswoman said, after it conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test two days ago.  She is due to speak to President Trump shortly,  her spokeswoman told reporters, adding that May also planned to speak to French President Emmanuel Macron about North Korea.  Earlier, a British minister summoned the North Korean ambassador to the foreign ministry to condemn the test on Sept. 3. ",1
20974,Afghan officials investigate helicopter wedding deaths,"CHARIKAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Afghan authorities are investigating an incident in which two people were killed and two others wounded when a helicopter appeared to come under fire from guests at a wedding party near Kabul and fired back, local officials said. Kabul police spokesman Basir Mujahid said the circumstances of the incident in Qarbagh district outside the capital Kabul late on Monday were still being investigated and it was unclear if the victims were members of the wedding party or not. Wedding parties and similar gatherings in Afghanistan, where many people outside major city centers carry guns, sometimes feature guests firing into the air in celebration. If confirmed, the deaths would be the latest in a series that has seen at least 24 civilians killed in Afghan and U.S. air strikes over the past week. Afghan officials said the helicopter came from the NATO-led Resolute Support coalition but there was no immediate confirmation from Resolute Support headquarters in Kabul that U.S. or coalition aircraft were involved in the incident.   We are aware of reports, but have no further information at this time,  a spokesman said in an emailed statement. Last week, local officials said at least 13 civilians were killed in an Afghan air force strike in the western province of Heart, while another 11 were killed in a U.S. strike in the eastern Loghar province. [nL4N1LF3TJ] [nL4N1LG4VP] Fears have grown that civilian casualties will rise as a result of an increase in air strikes in Afghanistan following the U.S. decision to step up military action against the Taliban and other insurgents. Already in the first half of the year, United Nations figures showed a 43 percent spike in civilian casualties, with 95 killed and 137 wounded as the pace of air operations increased even before U.S. President Donald Trump announced his new strategy in Afghanistan. ",1
20975,Indonesia ready to help Bangladesh in dealing with Rohingya refugees,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi said on Tuesday the country is ready to ease the burden of Bangladesh in dealing with Rohingya Muslims fleeing from Myanmar, but the help is likely to be only humanitarian, not financial.  We will continue to discus what sort of support Indonesia could make to ease the burden of Bangladesh government,  Marsudi told a news conference after she met with the Bangladeshi PM and her counterpart in Dhaka. Myanmar has come under pressure from countries with large Muslim populations to stop violence against the Muslim Rohingya. At least 400 people were killed and nearly 125,000 fled to Bangladesh in the deadliest bout of violence targeting the minority group in decades.   ",1
20976,India's Modi heads to Myanmar as Rohingya refugee crisis worsens,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will discuss rising violence in Myanmar s western Rakhine state during a visit that begins on Tuesday, and push for greater progress on long-running Indian infrastructure projects, officials said.  India seeks to boost economic ties with resource-rich Myanmar, with which it shares a 1,600-km (1,000-mile) border, to counter Chinese influence and step up connectivity with a country it considers its gateway to Southeast Asia. Two-way trade has grown to around $2.2 billion as India courted Myanmar following the gradual end of military rule, but Indian-funded projects have moved slowly. Modi s promises to  Act East  and cement ties with India s eastern neighbor have slipped even as China has strengthened its influence. His first bilateral visit comes amid a spike in violence in Rakhine, after a military counter-offensive against insurgents killed at least 400 people and triggered the exodus of nearly 90,000 villagers to Bangladesh since Aug. 25. The violence could hit development of a transport corridor that begins in Rakhine, with the Indian-built port of Sittwe and includes road links to India s remote northeast, analysts said.  It s going to be a very vexed and complex issue,  said Tridivesh Singh Maini, a New Delhi-based expert on ties with Myanmar.  You need to play it very smartly. You need to make it clear that Rakhine violence has regional implications... but India will not get into saying,  This is how you should resolve it.  Last month, India said it wanted to deport 40,000 Rohingya refugees who left Myanmar in previous years. Modi arrives from China late on Tuesday in the capital Naypyidaw to meet President Htin Kyaw on a three-day visit. New Delhi believes the best way to reduce tension in Rakhine is through development efforts, such as the Kaladan transport project there, said Indian foreign ministry official Sripriya Ranganathan.      We are very confident that once that complete corridor is functional, there will be a positive impact on the situation in the state,  she told reporters. Modi will meet Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi and visit the heritage city of Bagan and a Hindu temple. The countries share close cultural ties, and several in Myanmar trace their roots to India.  Modi will also talk up a trilateral highway project connecting India s northeast with Myanmar and Thailand.  There is a fear that China is already going full steam ahead,  said Udai Bhanu Singh of Delhi think-tank, the Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses.  From the Indian side, there has been some laxity.   Singh said India could offer Myanmar help in building its navy and coastguard, while Myanmar would seek assurances that India was a reliable economic partner and an alternative power to Beijing.  ",1
20977,Turkey says Myanmar allows first foreign aid deliveries,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Myanmar authorities have given approval for the first deliveries of foreign aid in the northwest of the country, Turkey said on Tuesday, after President Tayyip Erdogan spoke to Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Tuesday, Erdogan s spokesman said. Spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said 1,000 tonnes of food, clothes and medicine would be delivered to the area by helicopter from Wednesday, where Muslim Rohingya are fleeing violence. ",1
20978,Vietnam protests over Chinese live-fire drills in South China Sea,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam on Tuesday issued a strong condemnation of Chinese military live-fire exercises in the disputed South China Sea, amid rising tension between the two countries. The Maritime Safety Administration of China s southern province of Hainan, which oversees the South China Sea, said last month there would be live fire drills around the Paracel Islands, which Vietnam claims, until September 2.  Vietnam strongly objects this action by China and seriously requests China to respect Vietnam s sovereignty over the Hoang Sa (Paracel) archipelagos,  Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Le Thi Thu Hang said in a statement.  Vietnam once again asserts that (we) will resolutely protect our sovereignty and our legitimate rights and interests in the East Sea (South China Sea) through peaceful measures that are suitable with international laws,  the statement said. China claims nearly all the South China Sea, through which an estimated $3 trillion in international trade passes each year. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines and Taiwan also have claims. Tension between China and neighboring Vietnam is at its highest in three years over the disputed waters. Vietnam suspended oil drilling in offshore waters that are also claimed by China in July under pressure from Beijing. China has appeared uneasy at Vietnam s efforts to rally Southeast Asian countries over the South China Sea as well as at its growing defense relationships with the United States, Japan and India. ",1
20979,"Don't leave Saudi-backed commission to probe Yemen abuses, U.N. says","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations must take over responsibility for investigating rights violations in Yemen s civil war as the country s government is not up to the job, the global body s human rights office said.  In a report published on Tuesday, the office challenged the U.N. Human Rights Council, which meets this month, to agree to look into atrocities committed during what it called an  entirely man-made catastrophe . The 47-country council has shied away from that task for two years, leaving the job to Yemen s National Commission, which reports to President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. He is backed by a Saudi-led coalition that is one of the combatants.  I ...join you in asking why the members of the Human Rights Council are not taking their responsibility and their membership to this body seriously,  the office s head of Middle East and North Africa, Mohammad Ali Alnsour, told a news conference. Yemen is mired in a war that has killed at least 10,000 people over the past two-and-a-half years, according to U.N. figures. Widespread hunger and internal displacement and an unprecedented cholera epidemic have led aid agencies to describe it as one of the world s worst humanitarian disasters. Alnsour said this was the third time the Council was being asked to set up an investigation.   That would really put pressure on the conflicting parties to adhere to the rules and the obligations under humanitarian law,  he said. The U.N. report said Yemen s National Commission was detrimentally affected by  political constraints .  The perceived partiality of the National Commission and its limited access have prevented it from executing its mandate comprehensively,  it said.  In addition... (it) appears to be lacking any instrument, or mandate, that would enable it to channel its findings into a credible accountability mechanism.  The head of the U.N. World Food Programme told Reuters on Monday that Saudi Arabia should fund the entire humanitarian aid budget for Yemen, or stop the war, or both   unusually direct criticism of a major U.N. donor. The U.N. report said at least 5,144 civilians were documented as being killed between March 2015 and Aug. 30, 2017, with the Saudi-led coalition responsible for more than half. Its air strikes were the leading cause of civilian and child casualties, the report said.  It also blamed the coalition for stoking a food crisis that has left 7.3 million on the brink of famine.  ",1
20980,"In Athens, Macron to urge renewal of EU democracy","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron will go to the Athens hill considered the birthplace of democracy to urge fellow Europeans to tackle the democratic crisis he believes the continent faces, his aides said on Tuesday. Macron, who swept to power on a pro-EU platform last May, has made reforming the euro zone and EU institutions battered by a series of crises - from the economy, to immigration and Brexit - a priority of his mandate.  It s a symbol of a new chapter (for Europe),  a French presidency official said of the speech Macron plans to give on Thursday evening on the hill of Pnyx, where ancient Greeks gathered to host popular assemblies.  We have gone through a financial crisis and a sort of confidence crisis, Greece knows that, it suffered from them. The president wants to show that Europe must be rebuilt democratically,  the official said. Macron will promote his campaign proposal to launch  democratic conventions  - or public debates - in European countries to discuss the future of the EU. The president, whose popularity ratings have slumped at home following a series of unpopular measures including proposals to cut public spending and welfare benefits, also wants to make institutions governing Europe s single currency more democratic. He wants a euro zone finance minister to manage a common budget that would be accountable to a euro zone parliament, but that proposal has met with robust resistance abroad, notably in Berlin. During a two-day trip ending on Friday, Macron will be accompanied by around 40 French business leaders, including from blue-chip firms Total, L Oreal, Sanofi, Engie and Vinci. After a German-French consortium won a majority stake in Thessaloniki Port last June, France is keen to push its companies to invest in Greek infrastructure, energy and the agri-food business. French officials also want to avoid more strategic sectors of the Greek economy from falling into non-European hands after China s COSCO Shipping bought a 51 percent stake in Piraeus Port, Greece s biggest, for 280.5 million euros.  It poses a sovereignty problem, it s kind of a European failure,  the French official said.  In June, Macron urged the European Commission to come up with a system for screening investments in strategic sectors from third countries, something some other western European nations have supported. But smaller eastern and southern European economies that have benefited from Chinese investments have rejected any steps against Beijing.      ",1
20981,Irma strengthens to a Category 5 hurricane: NHC,"(Reuters) - Irma on Tuesday intensified into an extremely dangerous Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson wind scale, the U.S. National Hurricane Center (NHC) said in its latest advisory. Hurricane Irma is about 270 miles (440 km) east of Antigua and packing maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), the Miami-based weather forecaster said. Irma, which is forecast to remain a powerful category 4 or 5 hurricane during the next couple of days, will move near or over portions of the northern Leeward Islands Tuesday night and early Wednesday, the NHC said. ",1
20982,Britain's Labour says cannot vote for EU withdrawal bill unless amended,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s main opposition Labour Party said on Tuesday it could not vote for the government s legislation to sever ties with the European Union unless it was amended to prevent ministers from grabbing powers from parliament. Parliament will begin debating the EU withdrawal bill on Thursday and there will be a vote on Monday, testing Prime Minister Theresa May s deal to shore up her majority with the support of a small Northern Irish party.  Labour fully respects the democratic decision to leave the European Union ... and backs a jobs-first Brexit with full tariff-free access to the European single market,  Labour said in a statement.  But as democrats we cannot vote for a bill that unamended would let government ministers grab powers from parliament to slash people s rights at work and reduce protection for consumers and the environment.  ",1
20983,Malaysia summons Myanmar ambassador over violence in Rakhine State,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia on Tuesday summoned Myanmar s ambassador to express displeasure over violence in Myanmar s Rakhine State, which has displaced nearly 125,000 Rohingya Muslims. Foreign Minister Anifah Aman said the latest incidents of violence showed that the Myanmar government had made  little, if any  progress in finding a peaceful solution to problems facing the Rohingya minority, most of whom live in the northwest Myanmar state near the Bangladeshi border.  Given these developments, Malaysia believes that the matter of sustained violence and discrimination against the Rohingyas should be elevated to a higher international forum,  Anifah said in a statement. Muslim-majority Malaysia has been particularly outspoken in its concern about the plight of the Rohingya. Myanmar says its security forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against  terrorists  responsible for a string of attacks on police posts and the army since last October. The latest violence began on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked dozens of police posts and an army base. In a separate statement, Malaysia s foreign affairs ministry issued a travel advisory asking Malaysians to defer all non-essential travel to Rakhine State, and for Malaysians in Myanmar to  take all necessary precautions  and be aware of the security situation.   ",1
20984,Merkel wants EU to consider halting Turkish accession talks after vote,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday that Turkey was fast abandoning the rule of law and vowed to push her EU partners to consider suspending or ending its accession talks at a meeting in October. Less than three weeks before a German national election, she spelled out her intentions clearly to the Bundestag lower house of parliament after sharpening her rhetoric on Sunday and saying Turkey should not become an EU member. Those comments, made in a televised debate with her Social Democrat (SPD) election rival, drew charges of populism from Ankara. It was the latest of a series of spats between Merkel and President Tayyip Erdogan over the last two years which has led to a serious deterioration in relations.  Turkey is moving away from the path of the rule of law at a very fast speed,  Merkel said, adding her government would do everything it could to secure the release of Germans detained in Turkey, who Berlin says are innocent. The Foreign Ministry said last week 12 German citizens, four of them with dual citizenship, had been detained in Turkey on political charges. One has since been released. The ministry updated its travel advice on Tuesday and said that  incomprehensible  arrests were taking place all over Turkey, including regions frequented by tourists.  Venting her growing frustration, Merkel said a rethink of Germany s and the EU s relations with Turkey was needed.  We will also - and I will suggest this takes place at the EU meeting in October - discuss future relations with Turkey, including the question of suspending or ending talks on accession,  she said.  I will push for a decisive stand ... But we need to coordinate and work with our partners,  she said, adding that it would damage the EU if Erdogan saw member states embroiled in an argument.  That would dramatically weaken Europe s position.  Although Turkey s foreign minister has said EU membership remains a strategic goal, the EU has turned very skeptical - especially since Erdogan s crackdown on opponents after a failed coup in July 2016.  A European Commission spokesman said on Monday Turkey was taking  giant strides  away from Europe. Although her conservative party has long opposed Turkish membership of the bloc, Merkel has staked a good deal on maintaining relations with its NATO ally.  She has repeatedly defended an EU-Turkey migrant deal she championed last year because it helped to stem the flow of refugees fleeing war in the Middle East to western Europe.  Merkel said despite her own reservations, she had gone along with EU accession talks agreed by her SPD predecessor, Gerhard Schroeder, mainly to ensure continuity in foreign policy. Erdogan accuses Germany of harboring plotters behind the 2016 coup attempt. Turkey has arrested about 50,000 people in its purges of state institutions and the armed forces. Ankara says the crackdown is necessary to ensure national security but many Western countries and human rights groups say it is an attempt by Erdogan to stifle all dissent. Erdogan also won sweeping new powers in a referendum in April. In the runup to the German election little divides the main parties, who currently share power in a grand coalition, on Turkey. SPD Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel in July said Germans should be careful if they traveled to Turkey and threatened steps that could hurt investment there.     ",1
20985,China seeks to silence critics at U.N. forums: rights body report,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Beijing is waging a campaign of harassment against Chinese activists who seek to testify at the United Nations about repression, while the world body sometimes turns a blind eye or is even complicit, Human Rights Watch said. In a report released on Tuesday, the group said China restricts travel of activists, or photographs or films them if they do come to the U.N. in Geneva to cooperate with human rights watchdogs scrutinizing its record.  What we found is that China is systematically trying to undermine the U.N. s ability to defend human rights, certainly in China but also globally,  Kenneth Roth, executive director of Human Rights Watch, told Reuters.  This comes at a point where domestically China s repression is the worst it has been since the Tiananmen Square democracy movement (in 1989). So there is much to hide and China clearly attaches enormous importance to muting criticism of its increasingly abysmal human rights record.  Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang dismissed the report s accusations as  groundless , saying Beijing was playing an active role in the United Nations  human rights work.  We urge the relevant organization to remove their tinted lenses and objectively and justly view China s human rights development,  he told a regular briefing. Rolando Gomez, U.N. Human Rights Council spokesman, said the office did its best to protect all participants and had been  extremely vigilant in addressing and investigating all acts and perceived acts of intimidation, threats, and attacks brought to its attention , regardless of which state committed them. The U.N. system offers one of the few remaining channels for Chinese activists to express their views, the New York-based rights group said. Its report,  The Costs of International Advocacy: China s Interference in United Nations Human Rights Mechanisms,  is based on 55 interviews.  NIP-IT-IN-THE-BUD STRATEGY   (Chinese President) Xi Jinping seems to have adopted a  nip it in the bud  strategy with respect to activism at home, but increasingly abroad. That s one of our messages, China s repression isn t stopping at its borders these days,  Roth said. In China, activists have  decreasing space safe  from intimidation, arbitrary detention, and a legal system controlled by the Communist Party, the report said, decrying a crackdown on activists and lawyers since 2015.Some activists who have attended U.N. reviews of China s record have been punished on their return, it said. Others have their passports confiscated or are arrested before departure. When Xi addressed the U.N. in Geneva in January, the U.N. barred non-governmental organizations (NGOs) from attending, Human Rights Watch said.  Dolkun Isa, an ethnic Uighur rights activist originally from China, was attending a U.N. event in New York in April when U.N. security guards ejected him without explanation, despite his accreditation, it added. Jiang Tianyong, a prominent human rights lawyer, disappeared last November, months after meeting in Beijing with U.N. special rapporteur on poverty Philip Alston who has called for his release. Jiang, after being held incommunicado for six months, was  charged with subversion. At his trial last month he confessed, saying that he had been inspired to overthrow China s political system by workshops he had attended overseas.  So the signal is clear - don t you dare present an independent perspective to a U.N. investigator,  Roth said. ",1
20986,Ex-Georgian leader risks extradition on return to Ukraine,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine says it will review a request from Georgia to arrest and extradite former Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili, one of the most colorful and divisive figures in the politics of both countries, if he re-enters Ukraine in the next few days. Brought in to help drive reforms after the 2014 Ukrainian uprising that ousted a pro-Russian leader, Saakashvili has been at loggerheads with the Kiev authorities since quitting as governor of the Odessa region last year and accusing President Petro Poroshenko of abetting corruption. Stripped of Ukrainian citizenship while on a trip abroad, he  will try to re-enter Ukraine via the Polish border on Sunday, his staff and lawyers say, and expects to be greeted by supporters and lawmakers sympathetic to his cause. It is unclear how Ukrainian border guards will respond.  The justice ministry is sending the request from Georgia ... to Ukraine s general prosecutor for an extradition review,  Deputy Justice Minister Serhiy Petukhov told a news conference. Saakashvili s representative Olena Galabala said:  If there are any questions regarding the extradition of Saakashvili, then firstly they need to let him into Ukraine and then resolve this issue. Otherwise it looks like intimidation.  Saakashvili took power in Georgia after a peaceful pro-Western uprising, known as the Rose Revolution, in 2003. He was president at the time of a short and disastrous five-day war with Russia in 2008, a conflict that his critics argued was the result of his own miscalculations. The 49-year-old is now wanted on four separate criminal charges in Georgia, including abuse of office, which he says were trumped up for political reasons. Loathed by the Kremlin, Saakashvili was once a natural ally for Poroshenko after Moscow annexed Ukraine s Crimea region in 2014. But he has become one of the president s most vocal critics casting doubt on the Western-backed authorities  commitment to tackle entrenched corruption. Saakashvili has accused the Ukrainian authorities of using pressure tactics to deter him from returning to Kiev, where he has launched a campaign to unseat his former ally Poroshenko. Saakashvili s spokeswoman and his brother, David, were both questioned by authorities at the weekend.    In this way they re trying to influence me to change my mind about coming back,  Saakashvili said in a post on Facebook.  You know me very badly - this just further strengthens my resolve to defend Ukraine and Ukrainians from the dirty dealers and their lawlessness.  Interior ministry spokesman Artem Shevchenko said David Saakashvili s permission to reside in Ukraine had been annulled because his work permit had been withdrawn.  We didn t detain him. The Kiev police ensured the delivery of the Georgian citizen to the migration services,  he told news agency Interfax Ukraine. Poroshenko s office says Saakashvili failed to deliver change while governor of Odessa. They have also said his citizenship was withdrawn because he allegedly put false information on his registration form. Saakashvili says the decision was politically motivated. Saakashvili last year founded a party called the  Movement of New Forces, whose support is in the low single digits and  which has been seeking to unite reformist opposition forces.  ",1
20987,Putin warns U.S. not to supply Ukraine with defensive weapons,"XIAMEN, China (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that any decision by the United States to supply defensive weapons to Ukraine would fuel the conflict in eastern Ukraine and possibly prompt pro-Russian separatists to expand their campaign there. On a visit to Kiev last month, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said he was actively reviewing sending lethal weapons to Ukraine to help it defend itself, an option that previous U.S. president Barack Obama vetoed. Ukraine and Russia are at loggerheads over a war in eastern Ukraine between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government forces that has killed more than 10,000 people in three years. Kiev accuses Moscow of sending troops and heavy weapons to the region, which Russia denies.  Putin, answering a question after a BRICS summit in China about the possibility of the United States supplying Ukraine with heavy weapons, said it was for Washington to decide whom it sold or gave weapons to, but he warned against the move, something Kiev wants.   The delivery of weapons to a conflict zone doesn t help peacekeeping efforts, but only worsens the situation,  Putin told a news briefing.  Such a decision would not change the situation but the number of casualties could increase.  In comments likely to be interpreted as a veiled threat, Putin suggested that pro-Russian separatists were likely to respond by expanding their own campaign.  The self-declared (pro-Russian) republics (in eastern Ukraine) have enough weapons, including ones captured from the other side  said Putin.  It s hard to imagine how the self-declared republics would respond. Perhaps they would deploy weapons to other conflict zones.  Putin also said Russia intended to draft a resolution for consideration in the United Nations Security Council, suggesting armed U.N. peacekeepers be deployed to eastern Ukraine to help protect ceasefire monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) there.  It would help resolve the problem in eastern Ukraine,  said Putin, saying that a slew of preconditions would need to be met before any such deployment happened. ",1
20988,Kidnapped Red Cross staff released in Afghanistan after seven months,"KABUL (Reuters) - Two Red Cross staff members kidnapped early this year in Afghanistan have been released, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Tuesday. The two were abducted on Feb. 8 while delivering assistance in Jawzjan province, in the north of the country, on the border with Turkmenistan.  Six of their colleagues were killed in the attack, which prompted the ICRC to suspend operations in Afghanistan for a time.  We are relieved and grateful that our colleagues are now back with us unharmed, the ICRC head of delegation in Afghanistan, Monica Zanarelli, said in a statement. At the time of the attack, officials in the area blamed Islamic State gunmen but the ICRC said it would not comment on the identity of the abductors, their motives or details of the release. Kidnapping has been a major problem in Afghanistan for many years. Most victims are Afghans abducted for ransom but foreigners or Afghans working for foreign organizations have also been targeted. ",1
20989,"France appoints envoy to mediate between Qatar, Arab states","PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign ministry said on Tuesday that it picked its former ambassador to Saudi Arabia as a special envoy to see how Paris could support mediation efforts in the rift between Qatar and several of its neighbors. Kuwait s Emir Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Jaber has led mediation efforts to resolve the row, which began in early June when Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt cut political and trade ties with Qatar.  France, which has close ties with Egypt and the United Arab Emirates while also being a major arms supplier to Qatar and a key ally of Saudi Arabia, has been relatively discreet on the crisis, largely sticking to calls for calm.   I confirm that Bertrand Besancenot, diplomatic advisor to the government, will soon go to the region to evaluate the situation and the best ways to support the mediation and appease tensions between Qatar and its neighbors,  Foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters in a daily briefing.  Qatar s neighbors accuse it of supporting regional foe Iran and Islamists across the region, a charge Doha denies.   ",1
20990,Malaysian police say they foiled attack on SEA Games closing ceremony,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysian police thwarted a plan by a member of the Islamic-State linked Abu Sayyaf militant group to attack the closing ceremony of the Southeast Asian Games in Kuala Lumpur last week, the top police official said on Tuesday. The suspected attacker, a 25-year-old Philippine national, had been involved in fighting, kidnapping and beheading of foreign hostages in the Philippines, Inspector-General of Police Mohamad Fuzi Harun said in a statement. The arrest will raise concern about increasing cooperation among militants within Southeast Asia and what governments fear is the spreading influence of Islamic State as it loses ground in the Middle East.. Mohamad Fuzi did not identify the suspect but said he had planned to attack the closing ceremony of the games at the Bukit Jalil National Stadium, as well as an Independence Day parade the next day. He gave no detail of the plans. The man was arrested in a raid on Aug. 30, the day of the ceremony, along with seven other suspected members of the hardline Abu Sayyaf, including another Philippine national. Authorities said earlier they had detained Philippine Abu Sayyaf leader Hajar Abdul Mubin, 25, also known as Abu Asrie, in the Aug. 30 raid.  Abu Asrie was arrested with six Malaysians and another Philippine national, aged between 20 and 52, police said earlier. Eleven other suspected militants, including nine foreigners, were picked up in a two-month security operation before the games. The arrests were the latest in a crackdown on militancy by Muslim-majority Malaysia. Since 2013, Malaysia has arrested more than 250 people on suspicion of links to Islamic State.     Among those picked up were two Iraqi brothers, aged 41 and 63, who were suspected to have served as commanders for Islamic State, Mohamad Fuzi said. They were working as technicians and were arrested in a Kuala Lumpur suburb on Aug. 11.  The Iraqis had arrived in Malaysia separately and were detained on information from foreign intelligence agencies, a Malaysian police source told Reuters.    One arrived last year, while the other came in early August. We re still investigating what their activities were in Malaysia,  said the source, who declined to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to media.  Others picked up in the sweep included suspects from Bangladesh, the Maldives, Indonesia and the Palestinian territories. Police counter-terrorism chief Ayob Khan Mydin Pitchay told Reuters the number of foreigners showed the growing Islamic State threat in the region.    ",1
20991,"UK police arrest four, including soldiers, over suspected far-right terrorism","LONDON (Reuters) - British police arrested four men on Tuesday, including some serving soldiers, on suspicion of belonging to a banned far-right group and planning terrorist acts.  The men, aged 22 to 32, were detained on suspicion of being involved in the commission, preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism and of being members of the National Action group. The neo-Nazi organization became the first far-right group to be outlawed in Britain last year after the murder of member of parliament Jo Cox, whose killing the group had praised. The four arrests were made by counter-terrorism officers in the cities of Birmingham, Ipswich and Northampton and in Powys, Wales.   The arrests were pre-planned and intelligence-led; there was no threat to the public s safety,  West Midlands Police said. The Ministry of Defence (MoD) said a number of serving members of the army had been arrested.  These arrests are the consequence of a Home Office Police Force-led operation supported by the army,  an MoD spokeswoman said.  This is now the subject of a civilian police investigation and it would be inappropriate to comment further.   Britain is on its second-highest threat level,  severe , meaning an attack is highly likely. Suspected Islamists have killed 35 people this year in London and Manchester, and a man died in June after a van was driven into worshippers near a London mosque. Last month, a senior police chief said the number of referrals to the authorities about suspected right-wing extremists had doubled since the murder of Cox, who was killed in June last year by a loner obsessed with Nazis and white supremacist ideology. ",1
20992,Europe could soon be within range of North Korean missiles: France,"TOULON, France (Reuters) - France s defense minister warned on Tuesday that North Korea could develop ballistic missiles that reach Europe sooner than expected.  The scenario of an escalation towards a major conflict can not be discarded,  Florence Parly said in a speech to the French military.  Europe risks being within range of (North Korean President) Kim Jong Un s missiles sooner than expected,  she said.   ",1
20993,Ukraine drops tax probe of finance minister: finance ministry,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian prosecutors have ended an inquiry into Finance Minister Oleksandr Danylyuk over alleged tax evasion after failing to find any evidence of wrongdoing, his press service said on Tuesday. The investigation was launched in July at the request of lawmaker Tetiana Chornovol, a member of former Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk s  People s Front  party.  Danylyuk, who became finance minister after Yatseniuk s ouster in April 2016, denied the charges and hinted they were linked to his efforts to crack down on corruption. In a statement his press service said  the case has been closed due to a lack of circumstances constituting a breach of law.  The General Prosecutor s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Since becoming finance minister, Danylyuk, a former investment manager who has also served as a deputy head of President Petro Poroshenko s administration, has backed reforms required under a $17.5 billion bailout program from the International Monetary Fund. ",1
20994,Syrian army nears besieged troops in Deir al-Zor: state TV,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian state television said the Syrian army advanced on Tuesday to within 100 meters of troops that Islamic State has surrounded for years in the eastern city of Deir al-Zor. The army and allied forces have come close to relieving the Euphrates city after a swift lunge through jihadist lines. Islamic State has since 2014 besieged a government-held enclave where some 93,000 civilians live and an army garrison is stationed. ",1
20995,Sinn Fein's Adams to outline succession plan in November,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams said on Tuesday he would outline his succession plans in November as the former political wing of the Irish Republican Army (IRA) prepares to complete a generational shift in its leadership. Adams, Sinn Fein leader for over 30 years, will seek re-election to the one-year post at the party s annual conference and set out his future plans at that time.  I will be allowing my name to go forward for the position of Uachtaran Shinn Fein (President of Sinn Fein),  Adams said in a speech at a meeting of the party s lawmakers.  And if elected I will be setting out our priorities and in particular our planned process of generational change, including my own future intentions.  Reviled by many as the face of the IRA during its campaign against British rule in Northern Ireland, Adams, 69 next month, reinvented himself as a peacemaker in the troubled region and then as a populist opposition lawmaker in the Irish Republic. Around 3,600 people were killed during Northern Ireland s  Troubles , three decades of sectarian bloodshed between pro-British Protestant unionists and Catholic nationalists seeking a united Ireland that was ended by a 1998 peace agreement. Whenever he decides to step down, he will almost certainly hand over to a successor with no direct involvement in the decades of conflict in Northern Ireland, say political analysts, making Sinn Fein a more palatable coalition partner in the Irish Republic where it has never been in power. Deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald, who has been at the forefront of a new breed of Sinn Fein politicians transforming the left-wing party s image, is the clear favorite to take over. Michelle O Neill, another Sinn Fein lawmaker in her 40s, succeeded Martin McGuinness as leader in Northern Ireland shortly before the former IRA commander s death in March.  With McGuinness, Adams turned Sinn Fein into the dominant nationalist party in Northern Ireland and the third largest party south of the border. Adams said last month that he intended to lead the party into the next parliamentary election in the Irish republic where suspicion of Sinn Fein s role in the Northern Ireland troubles still runs deep among the main political parties. The far larger ruling Fine Gael and main opposition Fianna Fail, a more natural ally, have ruled out governing with Sinn Fein but analysts say a change of leader could soften that stance. The next election is expected in the next 12 months. ",1
20996,"Defying warnings, residents refuse to leave Mumbai's crumbling buildings","MUMBAI (Reuters) - On a sunny morning last week in Mumbai after two days of incessant monsoon rain, Mohammad Altaf had come out of his home for a cigarette when he heard a terrifying crash, followed by a huge swirl of dust. The six-storey Husainee building where he had lived for the last month had collapsed, trapping nearly 50 people. Thirty-four of them were killed, including a newborn baby.  It was shocking. I had come down for a smoke, and within two minutes the building was no more,  said Altaf, who says he was unaware the apartment block was declared unsafe by housing authorities in India s financial hub six years ago. Across the teeming city of 20 million people, thousands of families live in crumbling buildings that have been officially declared uninhabitable - and most of them know it. Housing officials say they cannot be forced out because of lax laws. This year, the city s municipal corporation classified 791 buildings as beyond repair and too dangerous to live in, but close to 500 of these continue to be occupied, a municipal authority official said. Although regulations vary from country to country and also from state to state, authorities in most places have more powers to order evacuations. Altaf, in his mid-thirties, is a bachelor and was living with two co-workers in the apartment in the Bhendi Bazar locality, one of the oldest in the metropolis. His two flatmates survived, with minor knee and shoulder injuries, after jumping out of their apartment on the third floor. Police say they have yet to determine the cause of the collapse, which came after days of intense rain.  The 117-year-old apartment block in Bhendi Bazar, a packed neighborhood of narrow streets, shops and tenements, was declared unsafe in 2011 by the regulator, the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (MHADA). Yet it continued to house Altaf and his flatmates, along with five other families, a sweet shop warehouse and even a nursery on the first floor.  The owner of the building, Hakimmudin Bootwala, said seven families moved out by 2014, but other tenants refused despite his urging. One of them had sub-let the apartment to Altaf and his colleagues.  The people were my friends and neighbors first, and tenants later,  said the 73-year-old.  I sincerely advised them to move out. The building had lots of problems, leakages. The roof was fine, but the walls had become really weak and porous.  An official at MHADA said there was a law to force residents to evacuate dangerous buildings but enforcing it was impossible because of loopholes and legal challenges. For instance, evicting children and senior citizens could cause trouble, said the housing official, who declined to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the press.  We cut water and electricity supply of buildings that are identified as dangerous for living, but people manage to get water and electricity from nearby buildings,  said the  official. MHADA, which does a routine check of buildings that are older than 30 years, has identified more than 14,000 buildings in the city that need repair, according to its latest list.  Nine thousand of these, home to nearly 250,000 families, need to be redeveloped, the housing official said, adding that the other 5,000 were relatively safe due to regular maintenance work done by landowners in consultation with the housing body. Once regulators decide a building needs to redeveloped, they have to appoint a developer to renovate or rebuild the structure in the case of public housing, or order private owners to hire one. The developer, in turn, must offer residents alternative accommodation until the work is completed, according to state law in Mumbai.  But residents often complain the housing they are offered is too small, shabby or too far away.  Seventy percent of tenants of both privately- and publicly-owned buildings must agree to redevelop their building according to state rules, or no redevelopment work can commence. Building owners say residents are often unrealistic, refusing to leave even if the alternative housing is adequate. Some worry they could lose their tenancy if they move. The MHADA official said the agency does everything it can to get residents and developers to clinch an agreement, but that the process often gets mired in legal challenges.  The problems of the Husainee building were typical. A neighborhood body, the Saifee Burhani Upliftment Trust, had been selected by its owner in 2009 to redevelop the building along with other buildings in the neighborhood, even before the Husainee had been declared unsafe by MHADA. A trust official told Reuters it offered alternative housing to the residents in a place around 2.5 km (1.5 miles) from the building. The official said the trust repeated the offer in 2011 after MHADA declared the building unsafe.  A Reuters team visited the complex where the Husainee families who had agreed to move had been relocated, a gated high-rise complex with guards and a playground for kids. Residents said they were happy with their new apartments, although they complained about the distance to work.  But other Husainee families refused to move. MHADA officials said the trust was in charge of ensuring relocation and redevelopment and MHADA could not force the Husainee families to leave.  The trust has said it has repeatedly tried to evict families from Husainee but some residents refused to move.      This incident should be a wake-up call for the city, and a policy needs to be actioned to evict non-cooperating tenants who continue to live in dilapidated buildings,  the trust said in a  written reply to Reuters queries. Building owner Bootwala says the residents who refused to leave argued they did not want to upend their lives by moving to a new neighborhood. Also, they did not know how long it would take to renovate the building. Reuters was unable to talk to other residents from Husainee, but neighbors in Bhendi Bazar told similar stories. Despite knowing their buildings were unsafe, many of them did not want to leave.  A man in his 50s in the neighborhood, who refused to give his name, said he was living in a more than 100-year old building that had been deemed unsafe. The developer offered him temporary housing 13 km (8 miles) away, but he said that was too far.  I spent my entire life here. I know every lane in this area,  the man said.  My children s college, my workplace, everything is closer from here.  ",1
20997,"South Korea's Moon welcomes talks with North Korea, but now is not the time: media","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Tuesday he is open to all forms of talks with North Korea, but now is not the time for dialogue, making the comments two days after the North conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test.  Moon was speaking in an interview with Russia s TASS news agency in Russia a day ahead of his summit meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the Eastern Economic Forum which kicks off on Wednesday. ",1
20998,China's Xi wants to put relations with India on 'right track',"XIAMEN, China (Reuters) - China wants to put its relationship with India on the  right track , President Xi Jinping told Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday, as the two countries sought to mend ties damaged by a recent tense Himalayan border standoff. The meeting was the first between the two leaders since Chinese and Indian troops ended a standoff in the Doklam border region about a week ago that was the neighbors  most serious military confrontation in decades. Talks between Xi and Modi had been in question before the  de-escalation, which came just in time for China to host the BRICS summit of emerging economies, which also includes Brazil, Russia and South Africa, in the southeastern city of Xiamen. Healthy, stable ties were in the  interests of both countries, Xi told Modi in a meeting on the sidelines of the summit, according to a statement from China s foreign ministry.  China is willing to work with India ... to increase political trust, advance mutually beneficial cooperation and promote the further development of China-India relations along the correct path,  Xi said.  China and India must maintain the fundamental determination that each other constitute mutual development opportunities and do not constitute a mutual threat,  Xi said, adding that peaceful, cooperative relations were the  only correct choice . Xi and Modi spoke for more than an hour and the discussions were  constructive , Indian Foreign Secretary Subrahmanyam Jaishankar told reporters in Xiamen after the meeting.  There was a sense that if the relationship is to go forward, then peace and tranquility on the border area should be maintained,  Jaishankar said, adding that both sides agreed that strong contacts between their defense personnel were needed to prevent another border incident.  On both sides there was a sense that more efforts need to be made to ensure that these kinds of situations don t reoccur.  Pressed on how the Doklam dispute was discussed, Jaishankar said,  Both of us know what happened. This was not a backwards looking conversation. This was a forward-looking conversation.   Hundreds of troops were deployed on the Doklam plateau, near the borders of India, its ally Bhutan, and China after New Delhi objected to China building a road through the mountainous area. The quiet diplomacy that ultimately ended in de-escalation was based on a principle of stopping  differences becoming disputes  that Modi and Xi had agreed at a June meeting in Astana, an Indian official has said. Still, China and India remain divided on many fronts, including India s deep suspicions of China s growing military activities in and around the Indian Ocean. For its part, Modi s government has upset China with its public embrace of Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama, whom the Chinese regard as a dangerous separatist, and growing military ties with the United States and Japan. China has said its forces will continue to patrol in Doklam, which is claimed by Bhutan, and that it hoped India had learned a lesson from the incident.    ",1
20999,"China and India are development opportunities for each other, not threats, Xi tells Modi","BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping told Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi the two Asian giants are development opportunities for each other, not threats, China s foreign ministry spokesman, Geng Shuang, told a regular news briefing on Tuesday. Xi held a meeting with Modi in the southeastern Chinese town of Xiamen on the sidelines of a summit of the BRICS grouping of nations. ",1
21000,Indonesia to bar Myanmar protest at world's biggest Buddhist temple,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian police have pledged to bar Islamist groups from staging a rally on Friday at the Borobudur Buddhist temple in central Java to protest against the persecution of Myanmar s Rohingya Muslims. Islamist groups say they plan the demonstration close to the stupa-topped Borobudur temple, which dates from the 9th century and is a popular tourist site, to call for an end to violence against the religious and ethnic minority in Myanmar.  Indonesia has the world s largest population of Muslims and there have been a number of anti-Myanmar protests in Jakarta and the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur over the treatment of Buddhist-majority Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Rohingyas.  Almost 125,000 Rohingyas have been forced to flee clashes between Rohingya insurgents and the army in the northwest Rakhine state. Tens of thousands have crossed the border into neighboring Bangladesh.  The action at Borobudur temple will be prohibited,  National Police Chief Tito Karnavian told reporters, according to media.   This is not just part of the heritage of Indonesia, but that of the world. There is no need for protests in response to the Rohingya conflict because the Indonesian government is taking action on it already.  Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi on Monday met  Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi and top security officials to call for a halt to the bloodshed. Marsudi was due in Dhaka, the Bangladeshi capital, on Tuesday. Pakistani Foreign Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif expressed  deep anguish at the ongoing violence against the Rohingya Muslims  and urged the Organization of Islamic Cooperation to take  immediate and effective action to bring an end to all human-rights violations against innocent and unarmed Rohingya Muslim population . An organizer of Friday s planned protest said the groups wanted to protest peacefully near the Borobodur temple to show Indonesia s tolerance.  The Borobudur is an extraordinary symbol of tolerance,  said Anang Imamuddin.  We want the world to know that it is in a majority Muslim country but it is safe. Buddhist monks are safe here too.  ",1
21001,Venezuelan President Maduro will not go to U.N. rights forum,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro will not address the U.N. Human Rights Council next week, contrary to what had been announced, the United Nations and his country s diplomatic mission said on Tuesday. Maduro, accused of trampling on human rights and democracy in Venezuela, had been expected to address the opening day of a three-week United Nations Human Rights Council session on Sept. 11.  The president is not coming,  a Venezuelan diplomat in Geneva told Reuters on Tuesday. Rolando Gomez, Council spokesman, said in a statement:  Please note that per information the HRC Secretariat just received, President Maduro of Venezuela will not address the Human Rights Council.  Instead, (Foreign) Minister (Jorge) Arreaza Montserrat has been scheduled to address the Council on the opening day of the session.   In a report last week, the U.N. said that Venezuela s security forces had committed extensive and apparently deliberate human rights violations in crushing anti-government protests and that democracy was  barely alive . The actions indicated  a policy to repress political dissent and instil fear , the U.N. human rights office said in a report that called for further investigation and accountability. Maduro, whose country is currently one of the Council s 47 member states, addressed the Geneva forum in Nov. 2015. ",1
21002,Dangerous hurricane Irma moving towards Caribbean islands: NHC,"(Reuters) - Irma, now a category 4 , is heading towards the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean and is expected to move near or over the northern part of the region by Tuesday night or Wednesday, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said. Hurricane Irma is about 320 miles (515 km) east of the Leeward Islands and packing maximum sustained winds of 150 mph(240 km/h), the Miami-based weather forecaster said.   Swells generated by Irma will affect the northern Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. and British Virgin Islands during the next several days,  the NHC said.  ",1
21003,"Egypt signs memo with China on $739 million of funding for new train to capital, minister says","CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt signed on Tuesday a memo of understanding with China worth about $739 million for an electric train to a new capital the north African country is building, the Egyptian investment minister said.  Egypt also signed during President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi s visit to China an agreement for funding worth $45 million for a satellite project, Minister Sahar Nasr said.     ",1
21004,Boko Haram resurgence kills 381 civilians since April: Amnesty,"ABUJA (Reuters) - The Islamist militant group Boko Haram has killed 381 civilians in Nigeria and Cameroon since the beginning of April, rights group Amnesty International said on Tuesday, a testament to the militant group s deadly resurgence. The Nigerian military has repeatedly said Boko Haram has been  defeated . But in recent months, it has carried out a string of lethal suicide bombings and other high-profile attacks on towns and an oil exploration team.  The number of deaths since April 1 is more than double that for the preceding five months, Amnesty said.  Boko Haram has killed 223 civilians in Nigeria since April. The forcing of women and girls to act as suicide bombers has driven the sharp rise in deaths in northeast Nigeria and northern Cameroon, said Amnesty.  Boko Haram is once again committing war crimes on a huge scale, exemplified by the depravity of forcing young girls to carry explosives with the sole intention of killing as many people as they possibly can,  said Alioune Tine, Amnesty s director for West and Central Africa. In Nigeria, the deadliest attack was in July, when the militants abducted an oil exploration team with staff of the state oil firm and a university while they were traveling in a military convoy. Boko Haram killed 40 people and kidnapped three others, Amnesty said. Boko Haram suicide bombers have killed 81 people in Nigeria since the start of April, said Amnesty. In Cameroon, the Islamist insurgency has killed at least 158 people in the same period. That is also linked to a rise in suicide bombings, the deadliest of which killed 16 people in Waza in July, the rights group said. More than 2.5 million people have been displaced or become refugees in the Lake Chad region - which includes Nigeria, Cameroon, Niger and Chad -  while 7.2 million people lack secure access to food because of the conflict with Boko Haram, according to the United Nations. The insurgency has left more than 20,000 people dead since it began in 2009. ",1
21005,"Putin calls tougher North Korea sanctions senseless, warns of 'global catastrophe'","XIAMEN, China (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that imposing tougher sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear missile programme would be counter-productive and said threats of military action could trigger  a global catastrophe . Putin, speaking after a BRICs summit in China, criticised U.S. diplomacy in the crisis and renewed his call for talks, saying Pyongyang would not halt its missile testing programme until it felt secure.  Russia condemns North Korea s exercises, we consider that they are a provocation ... (But) ramping up military hysteria will lead to nothing good. It could lead to a global catastrophe,  he told reporters.  There s no other path apart from a peaceful one.  Putin was speaking after South Korea said an agreement with the United States to scrap a weight limit on its warheads would help it respond to the North Korea threat after Pyongyang conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test two days ago. Russia, which shares a border with North Korea, has repeatedly joined China in calling for negotiations with Pyongyang, suggesting that the United States and South Korea halt all major war games in exchange for North Korea halting its testing programme. While describing additional sanctions as  the road to nowhere , Putin said Russia was prepared to discuss  some details  around the issue, without elaborating. The Russian leader also lashed out at the United States, saying it was preposterous for Washington to ask for Moscow s help with North Korea after sanctioning Russian companies whom U.S officials accused of violating North Korea sanctions.  It s ridiculous to put us on the same (sanctions) list as North Korea and then ask for our help in imposing sanctions on North Korea,  said Putin.  This is being done by people who mix up Australia with Austria,  he added. The United States has floated the idea of requiring all countries to cut economic links with North Korea to try to strong-arm Pyongyang into changing its behaviour.  In Moscow s case, that would mean stopping using North Korean labourers, tens of thousands of whom work in Russia, and halting fuel supplies to Pyongyang. Russia has so far refused to contemplate doing either.   ",1
21006,Germany's Merkel says 'urgently need' more sanctions versus North Korea,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday European Union foreign ministers would discuss taking further sanctions against North Korea over its nuclear missile program at the weekend and that these were  required urgently .  North Korea s nuclear tests are a flagrant violation of all international conditions,  Merkel told the Bundestag lower house of parliament.  I say clearly and in the name of the whole government:  there can only be a peaceful, diplomatic solution,  she added. ",1
21007,All the president's men: China's politburo line-up a measure of Xi's power,"BEIJING (Reuters) - President Xi Jinping of China is expected to place trusted allies in the Communist Party s key decision-making Politburo during a leadership reshuffle at the 19th party Congress this autumn, according to multiple Chinese sources and foreign diplomats. A key measure of Xi s power will be how many of his allies are installed on the 25-member committee. At least 10 Politburo members are slated to retire due to an unwritten rule that politicians step down if they are 68 or older when they take on a new five-year term. And the youngest Politburo member, Sun Zhengcai, 53, is out of the running. He served as Chongqing party boss before being put under investigation in July for disciplinary violations, Communist Party jargon for corruption. The fate of the top corruption watchdog, Wang Qishan, 69, is also the subject of widespread conjecture. It is unclear if he will retain his seat in the elite seven-member Politburo Standing Committee, despite his age, and therefore his spot on the wider Politburo. The State Council Information Office, which doubles as the  spokesman s office for the cabinet and party, declined to comment on Politburo candidates when reached by telephone and fax.  Possible newcomers to the Politburo among Xi s allies (surnames in alphabetical order): Cai Qi, 61, has enjoyed a meteoric rise under Xi and is considered a shoo-in after he was named party boss of Beijing in May, despite not being a full or alternate member of the wider Central Committee. Since 1987, whoever holds the office of Beijing party chief has also been a Politburo member. Cai overlapped with Xi during the future president s 17-year stint in the southeastern province of Fujian, and in the eastern coastal province of Zhejiang, where Xi was party boss from 2002 to 2007. Cai is a native of Fujian. Chen Miner, 56, was seen to have performed strongly as the leader of Guizhou province before being named party boss of the southwestern metropolis of Chongqing on July 15, replacing Sun. Chen, a native of Zhejiang, is also virtually assured of a seat in the Politburo given his position in Chongqing, the sources said. Chen is a dark horse candidate to catapult straight onto the Standing Committee. Chen Quanguo, 61, was promoted to party chief of the restive far-western region of Xinjiang, bringing along with him the tough ethnic management policies he implemented at his previous post in Tibet. Chen has never worked closely with Xi. Chen Xi, 64 this month, a native of Fujian, is tipped to be promoted to minister of the party s organization department, overseeing the promotion and deployment of party officials. He is currently vice-minister at the department. Chen shared a dormitory with Xi when the two attended the prestigious Tsinghua University in the late 1970s. Ding Xuexiang, 55 this month, is likely to become director of the General Office of the Central Committee. He is currently No 2 in the General Office, which oversees day-to-day operations of the Politburo. Ding worked for Xi when the latter was party boss in Shanghai. He Lifeng, 62, chairman of the cabinet s National Development and Reform Commission, is a strong candidate to become one of five state councillors, a rank above cabinet minister but below vice premier. If he is named one of four vice premiers next March, he would be a favorite for the Politburo. He worked in Fujian from 1984 to 2009, overlapping with Xi, who was governor from 2000 to 2002. Huang Kunming, 60, a native of Fujian, is the front-runner to become the party s propaganda minister. He is currently No 1 vice-minister. He followed Xi from Fujian to Zhejiang. Li Hongzhong, 61, is party secretary of the northern port city of Tianjin. He never worked under Xi previously, but has been an ardent supporter of Xi s policies. Li Qiang, 58, a native of Zhejiang, is currently party boss of the eastern coastal province of Jiangsu. Li was Xi s right-hand man when Xi was party boss of Zhejiang. Li Xi, 60, currently party chief of the northeastern province of Liaoning, is seen to be in line for promotion to head a bigger province. He once worked in Xi s home province, Shaanxi, in China s northwest. Liu He, 65, is Xi s key economic advisor and a strong candidate to become a state councilor or vice premier. When then-U.S. National Security Adviser Tom Donilon visited Beijing in 2013, Xi introduced Liu as  very important to me , according to the Wall Street Journal. Liu holds a master s degree in public administration from Harvard University s Kennedy School of Government. Ma Xingrui, 57, was once the chief engineer of China s lunar program. Now the governor of Guangdong province, he is one of two candidates for party secretary, the top post, in the booming southern region. If successful, he would be assured of a Politburo seat. Wang Xiaohong, 60, is a candidate to lead either the police or the national security apparatus. He is currently a vice minister of public security and a vice mayor of Beijing. Wang cut his teeth in his home province Fujian, overlapping with Xi. Xia Baolong, 64, once touted to take over as security tsar, stepped down as party boss of Zhejiang province in April. In a surprise move, he was sidelined to the No 2 position in parliament s environmental protection and resources conservation committee, which may hurt his chances to join the Politburo. Xia, who ordered the tearing down of hundreds of church crosses in Wenzhou city in 2015, was Xi s deputy in Zhejiang. Ying Yong, 59, a native of Zhejiang, is currently mayor of Shanghai and a candidate to become party boss of the country s financial capital. He worked under Xi in Zhejiang as deputy police chief, the No 2 corruption watchdog and an appeals court acting chief judge. You Quan, 63, has been the Communist Party secretary of coastal Fujian province since December 2012. A native of Hebei province with a background in economics, he is a former chairman of the State Electricity Regulatory Commission.  (In entry on Cai Qi, makes clear that since 1987 the Beijing party chief office-holder, not Cai himself, has also had a seat on the Politburo)  ",1
21008,China rules out military force as option to resolve Korean peninsula issues,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The use of military force to resolve issues on the Korean peninsula is never an option, China s Foreign Ministry spokesman, Geng Shuang, told a daily news briefing in Beijing on Tuesday. ",1
21009,Indian and Chinese defense forces must maintain cooperation: Indian Foreign Secretary,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Indian Foreign Secretary Subrahmanyam Jaishankar said Indian and Chinese troops must maintain cooperation to ensure that a recent confrontation on their common border did not happen again. Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a BRICS summit in the southeastern Chinese city of Xiamen, Jaishankar said peace in border areas was a prerequisite for India-China development and the two countries had agreed to make more efforts to enhance mutual trust. ",1
21010,China's Xi tells India's Modi to safeguard peace in border areas: media,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s President Xi Jinping told India s Prime Minister Modi on Tuesday that the two countries should respect each other and safeguard peace in border areas, according to the state-owned People s Daily.  Xi also told Modi that India should treat China s development correctly and rationally in a meeting on the sidelines of a summit of BRICS countries, according to the People s Daily.    ",1
21011,Taiwan appoints new premier to drive reform efforts,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan has appointed as premier William Lai, the mayor of its southern city of Tainan, President Tsai Ing-wen said on Tuesday, as she moved to shore up declining public support. A reshuffle to replace the premier had been anticipated for months as Tsai s approval ratings dropped below 30 percent by August, a private foundation survey showed, from nearly 70 percent soon after her 2016 inauguration.  We have a clear direction for our reforms,  Tsai told a news briefing.  Premier Lai will lead the administrative team, iron out any problems, and take us forward.   Lai s appointment comes a day after the resignation of Lin Chuan, the premier since Tsai took office in May 2016. Frozen ties with China, a massive power outage in the tech hub for Apple Inc and other global firms, a backlash over pension reforms and a revised labor rule, are among the controversies that put pressure on Tsai to replace Lin, as she prepares for her 2020 re-election campaign. Lai, a Harvard graduate, was a lawmaker for four consecutive terms and a whip of Tsai s Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) caucus before becoming in 2010 the mayor of Tainan, home to the plants of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) and other technology firms.  I ll redouble our efforts to reform and transform, for the benefit of the people of Taiwan,  Lai said. However, Lai s premiership would not necessarily help the president improve her ratings, some analysts have said.  ",1
21012,Japan Airlines plane makes emergency landing in Tokyo,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japan Airlines (JAL) plane made an emergency landing at Tokyo s Haneda International Airport shortly after takeoff on Tuesday following an apparent bird strike, an airline spokesman said. There were no injuries among any of the 248 people on board, the spokesman said. Video footage appeared to show flames shooting from one engine of the Boeing 777 soon after takeoff. A bird strike was believed to be the cause, although it was still being investigated, the spokesman said. The plane, bound for New York, was carrying 233 passengers and 15 staff.  ",1
21013,"India, China need to do more to avoid border disputes: India foreign secretary","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping agreed that more needed to be done to avoid future border disputes, India s foreign secretary said on Tuesday. Modi and Xi on Tuesday met for more than an hour on the sidelines of the BRICS nations summit in the Chinese city of Xiamen, a week after agreeing to end a more than two-month long stand-off along their disputed border.  One of the important points made during the meeting was that peace and tranquility in the border areas was a prerequisite for the further development of our relationship,  S. Jaishankar told reporters. ",1
21014,"Persecution of all Muslims in Myanmar on the rise, rights group says","BANGKOK (Reuters) - The systematic persecution of minority Muslims is on the rise across Myanmar and not confined to the northwestern state of Rakhine, where recent violence has sent nearly 90,000 Muslim Rohingya fleeing, a Myanmar rights group said on Tuesday. The independent Burma Human Rights Network said that persecution was backed by the government, elements among the country s Buddhist monks, and ultra-nationalist civilian groups.  The transition to democracy has allowed popular prejudices to influence how the new government rules, and has amplified a dangerous narrative that casts Muslims as an alien presence in Buddhist-majority Burma,  the group said in a report. The report draws on more than 350 interviews in more than 46 towns and villages over an eight-month period since March 2016. Myanmar s government made no immediate response to the report. Authorities deny discrimination and say security forces in Rakhine are fighting a legitimate campaign against  terrorists . Besides Rohingya Muslims, the report also examines the wider picture of Muslims of different ethnicities across Myanmar following waves of communal violence in 2012 and 2013. The report says many Muslims of all ethnicities have been refused national identification cards, while access to Islamic places of worship has been blocked in some places. At least 21 villages around Myanmar have declared themselves  no-go zones  for Muslims, backed by the authorities, it said. In Rakhine state, the report highlighted growing segregation between Buddhists and Muslim communities and severe travel restriction for the Muslim Rohingyas, which limited their access to health care and education. Tens of thousands of Rohingya have fled into neighboring Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked dozens of police posts and an army base. The ensuing clashes and a military counter-offensive have killed at least 400 people. The treatment of Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Rohingya is the biggest challenge facing Myanmar de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi, who critics say have not done enough to protect the Muslim minority from persecution. The London-based Burma Human Rights Network has been advocating among the international community for human rights in Myanmar since 2012, it says on its website. ",1
21015,"Disabled in war, Afghan soldiers seek a living on the streets","JALALABAD, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Afghan soldier Mehrullah Safi s military career ended in southern Helmand province last year when a rocket-propelled grenade exploded next to him, severing his right leg. Now he sells mobile telephone cards in the street. Tens of thousands of Afghan troops have been disabled in the 16 years since a U.S.-led campaign ousted the Taliban in 2001. In city streets and marketplaces all over the country, they offer a stark reminder of the human cost of the war.  It was the worst day of my life,  Safi, a former army lieutenant, said.  We were surrounded by dozens of Taliban, there was a heavy fight going on and I was in a bad condition for two days until I was transferred to hospital.  With his left leg and a hand also shattered, Safi s leg was amputated in the field. After eight unsuccessful operations on his badly damaged left leg, he hopes a ninth will stabilize it.  I served my country and I don t regret being wounded but when I see my wounds have no value for my government, then I do regret it.  Safi says he received a one-off payment of 184,000 afghani ($2,690) when he was disabled, besides 10,500 afghani ($153) every month. Unable to walk, he sits in a small booth in a market in the eastern city of Jalalabad, supplementing his pension with about 5,000 to 8,000 afghani earned from the sales of mobile phone scratch cards each month.  I ve built a small business to feed my family but now municipal workers harass me in the market,  he said.  My family blames me for ruining their lives.  The government says it does what it can as it battles an insurgency that kills and wounds thousands of soldiers each year and tries to rebuild an economy destroyed by decades of strife. Wounded soldiers usually get a year s pay and a monthly pension. About 130,000 severely disabled military and civilian individuals now receive benefits, said government spokesman Fatah Ahmadzai.    But officials say they know the sum is far too small for veterans supporting families of five or more.  As much as we provide support to our disabled, it is nothing to what they have suffered,  said defense ministry spokesman Dawlat Waziri.  The ministry is working day and night to find a way to increase the amount our soldiers are paid. But Afghanistan does not have the money to solve this issue on its own.  As U.S. forces prepare for an intensified engagement in Afghanistan, an end to the fighting appears a distant prospect and casualty numbers will certainly grow. That risks adding to the war-weariness of Afghan troops and their families and the difficulty in finding new recruits to fill the gaps.  My family tried to make me leave the army the first time I was wounded, but I refused,  said Hayatullah Sahar, who suffered two more injuries before leaving to work as a taxi driver.  When I was wounded the second and third times, my mother cried and begged me to leave. She even tore up my army identification and hospital papers. Afghanistan has run several advertising campaigns to whip up pride in its security forces and has trumpeted an Afghan team s participation in the Invictus Games for disabled soldiers. But the bitter reality is hard to counter, leaving many feeling painfully conflicted.  When I think back to when I joined the army, I regret it and blame myself,  said former soldier Riazullah, who lost both legs to a roadside bomb in the southeastern province of Ghazni.  My family also blames me for what happened, but I tell my children to study, and one day, they will understand the value of what I did for this country.  ",1
21016,Australia's high court hears challenge to same-sex marriage vote,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s high court on Tuesday began a hearing on the validity of a government plan for a postal vote to legalize same-sex marriage, a challenge that risks destabilizing the ruling center-right coalition. If the court rules against the plan, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull could find himself presiding over a government fractured on the issue, endangering his razor-thin parliamentary majority of one.  With the non-compulsory vote a couple of weeks away, its opponents have launched a legal challenge, saying the vote needs the backing of parliament - which has twice rejected such a national ballot.   This case is about dignity and equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex Australians,  Anna Brown, director of legal advocacy at the Human Rights Law Centre, which leads the opposition to the vote, told reporters in Melbourne.  We re here because we all believe and want marriage equality. This postal plebiscite has big question marks around its legal validity.   Conservative lawmakers have threatened to resign if the ballot policy is not adhered to, risking Turnbull s parliamentary majority.  But he may not be able to stick to the postal vote policy, as a group of liberal politicians has threatened to rebel and side with the opposition, which would probably end his tenure as leader, analysts say. Turnbull supports same-sex marriage, as do two-thirds of Australians, but his party s conservative wing has threatened a revolt if he deviates from the policy of a national ballot. Frustrated by the political impasse, a group of backbenchers  this year said they were ready to vote with the opposition Labor Party to secure same-sex marriage, a plan only abandoned when Turnbull offered a postal vote. While a rejection of the legal challenge offers a political solution, an increasingly vitriolic campaign forced Turnbull to urge both sides to show mutual respect. Turnbull s plea has gone largely unheeded, however.      Opponents of same-sex marriage last week launched a contentious campaign advertisement that the government immediately rejected as inaccurate. Since the postal vote is not a formal election it is not subject to the same rules on political advertisements, and activists fear a surge in malicious campaigning in the run-up.  Our concern is around a sustained, intense campaign. It will make a question that should be a private matter between two people, a matter for public discussion,  Elaine Pearson, director of New York-based Human Rights Watch, who supports same-sex marriage but opposes the national vote, told Reuters.  ",1
21017,"China's Xi says BRICS countries should deepen coordination, quicken reform of global economic governance","XIAMEN, China (Reuters) - BRICS countries should deepen coordination on important global matters and quicken global economic governance reform, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Tuesday.  Speaking at the BRICS summit in the southeastern Chinese city Xiamen, Xi also said BRICS countries have made smooth progress on anti-terrorism and internet security cooperation. ",1
21018,Report on Mexican attorney general's Ferrari drives corruption debate,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A report that Mexico s attorney general owns a Ferrari registered at an unoccupied house has added a twist to a growing political battle over who will lead a new institution designed to battle corruption. The report by a Mexican anti-graft group published on Monday said Mexican Attorney General Raul Cervantes had a $218,000 Ferrari registered at an apparently unoccupied house, worth $25,000, in the state of Morelos that also had two other Ferraris and an Audi registered to the same address. Cervantes said through his lawyer he bought a 2011 Ferrari with his earnings as a private lawyer before entering public service, and that it was registered at that address by the company that had imported the luxury car. Cervantes is already at the center of a growing political battle in Mexico, which is implementing a new anti-corruption system that will replace the current attorney general s office with a new institution next year that is designed to be more independent from political interference. President Enrique Pena Nieto s administration has been hit by conflict of interest scandals and his Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) has been battered by corruption allegations against several governors. Revelations about the lavish lifestyles of politicians has further damaged the popularity of the ruling class in a country where 44 percent of people are officially poor.  Opposition lawmakers have objected to allowing Cervantes to become the head of the new prosecutor general s office, a figure who will serve a 9-year term in a move away from the current system where the president nominates the attorney general. Ricardo Anaya, the head of the conservative National Action Party, said in a video posted online at the weekend that Cervantes could protect members of the PRI from facing corruption charges if he becomes the new prosecutor general. Anaya has himself been the subject of recent media reports that said his wife s parents had significantly expanded business and real estate holdings in recent years. Anaya has denied any wrongdoing. Cervantes  lawyer said the registration of the Ferrari was an administrative error.   Dr. Cervantes only found out about it this very morning in the newspaper and has already made the corresponding administrative adjustments,  lawyer Cristina Rocha wrote in a letter reposted on Cervantes Twitter page.   In this case, there is nothing illegal, there was only an administrative error in the registry of one address for another in Morelos,  the letter said. Mexicans Against Corruption and Impunity said documents showed 16 luxury cars had been registered to just four homes on the same street of low-cost town houses. The report said neighbors had never seen fancy cars on their street and said the homes in question seemed to be uninhabited. ",1
21019,North Korea seen moving ICBM-grade rocket towards west coast: media,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea has been observed moving what appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) towards its west coast, South Korea s Asia Business Daily reported on Tuesday, citing an unidentified intelligence source. The rocket started moving on Monday, a day after North Korea s sixth nuclear test, and was spotted moving at night to avoid surveillance, the report said. North Korea has launch facilities for its missile program on its west coast. South Korea s defense ministry said they were unable to confirm the contents of the report. The ministry said in parliament on Monday that North Korea was considered ready to launch more missiles, including ICBMs, at any time. ",1
21020,Brazil prosecutor says new audio threatens Batista leniency deal,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - A leniency deal struck between the controlling shareholders of Brazilian meatpacker JBS SA and prosecutors may be partially revoked, threatening witnesses  immunity but keeping their testimony, the country s top prosecutor said on Monday. Prosecutor General Rodrigo Janot said at a news conference that billionaire meat tycoon Joesley Batista and a fellow state s witness seemed to have inadvertently recorded a four-hour conversation discussing crimes not covered in their plea bargain. The audio was submitted to prosecutors on Thursday as an attachment to an unrelated matter, he said. Joesley Batista and his brother Wesley previously confessed to bribing scores of politicians in plea bargain testimony that allowed them to avoid prosecution. With their help, prosecutors got a recording of President Michel Temer apparently endorsing hush payments to a possible witness in a graft probe. Janot said the new audio was  very troubling  because it suggested the Batistas had not been forthcoming about all of their crimes. He also said the audio implicated someone at the Supreme Court of unspecified wrongdoing and suggested that a prosecutor in his office had aided the Batistas illegally. Janot said evidence from their plea bargain testimony, which he has used to bring corruption charges against Temer, will stand regardless of whether witnesses lose immunity after an investigation of the new audio. The prosecutor general is expected to bring a second wave of charges against Temer in coming weeks. Questions about the Batistas  testimony are likely to hang over the charges against Temer, making it easier for members of Congress to prevent the president from facing trial at the Supreme Court, as they did with earlier charges. Temer declined to comment on the matter when asked by reporters in China. J&F Investimentos SA, the holding company through which the Batista family controls JBS, said Janot had hastily interpreted the recording, which contained  considerations of hypotheses  and did not compromise the good faith of the witnesses. The company agreed in May to pay a leniency fine of 10.3 billion reais ($3.3 billion) for its role in a political bribery scheme. Since then, Joesley Batista resigned as chairman of JBS, but his brother Wesley remains chief executive and has been fighting efforts to remove him led by state development bank BNDES, another major shareholder in the world s largest meatpacker. Janot opened an investigation on Monday into revising the leniency deals of Joesley Batista and two other J&F executives, according to a document on his office s website. Since the plea deal, J&F has been racing to sell assets in order to reduce debt and pay the leniency fine. In three months, the holding company has signed agreements to sell Havaianas flip-flops maker Alpargatas SA, dairy company Vigor Alimentos SA and pulpmaker Eldorado Brasil Celulose SA. ($1 = 3.1409 reais) ",1
21021,Voice of triumph or doom: North Korean presenter back in limelight for nuclear test,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Wearing a pink Korean dress and flashing a wide smile, television presenter Ri Chun Hee delivered the news of Pyongyang s sixth nuclear test with her usual gusto. Using her trademark bombastic delivery, Ri announced on state television on Sunday the hydrogen bomb test was  a perfect success!  and a key step in  completing the state nuclear force.  The 74-year-old grandmother is considered a national hero who first took to the airwaves in 1971, leaving a career in acting for the broadcaster Korean Central Television (KCTV) Ri s dramatic flare set her apart from other announcers - whether she was angrily denouncing the West or boasting of the regime s achievements and the strength of its leaders.  She s the perfect person to voice North Korea s hard-line stance,  said Ahn Chan-il, a high-ranking North Korean defector who now lives in South Korea.      There is no one else who has that power in her voice as she does. It s just right for talking about nuclear weapons or missiles,  Ahn said. Ri, who usually wears a traditional Korean dress known as a hanbok, has also shown a softer side.  She famously wept on air when announcing North Korea s founder Kim Il Sung s death in 1994. When his son Kim Jong Il died in 2011, it was Ri - clad in black funeral clothes and her voice trembling - who delivered the news to North Koreans.   Despite officially retiring in 2012, Ri has been brought back for major announcements. Sunday s broadcast underscored her longevity at a time when current leader Kim Jong Un has purged some party and military officials from his father s era.  Outside North Korea, the  pink lady  is a familiar face of the regime during the latest tensions over Pyongyang s weapons programs.  I know that if something happens, she will talk,  said Tokyo resident Masashi Sakota. Matt Walker, a credit manager in Sydney, said Ri was  very expressive and excited  on the news item he watched this week.  I don t know how you can get excited about bombs going off. It just seems very odd,  he said. In a rare 2012 interview with China s state-run CCTV, Ri said she wanted to help train the next generation of North Korean broadcasters, who she said were younger and better suited for today s television audience.  She said she saved her gentler side for the North Korean public.  When we read to people in the DPRK, you shouldn t shout but speak gently to viewers,  Ri said. (This version of the story corrects order of name in paragraph 13 to Masashi Sakota) ",1
21022,Trump agrees 'in principle' to scrap South Korean warhead weight limit: White House,"WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump agreed  in principle  to scrap a warhead weight limit on South Korea s missiles in the wake of North Korea s sixth nuclear test, the White House said on Monday. During a call with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, Trump also gave  conceptual approval  for South Korea to buy billions of dollars of weapons from the United States, the White House said in a statement. Separately, South Korea s presidential office said the two leaders had agreed to scrap the weight limit and to apply the strongest sanctions and pressure on North Korea through the United Nations. In a separate phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin also on Monday, Moon said the U.N. Security Council should seek ways to sever North Korea s foreign currency income, including from its workers employed abroad and oil shipments, according to the South Korean statement. Under the existing missile pact between the United States and South Korea, Seoul s warheads currently face a cap of 500 kg (1100 lb). The agreement, last amended in 2012, was in the process of being changed in the wake of a series of missile tests by North Korea this year after Moon took office in May, including two intercontinental ballistic missile launches. North Korea said it tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on Sunday, prompting global condemnation and a U.S. warning of a  massive  military response if it or its allies were threatened. An unlimited warhead weight allowance would enable the South to strike North Korea with greater force in the event of a military conflict. The missiles would still be bound by a flight range cap of 800 km. No changes to the flight range were mentioned in the Blue House statement. Most analysts and policymakers agree cutting off supplies of oil to North Korea would hurt its economy. It remains to be seen whether China, the North s biggest ally and trade partner, would cooperate. South Korea said earlier in the day it was talking to the United States about deploying aircraft carriers and strategic bombers to the Korean peninsula after signs North Korea might launch more missiles. ",1
21023,Sao Paulo Mayor Doria could quit party for presidential bid,"SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Presidential hopeful Jo o Doria, the mayor of Brazil s largest city, made it clear on Monday that he is not married to the centrist Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB) and is open to courtship from other parties. The stance of the rising young star of Brazilian politics will put the PSDB under pressure since his mentor and party stalwart, Geraldo Alckmin, the governor of Sao Paulo, also plans a presidential bid in next year s elections.  I will become a candidate the day I declare and have the support of a party,  Doria told reporters after addressing a business conference in Sao Paulo on Monday, without naming the PSDB. While he has not announced that he will run, the 59-year-old self-made millionaire and former TV presenter has said he would accept if nominated by his party. A Datafolha poll in June showed Doria is little known by Brazilian voters compared to Alckmin, but he has a far lower rejection rate and is on track to become more popular than the governor, who lost a presidential bid in 2004 to Workers Party incumbent Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. Alckmin has said publicly that he intends to run in the Oct. 7 election and favors a U.S.-style primary if the PSDB has several contenders for the nomination. Doria opposes holding a primary and has not ruled out quitting the party. In an interview published on Monday by the Estado de S.Paulo newspaper, the mayor said the party should pick its candidate based on who the opinion polls say is more popular. Doria said he would continue in the PSDB but that other parties were reaching out to him and he left open the option of leaving to run for president.  I intend to continue in the PSDB, until some circumstance prevents me from doing so,  he told the newspaper in Paris, where he met on Friday with French President Emmanuel Macron, a similarly young untested politician who rapidly rose to office. Doria, an outsider who won his first election last year in a landslide victory for Sao Paulo mayor, has become a potential favorite center-right candidate offering an fresh clean face among Brazil s corruption-plagued political class. ",1
21024,China pledges new funding for BRICS as group opposes protectionism,"XIAMEN, China (Reuters) - China will give $80 million in funding for BRICS cooperation plans, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Monday, while the bloc of five emerging countries pledged to oppose protectionism. Xi offered 500 million yuan ($76.4 million) for a BRICS economic and technology cooperation plan, and another $4 million for projects at the group s New Development Bank (NDB) during a three-day leaders summit in the southeastern city of Xiamen.  China s new contributions to BRICS pale in comparison to its $124 billion pledge earlier in May for Xi s own Belt and Road initiative, which aims to expand links between Asia, Africa, Europe and beyond as a new way to boost global development. The announcement came amid questions over the relevance of BRICS and China s commitment to the NDB in light of the Belt and Road initiative and the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, both key efforts by Beijing to bolster its global influence. Xi said during a plenary session at the BRICS leaders  summit that the five emerging economies - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa - should increase cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment, monetary policy and finance, and sustainable development.  We should redouble our efforts to comprehensively deepen BRICS partnerships and open BRICS cooperation,  he said. Set up in 20l5 as an alternative to the World Bank, the Shanghai-headquartered NDB was seen as the first major BRICS achievement after the group came together in 2009 to press for a bigger say in the post-World War Two financial order created by Western powers. The BRICS leaders will gather in Xiamen through Tuesday, giving host China its latest chance to position itself as a bulwark of globalization in the face of U.S. President Donald Trump s  America First  agenda. A draft  Xiamen Declaration  seen by Reuters, a formal version of which is expected to be issued later, said BRICS countries will continue to firmly oppose protectionism as they are committed to an  open and inclusive  multilateral trading system. The communique emphasized the need to be vigilant in guarding against  inward-looking policies  that could hurt global market confidence, and called upon all countries to fully implement the Paris climate agreement. The summit has been overshadowed by North Korea s sixth and most powerful nuclear test, which came on Sunday just hours before Xi opened the meeting with a keynote speech, and prompted a vow of a  massive  military response from the United States if it or its allies were threatened. Though China s Foreign Ministry has condemned the test, Xi did not mention North Korea during that 45-minute address or in  his televised remarks during Monday s plenary session. The BRICS grouping said in its draft communique that it strongly deplored Pyongyang s test, but that the problem over its nuclear program should only be settled through peaceful means and dialogue.  We express deep concern over the ongoing tension and prolonged nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula,  it said. North Korea tested two ICBMs in July that could fly about 10,000 km (6,200 miles), putting many parts of the U.S. mainland within range and prompting a new round of tough international sanctions. Though angered over the tests, China - North Korea s closest ally - has lambasted the West and its allies over recent weeks for promoting the  China responsibility theory  for North Korea. The U.N. Security Council was set to meet later on Monday to discuss new sanctions against the isolated regime.  Chen Fengying, an economics expert at the state-backed China Institutes of Contemporary International Relations, said on the sidelines of the BRICS meeting that at the most BRICS countries will take note of the North Korean problem.   Intervention is rather difficult. Our cooperation is mainly on global governance,  she said. ",1
21025,"Syrian army, allies thrust east to break siege in Deir al-Zor city","BEIRUT (Reuters) - With a sudden lunge through jihadist lines, the Syrian army and its allies on Monday came to within 3 km of relieving the Euphrates city of Deir al-Zor, where Islamic State has besieged 93,000 civilians and an army garrison for years.  The advance on the eastern city marks another stinging setback for the once-triumphant Islamic State, fast retreating in both Iraq and Syria as its self-declared caliphate crumbles. Syrian troops were rapidly approaching the city, reaching a point 3 km (2 miles) away, state television said. Dozens of trucks loaded with food stood ready to enter the enclave in the city once government forces break the siege, it said.    (For a graphic on battle for control in Syria click tmsnrt.rs/2wyo0lw)  A military media unit run by Hezbollah, a key ally of Damascus, said the advancing forces were heading to the garrison s camp on the city outskirts.  Deir al-Zor s provincial governor told Reuters he expected the army could reach the city within hours.   Islamic State is in confusion. There is no leadership or centralized control,  said a commander in the military alliance supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Hemmed in on all sides, Islamic State, which ruled over millions of people in both Iraq and Syria at its peak in 2014, is falling back on a last Euphrates stronghold downstream of Deir al-Zor city in the towns of al-Mayadin and al-Bukamal, near the border with Iraq.  But as it has lost its core territory - defeated in Iraq s Mosul now yielding street after street in Syria s Raqqa - the ultra-hardline group has still been able to launch attacks in the West and maintain a threat in other centers such as Libya. The fighters have been driven out of nearly all of their territory in Iraq over the past two years by government forces backed by a U.S.-led coalition. In Syria, they are fighting against both Assad s Russian-backed government and a U.S.-backed Arab and Kurdish militia that has launched an assault on Raqqa. In the IS-encircled pocket in Deir al-Zor, news of the army s approach prompted people to take to the streets to celebrate, governor Mohammed Ibrahim Samra said by phone. The city has been cut off since 2013, after rebel groups rose up against Assad during the first flush of Syria s six-year war. Islamic State then overran rebel positions and encircled the army s enclave in the city in 2014. It was a major prize. Deir al-Zor is the center of Syria s oil industry, a source of wealth to the group and a serious loss to Damascus. As the army has pushed east in recent months, oil and gas fields have once more fallen to the government.  Islamic State fighters stepped up efforts this year to seize the enclave before the army could arrive. In January, they severed it from the city s military airbase and took over a nearby hill, further straining its links to the outside.  During the long siege, high-altitude air drops have supplied the city. The United Nations said in August it estimated there were 93,000 civilians in the government s Deir al-Zor pocket, where conditions were  extremely difficult .   Despite all this and despite the shelling and injured, things are running in the city,  governor Samra had said on Sunday.  The institutions are running, the bakeries. Water is also pumped twice a week to our residents, aid is distributed daily.   For Assad, the weekend s lightning advance caps months of steady progress after government forces turned from their victory over rebels in the northern commercial capital Aleppo last December to push eastwards against Islamic State.  The army has been advancing in a rapid and calculated way from all directions,  a Syrian military source said, referring to the months-long campaign across the desert.  With Russian jets and an alliance of Shi ite militias backed by Iran, including Lebanon s Hezbollah, the army has captured swathes of the central and eastern deserts in parallel offensives from Palmyra and al-Resafa.  Those offensives have accelerated since linking up last month, taking swathes of land from Islamic State except for a small zone near the town of al-Salamiya. The militants still control much of Deir al-Zor province, including half the city.  Heavy Russian air cover has helped the Syrian military and allied forces march toward the city, Russia s defense ministry said in a statement on Monday. A resident of the city reached by telephone, who gave his name only as Mohammad, said he could hear the sound of warplanes in the distance. The army advances over the last two days had sparked  indescribable joy  among people in the enclave after years of siege, he said. Under attack, Islamic State has pulled reinforcements from al-Mayadin and relied on its usual tactics of booby traps, mines and sudden raids, the commander in the pro-Assad alliance said.  The latest advance came after intense preparatory artillery, a multi-pronged assault and gains in high ground commanding nearby areas, the non-Syrian commander said.  Meanwhile, as the army and its allies have forced other militant pockets to surrender, including an Islamic State enclave on Syria s border with Lebanon a week ago, they have been able to transfer more troops to the desert campaign.   It helped a lot to switch the military effort of the Syrian army and the resistance to the eastern Syrian desert,  the commander said, adding that thousands of troops had arrived from the battle on the Lebanon border.  Islamic State fighters and their families evacuated from that enclave as part of a surrender deal were escorted by the Syrian army and Hezbollah to east Syria, but have been stopped by a U.S.-led coalition from reaching Deir al-Zor.  Ten of the original 17 buses are now stuck in no-man s land between pro-government forces and Islamic State territory and six buses retreated back into government areas, the commander added. ",1
21026,Two Russian soldiers killed by shelling in Syria's Deir al-Zor province: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Two Russian servicemen have been killed in Deir al-Zor province after Islamic State militants shelled a convoy they were escorting, the Russian Defence Ministry was cited as saying on Monday by the Interfax news agency. The convoy was transporting Russian ceasefire monitoring military staff when it came under mortar attack, the ministry was quoted as saying.  One soldier was killed on the spot and the other died in hospital after sustaining serious injuries. Both were awarded posthumous military awards, the ministry said.       Russia said earlier on Monday that its air force was helping the Syrian army push ahead with an offensive on the Euphrates city of Deir al-Zor, where Islamic State has besieged 93,000 civilians and an army garrison for years. ",1
21027,Small German parties fight for third place and possibly power in TV debate,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The leading candidates of Germany s smaller parties locked horns over migration, security and foreign policy in a television debate on Monday. It came less than three weeks before the federal election in which the third-placed party could turn out to be the kingmaker. The clash followed a debate between centre-right Chancellor Angela Merkel and her Social Democrat (SPD) challenger Martin Schulz on Sunday in which hardly any differences emerged. This stirred speculation that a re-run of the current grand coalition between the conservative CDU/CSU bloc and the SPD is the most likely outcome of the Sept. 24 vote. Merkel and Schulz both have stressed they want to avoid such a scenario. But polls suggest that the next government would have a stable majority only with another grand coalition or with a tricky three-way coalition between the conservatives, the Greens and the business-friendly Free Democrats (FDP). In the debate of the smaller parties, Cem Ozdemir from the Greens attacked Die Linke (Left) candidate Sahra Wagenknecht and AfD politician Alice Weidel for their euroceptic rhetoric.  This anti-European populism is simply wrong   no matter if it comes from far-left or far-right,  Ozdemir said, adding that Germany was benefiting immensely from the European Union and that it was easy to always blame Brussels for national problems in member states. Weidel from the rightist anti-immigrant AfD blamed the European Central Bank s ultra-loose monetary policy for soaring rents and  property prices in German cities and accused the ECB of violating European treaties with its bond-buying program. FDP candidate Christian Lindner tried to corner Ozdemir by accusing him of applying double standards in foreign policy and having an inconsistent approach toward Russia. Lindner raised eyebrows last month when he suggested that Germany might have to accept Russia s 2014 annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine as a  permanent provisional arrangement . Merkel has condemned Russia s annexation of Crimea and its support for anti-government separatists in eastern Ukraine, leading Europe in maintaining economic sanctions against Moscow. Linder himself said Germany should not mix refugee and asylum policies with the need for a modern and well-directed immigration law to attract more highly educated workers from abroad to avert a shortage of skilled labor in Germany. Turning to the threat of Islamist attacks, Lindner said there was no need for tougher security laws, adding that last year s Christmas market attack in Berlin by a failed asylum seeker could probably have been averted if authorities had only implemented existing laws more strictly. AfD s Weidel called for tougher border controls to improve security and suggested there should be an upper limit of 10,000 refugees per year. The Bavarian CSU conservatives want an official cap of 200,000 refugees per year   a proposal opposed by Merkel and the co-governing Social Democrats. The SPD is trailing Merkel s conservative CDU/CSU bloc by double digits in polls. The latest survey by Emnid showed on Sunday that the SPD gained one percentage point to 24 percent and Merkel s conservatives remained unchanged at 38 percent. The leftist Die Linke came in at 9 percent, making it the third-strongest political force. The Greens,  FDP and AfD stood at 8 percent each. This means that six parties are expected to enter the Bundestag lower house of parliament, up from the current four. The fractured political landscape could make it hard to form another viable alliance than the current grand coalition. ",1
21028,Anti-Uber protests disrupt major Chilean airport; one dead,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Taxi drivers protesting the growth of mobile ride hailing applications such as Uber and Cabify blocked the main road to Chile s principal airport in capital Santiago on Monday, leading to one death and wreaking havoc on travelers  plans. Santiago-based LATAM Airlines, the region s biggest carrier, as well as budget carrier Sky suffered delays, local media reported. Television images showed traffic backed up for miles (kilometers), while many passengers resorted to walking along the highway. One 65-year-old Brazilian tourist stuck in traffic died of a cardiovascular event, Chilean police said without offering any further details. A medical helicopter evacuated the man, but it was too late, they added.   This takeover of the airport by the taxi drivers has significantly hurt the image of Chile, the image of the airlines, and has hurt people traveling or arriving in the country,  Claudio Orrego, the governor of the Santiago Metropolitan Region, told reporters. He added that the government would bring charges against those responsible for the protests, and that at least 15 people had already been arrested. Legislation is advancing slowly through Chile s Congress to regulate Uber and Cabify, which remain in a legal gray zone. While some authorities have promised to sanction users of the widely used applications, they have also expressed a desire to bring the services within Chile s existing regulatory framework. ",1
21029,Trump says to approve lifting restrictions on South Korea missile payload limits,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump gave his  in principle  approval to lift restriction on South Korea s missile payload capabilities, the White House said on Monday. Trump agreed to strengthen joint military capabilities during a call with South Korean President Moon Jae-in and gave  conceptual approval  for South Korea to buy billions of dollars of weapons from the United States. North Korea said it tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on Sunday, prompting global condemnation and a U.S. warning of a  massive  military response if it or its allies were threatened. ",1
21030,"Colombia, ELN rebels agree temporary ceasefire starting Oct. 1","BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia and the Marxist ELN rebel group said on Monday they  agreed a temporary ceasefire that would run through mid-January 2018, but it would not be in effect when Pope Francis arrives in the Andean country for a visit later this week. The ceasefire, the first with the ELN, is due to begin on Oct. 1 and end on Jan. 12, with the possibility for extensions if it is respected, President Juan Manuel Santos said in a televised address to the country.  The priority is to protect citizens, so during this period, kidnappings, attacks on oil pipelines and other hostilities against the civilian population will cease,  he said. The two sides have long said the pope s visit would be a good opportunity to call a ceasefire. The government said details and verification methods were still being finalized and that was why the ceasefire did not begin immediately. The National Liberation Army (ELN) rebel group, which has bombed oil installations and kidnapped for ransom, was founded by radical Catholic priests in 1964. The ELN and government are in peace talks, currently being held in Ecuador, to end 53 years of war.   Since the talks began in February, the ELN has continued to take hostages for ransom, launch bomb attacks and extort foreign oil and mining companies. The ELN told Reuters last week that it had killed Russian-Armenian citizen Arsen Voskanyan in April.  The ELN s practice of kidnapping civilians is a key issue at the peace talks.  The ELN told Reuters last week that they were not optimistic a peace agreement could be reached because neither side would give ground on kidnapping. Pope Francis is scheduled to arrive in Colombia on Wednesday evening for a five-day visit to the cities of Bogota, Villavicencio, Medellin and Cartagena. The ELN said in a statement on its website on Monday,  We have said that the visit of Pope Francis should be an extra motivator to accelerate our work for an accord.    Once the days of celebration of the presence of Francis have passed, we will continue to insist on advancing toward the de-escalation of the conflict, until complete peace is a reality.  ",1
21031,"Uzbek leader reshuffles security officials, removes veteran defense minister","ALMATY (Reuters) - Uzbek President Shavkat Mirziyoyev reshuffled senior security officials on Monday, sacking the defense minister who was a holdover from the previous administration and appointing an ally. Abdusalom Azizov has replaced Qobul Berdiyev as defense minister, the president s office said without explaining the reasons for the reshuffle. Berdiyev had served as the Central Asian nation s defense minister since 2008, having been appointed by strongman leader Islam Karimov who died last September after running the former Soviet republic for 27 years. Azizov, on the other hand, has been promoted by Mirziyoyev, who named him interior minister shortly after being elected president last December. Pulat Bobojonov, previously a regional governor, was named interior minister on Monday. The reshuffle leaves Rustam Inoyatov, the head of the SNB state security service, as the only Karimov-era senior security official still in office. ",1
21032,Explosions rock Myanmar area near Bangladesh border amid Rohingya exodus,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh/YANGON (Reuters) - Two blasts rocked an area on the Myanmar side of the border with Bangladesh on Monday, accompanied by the sound of gunfire and thick black smoke, as violence that has sent nearly 90,000 Muslim Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh showed no sign of easing. Bangladeshi border guards said a woman lost a leg from a blast about 50 meters inside Myanmar and was carried into Bangladesh to get treatment. Reuters reporters heard explosions and saw black smoke rising near a Myanmar village. The latest violence in Myanmar s northwestern Rakhine state began on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked dozens of police posts and an army base. The ensuing clashes and a military counter-offensive have killed at least 400 people and triggered the exodus of villagers to Bangladesh. A Rohingya refugee who went to the site of the blast - on a footpath near where civilians fleeing violence are huddled in no man s land on the border - filmed what appeared to be a mine: a metal disc about 10 centimeters (3.94 inches) in diameter partially buried in the mud. He said he believed there were two more such devices buried in the ground. Bangladeshi border guards said they believed the injured woman stepped on an anti-personnel mine, although that was not confirmed. Two refugees also told Reuters they saw members of the Myanmar army around the site in the immediate period preceding the blasts which occurred around 2:25 p.m.  Reuters was unable to independently verify that the planted devices were landmines and that there was any link to the Myanmar army. The spokesman for Myanmar s national leader Aung San Suu Kyi, Zaw Htay, said that a clarification was needed to determine  where did it explode, who can go there and who laid those land mines. Who can surely say those mines were not laid by the terrorists?   There are so many questions. I would like to say that it is not solid news-writing if you write based on someone talking nonsense on the side of the road,  said Zaw Htay. The treatment of Buddhist-majority Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Muslim Rohingya is the biggest challenge facing Suu Kyi, accused by Western critics of not speaking out for the minority that has long complained of persecution. The Nobel Peace Prize laureate has come under increasing diplomatic pressure from countries with large Muslim populations such as Turkey and Pakistan to protect Rohingya civilians. Myanmar says its security forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against  terrorists  responsible for a string of attacks on police posts and the army since last October. On Monday, Reuters reporters saw fires and heard gunshots before the explosions near the Myanmar village of Taung Pyo Let Way.  Myanmar officials blamed Rohingya militants for the burning of homes and civilian deaths but rights monitors and Rohingya fleeing to neighboring Bangladesh say the Myanmar army is trying to force Rohingya out with a campaign of arson and killings. The number of those crossing the border into Bangladesh - 87,000 - surpassed the number who escaped Myanmar after a series of much smaller insurgent attacks last October that set off a military operation. That operation has led to accusations of serious human rights abuses. The newest estimate, based on calculations by U.N. workers in the Bangladeshi border district of Cox s Bazar, takes to about 174,000 the total number of Rohingya who have sought refuge in Bangladesh since October. The new arrivals have strained aid agencies and communities already helping hundreds of thousands of refugees from previous spasms of violence in Myanmar.  We are trying to build houses here, but there isn t enough space,  said Mohammed Hussein, 25, who was still looking for a place to stay after fleeing Myanmar four days ago.  No non-government organizations came here. We have no food. Some women gave birth on the roadside. Sick children have no treatment.   Hundreds of Rohingya milled beside the road while others slung tarpaulins over bamboo frames to make shelters against the monsoon rain. Among new arrivals, about 16,000 are school-age children and more than 5,000 are under the age of five who need vaccine coverage, aid workers said over the weekend.  Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, who said on Friday that violence against Myanmar s Muslims amounted to genocide, last week called Bangladesh s President Abdul Hamid to offer help in sheltering the Rohingya, Dhaka said. Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi met Suu Kyi and other officials in Myanmar on Monday, to urge a halt to the violence. Suu Kyi s office said Marsudi expressed the Indonesian government s  support of the activities of the Myanmar government for the stability, peace and development of Rakhine state . They also discussed humanitarian aid and the two countries would collaborate for the development of the state, Suu Kyi s office said without giving further details.   There were more anti-Myanmar protests in Jakarta on Monday.  Malala Yousafzai, the youngest winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, called on Suu Kyi to condemn the  shameful  treatment of the Rohingya, saying  the world is waiting  for her to speak out. In addition to tens of thousands of Rohingya, more than 11,700  ethnic residents  had been evacuated from northern Rakhine state, the Myanmar government has said, referring to non-Muslims. The army said on Sunday Rohingya insurgents had set fire to monasteries, images of Buddha as well as schools and houses in the north of Rakhine state. It posted images of destroyed Buddha statues. ",1
21033,"Merkel, Trump call for tougher U.N. sanctions against North Korea","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel and U.S. President Donald Trump condemned North Korea s nuclear test during on Monday and urged the United Nations to quickly agree on tougher sanctions against Pyongyang, a German government spokesman said.  Both agreed that the test of a hydrogen bomb means a new and unacceptable escalation by the North Korean regime,  Steffen Seibert said in a statement after they spoke by telephone.  The German chancellor and the American president expressed the view that the international community must continue to exert pressure on the regime in North Korea and that the United Nations Security Council has to quickly adopt further and stricter sanctions,  Seibert added. For her part, Merkel told Trump that Germany would push for tougher sanctions against North Korea by the European Union, Seibert said, adding:  The aim is to dissuade North Korea from its violations of international law and to achieve a peaceful solution to the conflict.  ",1
21034,Venezuela's opposition-led congress seeks support in Paris,"PARIS (Reuters) - Venezuela s opposition-led congress leaders met on Monday with French President Emmanuel Macron to press for humanitarian aid to their crisis-hit nation, on the first leg of a European tour seeking support against President Nicolas Maduro. Maduro s government has been criticised by the United Nations, Washington and other governments for failing to allow the entry of foreign aid to ease a severe economic crisis, while it overrides Venezuela s opposition-led congress and jails  hundreds of opponents.  I stressed the urgency of opening up the door to humanitarian aid in Venezuela,  congress President Julio Borges said, adding that Macron had been eager to help.  We want the government of Maduro to open the door to this humanitarian help,  Borges said. The opposition won control of congress in 2015. But Maduro s loyalist Supreme Court has tossed out every major law it has passed as the oil-rich country slips deeper into a recession exacerbated by triple-digit inflation and acute shortages of food and medicines. Maduro has said he is facing an  armed insurrection  designed to end socialism in Latin America and let a U.S.-backed business elite get its hands on the OPEC nation s massive crude reserves. In Caracas on Monday, Venezuela s Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza summoned ambassadors from Spain, Germany Italy, and the United Kingdom to issue a note of protest accusing them of meddling in Venezuela s internal affairs. There has been widespread criticism of Maduro around Europe, with Macron last week saying his administration was  a dictatorship trying to survive at the cost of unprecedented humanitarian distress.  Macron, who did not speak to reporters after the meeting, last week also criticised the government after human rights activist Lilian Tintori, the wife of Venezuela s best-known detained political leader, was barred from flying out of the country to go to Paris, Madrid, Berlin and London.  They cannot silence the voice of 30 million Venezuelans,  Tintori said on her Twitter account, adding that Congress Vice President Freddy Guevara had given Macron a letter from her. Arreaza said Tintori was not able to leave the country because she was due in court this week to answer questions over a stash of cash that police had found in her car.  When she intended to leave on Saturday, several European ambassadors accompanied her to the airport.  The situation in Venezuela has a particular resonance in France, where the far-left France Unbowed party, currently Macron s most vocal opponent, backs Maduro. Maduro is expected to address the opening day of a three-week U.N. Human Rights Council session on Sept. 11. ",1
21035,Britain's Prince William and wife Kate expecting third child,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Prince William and his wife Kate are expecting their third child, their office said on Monday after the Duchess was forced to cancel an engagement due to severe morning sickness. Britain s monarchy has ridden a wave of public support in recent years due to the popularity of William, Kate, and William s brother Harry, and the news was soon making headlines around the world.  Queen Elizabeth, who is 91, said she was delighted.  The baby will be fifth in line to the British throne, after grandfather Prince Charles, father William and elder siblings George, 4, and Charlotte, 2.  The popular Harry becomes sixth in line to the throne.   Their Royal Highnesses The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to announce that The Duchess of Cambridge is expecting their third child,  Kensington Palace said.   The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news.  The couple did not say when the baby was due.   Kate and William married in a lavish ceremony in 2011 watched by about two billion people around the world. Two years later the international camera crews and photographers camped outside a London hospital to record the birth of George, and returned two years later for his sister Charlotte. George and Charlotte have since appeared on the front covers of magazines around the world and traveled on official royal tours of Poland and Germany with their parents. George will attend his first day of primary school later this week.   This is fantastic news,  British Prime Minister Theresa May said.  Many congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.  William and Harry have been in the headlines in recent weeks as they led the efforts to remember their mother Princess Diana who died in a car crash in Paris 20 years ago last Thursday. In a sign of how the young royals have helped to modernize the House of Windsor, the princes have spoken about the trauma of her death and its lasting emotional impact. Harry was in Manchester visiting a center supporting people affected by a bombing at an Ariana Grande concert in May when he gave his reaction.  Fantastic, great, very very happy for them,  he said.  Kate last appeared with the princes on Wednesday when they visited a public garden at Kensington Palace dedicated to Diana but the palace said she would not attend an engagement at a children s center on Monday due to ill health.   As with her previous two pregnancies, The Duchess is suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum....,  the palace said.  The Duchess is being cared for at Kensington Palace.  Hyperemesis gravidarum can cause severe nausea and vomiting and requires supplementary hydration and nutrients. The condition forced Kate to be admitted to hospital in the early months of her first pregnancy with George. The couple have returned to live in Kensington Palace after an earlier spell in Norfolk, eastern England, enabling them to dedicate more time to their royal duties on behalf of William s  grandmother, the queen. William has also given up his job as an air ambulance helicopter pilot.  One of three herself, Kate had prompted speculation earlier this year that she wanted a third child when she was presented with a cuddly toy designed for newborns during a trip, telling William:  We will just have to have more babies.    ",1
21036,Britain says Northern Irish parties running out of time to save devolution,"BELFAST (Reuters) - Northern Ireland s political parties are rapidly running out of time to restore a devolved power-sharing government, Britain s minister for the region said on Monday, as he sought to avoid a return of direct rule from London. Irish nationalists Sinn Fein and the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) have failed to reach agreement on reforming the devolved administration since its collapse in January, limiting Northern Ireland s influence in Brexit negotiations that could hurt it more than an other part of the United Kingdom.  Formal talks broke down in July and each has blamed the other for missing repeated deadlines. Britain s James Brokenshire said he and Irish foreign minister Simon Coveney, who have been facilitating the talks, would continue to meet with the parties this week to establish whether there are grounds to resume formal multi-party negotiations. Continued failure would force Britain to bypass the regional assembly and revert to direct rule from London for the first time in a decade, a move that could destabilize the political balance in the province.  The window of opportunity to restore devolution and to form an executive is closing rapidly as we move further into the autumn and with pressures in public services already evident, the need for intervention is becoming increasingly clear,  Brokenshire told a news conference.  I m not going to pretend that this is easy as clear differences remain, but it does remain achievable.  Both the DUP and Sinn Fein admitted there may only be a matter of weeks before Britain s government would have to step in, something neither wants. Brokenshire also has the option of calling an election, the second this year, as a means to try and break the deadlock.  DUP leader Arlene Foster said her party would be able to come to a determination  pretty quickly  as to whether Sinn Fein wants to go back into government. Sinn Fein s Northern Ireland leader Michelle O Neill reiterated that it needed a full implementation of earlier agreements between the parties   improved rights for Irish language speakers and the legalization of same-sex marriage    before considering returning to the local executive. An added complication is that Britain s minority Conservative government is being propped up by a support agreement with the DUP. No one predicts a return to the sectarian violence in which 3,600 died over three decades before a 1998 peace deal that mandated the compulsory coalition between pro-British protestants and nationalists who want Northern Ireland to join a united Ireland. ",1
21037,Turkey criticizes German 'populism' after Merkel shift on EU membership,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A spokesman for Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan accused German politicians on Monday of indulging in populism after Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would seek an end to Ankara s European Union membership talks. Merkel, seeking a fourth term in office in Germany s Sept. 24 election, said in a debate on Sunday it was clear that Turkey should not join the European Union, and that she would talk to other EU leaders about ending its stalled accession process.  It is not a coincidence that our president Erdogan was the main topic of the debate,  Erdogan s spokesman Ibrahim Kalin tweeted, criticizing what he described as mainstream German politicians   indulgence in populism .  Germany and Europe s attacks on Turkey/Erdogan, by ignoring essential and urgent problems, are reflections of the narrowing of their horizons,  he said.  We hope that the problematic atmosphere that made Turkish-German relations the victim of this narrow political horizon will end . Turkey s ties with Germany and several other EU states have deteriorated sharply this year. Points of dispute have included the barring of Turkish politicians from holding campaign rallies in EU countries ahead of an April referendum, and concerns over the powers granted to Erdogan in the closely fought plebiscite. Turkey has also restricted access for German parliamentarians seeking to visit German troops at the Incirlik air base in southern Turkey, leading Berlin to announce it was moving those forces out of Turkey. It has also detained several German nationals, including journalist Deniz Yucel. Turkey says it has sent Germany an extradition request for one of the main suspects it says was behind an attempted military coup in July 2016. More than 50,000 people have been arrested and 150,000 have been suspended or sacked in a security crackdown since the failed putsch. ",1
21038,Germany seeks to take heat out of Turkey EU accession question,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany sought to cool tempers over Turkey s EU accession prospects on Monday after Chancellor Angela Merkel and her Social Democrat (SPD) rival both said in a TV debate the country had no place in Europe, drawing charges of populism from Ankara. The Turkish Foreign Ministry, while making no direct threat to back out, reminded Germany of an agreement between Ankara and the EU that has stemmed a flood of migrants from conflict zones reaching Europe, not least Germany, via Turkey. Merkel appeared bounced into sharpening her rhetoric on Turkey during Sunday s debate when her main challenger Martin Schulz vowed to stop Ankara s bid to join the EU if he were elected chancellor. Merkel, who has been at odds with President Tayyip Erdogan on many fronts over the last year, at first rejected such a direct approach but returned to the matter later, saying  the fact is clear that Turkey should not become a member of the EU . Erdogan s spokesman Ibrahim Kalin, on his Twitter feed, accused mainstream German politicians of  indulgence in populism .  It is not a coincidence that our president Erdogan was the main topic of the debate,  he said, suggesting they were simply diverting attention from more serious political problems.  Germany and Europe s attacks on Turkey/Erdogan...are reflections of the narrowing of their horizons.  The exchange inflamed ties with Ankara already strained by  Erdogan s crackdown on opponents following a failed coup in July last year. Twelve German citizens, four with dual citizenship, have been detained in Turkey on political charges. The German government said on Monday one person had been released. Last month, Erdogan said Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU), Schulz s SPD and the Greens were all  enemies of Turkey  and encouraged Turkish voters in Germany not to vote for them. Merkel s spokesman, Steffen Seibert, sought to take the heat out of the accession question on Monday, stressing that it was not a pressing matter for Berlin and would be discussed by EU leaders only at a summit in October.  So the issue will only be up for debate after the Bundestag election,  he told a regular government news conference, referring to the Sept. 24 election at which Merkel is seeking a fourth term.  The Chancellor s words speak for themselves,  Seibert said. Merkel, arguably the most influential politician in the European Union, promised during Sunday s television debate to speak to other EU leaders  so that we can end these accession talks.  Seibert, softening her remarks, said Turkey was not ready to join the EU - for now; a formulation that would be accepted even by those backing eventual Turkish accession.  At the moment, Turkey is not at all in a position to join the European Union,  he said.  In fact, the negotiations are dormant at the moment.  In Brussels, a spokesman for the European Commission said:      Turkey is taking giant strides away from Europe and that is making it impossible for Turkey to join the European Union, this is what we believe.  EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said:  Turkey... is still a candidate country. So we will continue talks ... to define the future of our relationship.  Turkey s Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said EU membership  is still a strategic goal for Turkey . He said Ankara was ready for further talks, but the process faced political obstacles. Turkey s foreign ministry said in a statement:  We would like to remind the politicians who ran after us to save the EU from great chaos during the refugee crisis that not leaving the relations with Turkey in the hands of populism is important.  Merkel s opening of German borders to admit some one million migrants drew strong criticism from some. But she appears to have weathered the migrant crisis, with help from the Turkish-EU agreement, standing now some 14 points clear of Schulz in opinion polls.    Home to some 3 million people of Turkish descent, Germany has traditionally had good relations with Turkey, a major trade partner. But ties between the NATO allies have deteriorated and Merkel s CDU has long opposed Turkish EU membership. The green light for membership talks was given months before Merkel became chancellor in 2005 and she had previously always said that she would respect that decision, referring to the negotiations as  open ended . Turkey s EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik said any talk of ending his country s negotiations for EU accession amounted to an  attack on Europe s founding principles . Erdogan accuses Germany of harboring plotters behind the 2016 coup attempt. Turkey has arrested 50,000 in a crackdown, including EU-Turkish citizens. Western politicians say the dragnet is a pretext for Erdogan to rid himself of his opponents. ",1
21039,"Kosovo parties sign deal to form government, end political deadlock","PRISTINA (Reuters) - Kosovo s center-right coalition led by the Democratic Party of Kosovo signed a deal on Monday with the small New Alliance for Kosovo party to form a government, ending nearly three months of political deadlock after an election on June 11.      Finally Kosovo has started to move ... we had some big delays and our institutions now will be formed,  said Ramush Haradinaj, from the center-right coalition of parties made up of former guerrillas who fought the 1998-99 war against Serb forces. Under the deal, the parties along with ethnic minorities will secure 63 seats in the 120-seat parliament.  President Hashim Thaci is expected to give Haradinaj a mandate to form the government within days. A source who asked not to be named told Reuters the parliament session to elect the parliament speaker would be held this week. Haradinaj, who twice stood trial before the United Nations war crimes court for war crimes and was acquitted, briefly held the post of prime minister in 2005.  The smaller New Alliance for Kosovo party is led by Behgjet Pacolli, who is dubbed by media the richest Kosovar.  Pacolli, who also holds a Swiss passport, won many contracts from the Russian government to rebuild state buildings in Moscow in the  90s but a decade ago he moved his business from Moscow to Kazakhstan.  It is unclear what post Pacolli will hold in the new government.  The new government will have to tackle unemployment running at 30 percent and improve relations with Kosovo s neighbors, especially Serbia, a precondition for both countries to move forward in the European Union accession process. It must also reform health and education and the tax administration system as well as include representatives of some 120,000 Kosovo Serbs who do not recognize independence. Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008, almost a decade after NATO air strikes drove out Serbian forces accused of expelling and killing ethnic Albanian civilians in a two-year counter-insurgency.  ",1
21040,Indonesia foreign minister flies to Bangladesh after Myanmar visit on Rohingya,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Indonesia s foreign minister will fly to Bangladesh on Tuesday for talks following her visit to Myanmar where she urged national leader Aung San Suu Kyi to end ongoing violence against the Rohingya Muslim minority there. Bangladesh s foreign secretary, Shahidul Haque, told Reuters Retno Marsudi will meet Bangladeshi officials in Dhaka. Nearly 90,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since Aug. 25, following an army crackdown triggered by attacks by Rohingya insurgents in Buddhist-majority Myanmar s northwestern Rakhine state. The Rakhine violence has killed at least 400 people, most of them Rohingya insurgents, according to the Myanmar government, leading to the exodus of Rohingya to neighbouring Bangladesh that is struggling to cope with the influx. Muslim-majority countries such as Indonesia and Turkey, who are trying to pressure Nobel peace prize winner Suu Kyi to end the crisis, are also offering help to Bangladesh deal with the massive inflow of people from across its 271 km (168 mile)long border with Myanmar. ",1
21041,U.S. wants U.N. vote on new North Korea sanctions next Monday,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States wants the United Nations Security Council to vote next Monday to impose  the strongest possible  sanctions on North Korea over its sixth and largest nuclear test, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Monday.  North Korea said it tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on Sunday, prompting global condemnation and a U.S. warning of a  massive  military response if it or its allies were threatened. China s U.N. Ambassador Liu Jieyi pushed North Korea on Monday  to stop taking actions that are wrong, deteriorating the situation and not in line with its own interests and truly return to the track of solving the issue through dialogue.   Haley said the 15-member council would negotiate a draft resolution this week. She described North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as  begging for war  and that while the United States doesn t want conflict,  our country s patience is not unlimited.   Enough is enough,  Haley told the council.  Only the strongest sanctions will enable us to resolve this problem through diplomacy.  Since 2006, the Security Council has unanimously adopted eight resolutions ratcheting up sanctions on North Korea over its ballistic missile and nuclear programs. Haley said the council s incremental approach to sanctions had not worked. The council last month imposed new sanctions over North Korea s two long-range missile launches in July.  The resolution aimed to slash by a third Pyongyang s $3 billion annual export revenue by banning exports of coal, iron, lead and seafood. Diplomats have said the council could now consider banning Pyongyang s textile exports and the country s national airline, stop supplies of oil to the government and military, prevent North Koreans from working abroad as well as add top officials to a blacklist to subject them to an asset freeze and travel ban.   A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, Britain, France, Russia or China to pass. Typically, China and Russia only view a test of a long-range missile or a nuclear weapon as a trigger for U.N. sanctions. China has not publicly said it will back new sanctions. Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said he would consider a U.S. draft resolution but questioned whether further sanctions would make a difference.   Whatever measures we are planning now, I m not sure that they will influence the other side to abandon what they have been doing. This is not the way to get parties at the table ... to seek for a political solution,  he told reporters. He told the council there was an urgent need to  maintain a cool head  and avoid escalating tensions, and called for a return to dialogue, including  by leveraging mediation efforts  of U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres. Both Russia and China pushed their proposal to kick-start talks with a joint suspension of North Korea s ballistic missile and nuclear programs and the military exercises by the United States and South Korea. Liu said he hoped it would be seriously considered by the parties.   The idea that some have suggested of a so-called freeze-for-freeze is insulting,  Haley told the council.  When a rogue regime has a nuclear weapon and an ICBM (intercontinental ballistic missile) pointed at you, you do not take steps to lower your guard. No one would do that. We certainly won t.  Through sanctions, the Security Council has tried to choke off funding and support for North Korea s ballistic missile and nuclear programs, though some Western states have expressed doubt about Russia and China s commitment to implement them. Haley said in July that cutting off oil supplies to the North Korean government and military was an option.  China supplies most of North Korea s crude. According to South Korean data, Beijing supplies roughly 500,000 tonnes of crude oil annually. It also exports 200,000 tonnes of oil products, according to U.N. data. The U.N. resolution adopted last month capped the number of North Koreans working abroad at the current level. Diplomats said a new resolution could impose a complete ban. Some diplomats estimate that between 60,000 and 100,000 North Koreans work abroad. A U.N. human rights investigator said in 2015 that North Korea was forcing more than 50,000 people to work abroad, mainly in Russia and China, earning between $1.2 billion and $2.3 billion a year. The council could ban textiles, which were North Korea s second-biggest export after coal and other minerals in 2016, totaling $752 million, according to data from the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA). Nearly 80 percent of the textile exports went to China. The military-controlled airline, Air Koryo, could be banned. It flies to Beijing and a few other cities in China, including Dandong, the main transit point for trade between the two countries. It also flies to Vladivostok in Russia, but flights to Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur and Kuwait have ended. ",1
