id,title,text,label
12525,May hails new optimism in Brexit talks after deal,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May hailed  a new sense of optimism  in Brexit talks, telling parliament on Monday an agreement to move negotiations on to future trade ties is progress and will reassure those concerned Britain may leave with no deal. May, weakened after losing her Conservatives  majority at a June election, rescued an agreement last week to move the talks to unravel more than 40 years of union on to a second phase after easing the concerns of her Northern Irish allies over the future role of the border with EU member Ireland. But the discussion of Britain s trade relationship with the EU after Brexit contains many pitfalls and could widen differences among her top team of ministers, or cabinet, over how Britain should look after it leaves the bloc.  In a statement to parliament, May took to task those who doubted that she could move the talks beyond the initial stage of agreeing terms on how much Britain should pay, citizens  rights and the border between the British province of Northern Ireland and EU member Ireland.       This is good news for people who voted leave who were worried we were so bogged down in the tortuous negotiations it was never going to happen,  she told parliament.  It is good news for people who voted remain who were worried were going to crash out without a deal.  May will head to Brussels on Thursday for a summit meeting at which she expects the leaders of the other 27 EU states to approve an assessment by negotiators that the sides have made  sufficient progress  to move on to phase two. But she warned that the government will only pay a financial settlement if Britain and the EU secure a future trade deal. The deal to launch further talks looked in jeopardy a week ago when May was forced to abandon a choreographed meeting in Brussels intended to seal the deal after her allies in Northern Ireland expressed fears she was proposing a special status for the region - out of sync with the rest of the United Kingdom. After days of diplomacy, there was a compromise - if no overall Brexit deal is secured, Britain will keep  full alignment  with those rules of the EU s single market that help cooperation between Ireland s north and south. But those words have reverberated in both London and Belfast, with Brexit minister David Davis saying they were more  a statement of intent  than a legally binding move. On Monday, Davis told LBC radio his words had been taken out of context and denied he was backing away from the commitment, which the EU described as  a deal between gentlemen .  And it is the clear understanding that it is fully backed and endorsed by the UK government,  the European Commission s chief spokesman Margaritis Schinas told reporters in Brussels. Davis  comments may have been aimed at members of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party, which props up May s Conservative minority government in parliament after the party expressed concerns about how alignment could work without Britain staying in the EU s single market and customs union. Or he may have wanted to ease the fears of some campaigners for Britain to leave the EU, who say the possibility of having to follow the bloc s rules would mean that they would have Brexit in name only. But May said the commitments made in the first round of talks   which includes a payment of 35-39 billion pounds over many years to meet EU obligations   were necessary to sever ties with the bloc.  In doing so we can move on to building the bold new economic and security relationships that can underpin the new deep and special partnership we all want to see,  she said.  A partnership between the European Union and a sovereign United Kingdom that has taken control of its borders, money and laws once again.      ",1
12526,EU tells Netanyahu it rejects Trump's Jerusalem move,"BRUSSELS/CAIRO (Reuters) - Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took his case to Europe to ask allies to join the United States in recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital, but met a firm rebuff from EU foreign ministers who saw the move as a blow against the peace process. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, meanwhile, took his own case to Egypt on Monday and was expected to fly to Turkey for a meeting of Muslim countries this week, cementing support from leaders who say the U.S. move was a dire error. President Donald Trump announced last Wednesday the United States would recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, breaking with decades of U.S. policy and international consensus that the city s status must be left to Israeli-Palestinian talks. Palestinian militants in Gaza fired a rocket into Israel and the Israeli military said it responded with air strikes and tank fire targeting a position of Hamas, the Islamist group that controls the enclave. On the ground in the Palestinian territories, violent clashes with Israeli security forces in which scores of Palestinians have been injured and several killed since the U.S. announcement last week appeared to have mostly subsided. Netanyahu, on his first visit to EU headquarters in Brussels, said Trump s move helped peace,  because recognizing reality is the substance of peace, the foundation of peace . Israel, which annexed East Jerusalem after capturing it in a 1967 war, considers the entire city to be its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state. The Trump administration says it remains committed to the peace process and its decision does not affect Jerusalem s future borders or status. It says any credible future peace deal will place the Israeli capital in Jerusalem, and ditching old policies is needed to revive a peace process frozen since 2014. But even Israel s closest European allies have rejected that logic and say recognizing Israel s capital unilaterally risks inflaming violence and further wrecking the chance for peace. After a breakfast meeting between Netanyahu and EU foreign ministers, Sweden s top diplomat said no European at the closed-door meeting had voiced support for Trump s decision, and no country was likely to follow the United States in announcing plans to move its embassy.  I have a hard time seeing that any other country would do that and I don t think any other EU country will do it,  Margot Wallstrom told reporters. Israel s position does appear to have more support from some EU states than others. Last week, the Czech foreign ministry said it would begin considering moving the Czech Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, while Hungary blocked a planned EU statement condemning the U.S. move. But Prague later said it accepted Israel s sovereignty only over West Jerusalem, and Budapest said its long-term position seeking a two-state solution in the Middle East had not changed. On Monday, Czech Foreign Minister Lubomir Zaoralek said of Trump s decision:  I m afraid it can t help us.   I m convinced that it is impossible to ease tension with a unilateral solution,  Zaoralek said.  We are talking about an Israeli state but at the same time we have to speak about a Palestinian state.  The Palestinian president, Abbas, met Egypt s President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi in Cairo, as well as the head of the Arab League. Egypt, a U.S. ally with a peace treaty with Israel, has brokered Israeli-Palestinian deals in the past. Moving the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem would have  dangerous effects on peace and security in the region , Sisi said on Monday at an earlier meeting with visiting Russian President Vladimir Putin. Abbas was also due to fly to Turkey. Trump s announcement has triggered a war of words between Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and Netanyahu, straining ties between the two U.S. allies which were restored only last year after a six-year breach that followed the Israeli storming of a Turkish aid ship. On Sunday, Erdogan called Israel a  terror state . Netanyahu responded by saying he would accept no moral lectures from Erdogan who he accused of bombing Kurdish villages, jailing opponents and supporting terrorists. On Monday Erdogan took aim directly at Washington over Trump s move:  The ones who made Jerusalem a dungeon for Muslims and members of other religions will never be able to clean the blood from their hands,  he said in a speech in Ankara.  With their decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, the United States has become a partner in this bloodshed.  Trump s announcement triggered days of protests across the Muslim world and clashes between Palestinians and Israeli security forces in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem. In Beirut, tens of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets to protest at a march backed by Hezbollah, the heavily-armed Iran-backed Shi ite group whose leader called last week for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel. An announcer led the crowd in chants of  Death to America! Death to Israel!  Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah told the crowd by video link the group was turning its focus back toward the fight against Israel:  Today the axis of resistance, including Hezbollah, will return as its most important priority ... Jerusalem and Palestine and the Palestinian people and the Palestinian resistance in all its factions.  Netanyahu, who has been angered by the EU s search for closer business ties with Iran, said Europeans should emulate Trump s move and press the Palestinians to do so, too.  It s time that the Palestinians recognize the Jewish state and also recognize the fact that it has a capital. It s called Jerusalem,  he said. In comments filmed later on his plane, he said he had told the Europeans to  stop pampering the Palestinians , who  need a reality check . The decision to recognize Jerusalem could also strain Washington s ties with another of its major Muslim allies, Saudi Arabia, which has sought closer relations with Washington under Trump than under his predecessor, Barack Obama. Saudi Arabia shares U.S. and Israeli concerns about the increasing regional influence of Iran, and was seen as a potential broker for a comprehensive Arab-Israeli peace deal. But Saudis have suggested that unilateral decisions over Jerusalem make any such rapprochement more difficult. Prince Turki al-Faisal, a former Saudi ambassador to the United States and veteran ex-security chief, published a strongly-worded open letter to Trump on Monday.  Bloodshed and mayhem will definitely follow your opportunistic attempt to make electoral gain,  the prince wrote in the letter, published in the Saudi newspaper al-Jazeera.  Your action has emboldened the most extreme elements in the Israeli society ... because they take your action as a license to evict the Palestinians from their lands and subject them to an apartheid state,  he added.  Your action has equally emboldened Iran and its terrorist minions to claim that they are the legitimate defenders of Palestinian rights.  Iran s defense minister said Trump s recognition of Jerusalem would hasten Israel s destruction, while a top Revolutionary Guards commander, Qassem Soleimani, phoned two Palestinian armed groups and pledged support for them. ",1
12527,Tillerson set to meet Trudeau for North Korea crisis talks: source,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to meet Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau next week for talks on how to address the crisis over North Korea s nuclear weapons program, an Ottawa source said on Monday. Canada and the United States are due to co-host a meeting of foreign ministers in Vancouver in January to discuss North Korea. North Korea has fired missiles over Japan as it pursues nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles in defiance of U.N. sanctions. Last week it said U.S. and South Korean military drills meant the outbreak of war was  an established fact . During a day trip to Ottawa on Dec. 19 Tillerson will also meet Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, said the source, who requested anonymity because the meetings have not yet been formally announced. A Canadian government source confirmed that Tillerson and Trudeau plan to meet but declined to give a precise date, saying scheduling issues still had to be worked out. The U.S. embassy in Ottawa declined to comment. Freeland said last month that the Vancouver talks would show the unity of the international community in applying pressure on Pyongyang. ",1
12528,Trump's Jerusalem move will hasten Israel's destruction: Iran,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital will hasten the country s destruction, Iran s defense minister said on Monday, while a top Revolutionary Guards commander phoned two Palestinian armed groups and pledged support for them. Leaders of Iran, where opposition to Israel and support for the Palestinian cause has been central to foreign policy since the 1979 Islamic revolution, have denounced last week s announcement by the U.S. president, including a plan to move the U.S. embassy to the city. The Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.  (Trump s) step will hasten the destruction of the Zionist regime and will double the unity of Muslims,  Iran s defense minister, Brigadier General Amir Hatami, said on Monday, according to state media. The army s chief of staff, General Mohammad Baqeri, said Trump s  foolish move  could be seen as the beginning of a new intifada, or Palestinian uprising. Iran has long supported a number of anti-Israeli militant groups, including the military wing of Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which the deputy commander of Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards, Brigadier General Hossein Salami, said was  stronger than the Zionist regime.  Similarly, Qassem Soleimani, the head of the branch of the Guards that oversees operations outside of Iran s borders pledged the Islamic Republic s  complete support for Palestinian Islamic resistance movements  after phone calls with commanders from Islamic Jihad and the Izz al-Deen Qassam brigades, the armed wing of the Hamas movement, on Monday according to Sepah News, the news site of the Guards. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday stepped up efforts to rally Middle Eastern countries against U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, which EU foreign ministers meanwhile declined to support. ",1
12529,U.S. decision on Jerusalem is destabilizing Middle East: Russia's Putin,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Russia and Turkey agree that a U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel is destabilizing the situation in the Middle East, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Monday. Speaking in Ankara alongside Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, Putin also said Russia hoped to sign credit agreements for the defense industry with Turkey in the near future.  ",1
12530,Palestinian stabs Israeli in Jerusalem; anti-Trump protest flares in Beirut,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A Palestinian stabbed an Israeli security guard at Jerusalem s main bus station on Sunday, police said, and violence flared near the U.S. Embassy in Beirut over U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Four days of street protests in the Palestinian territories over Trump s announcement on Wednesday have largely died down, but his overturning of long-standing U.S. policy on Jerusalem   a city holy to Jews, Muslims and Christians   drew more Arab warnings of potential damage to prospects for Middle East peace.  Our hope is that everything is calming down and that we are returning to a path of normal life without riots and without violence,  Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Army Radio. But in Jerusalem, a security guard was in critical condition after a 24-year-old Palestinian man from the occupied West Bank stabbed him after approaching a metal detector at an entrance to the city s central bus station, police said. The alleged assailant was taken into custody after a passer-by tackled him. In public remarks on Sunday, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, a frequent critic of Israel, called it an  invader state  and a  terror state . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who spoke at a news conference in Paris alongside French President Emmanuel Macron after the two leaders met, fired back:  I m not used to receiving lectures about morality from a leader who bombs Kurdish villages in his native Turkey, who jails journalists, helps Iran go around international sanctions and who helps terrorists, including in Gaza, kill innocent people,  Netanyahu said. Macron told Netanyahu that he needed to make gestures to the Palestinians to break the impasse between the two sides.  I asked Prime Minister Netanyahu to make some courageous gestures towards the Palestinians to get out of the current impasse,  Macron said, suggesting that a freeze of construction in settlements could be a first step.   Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory and say the status of the city should be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks. Israel says that all of Jerusalem is its capital, while Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state. The Trump administration has said it is still committed to reviving Palestinian-Israeli talks that collapsed in 2014, but jettisoning old policies is necessary to break the deadlock. Washington says it has not taken a position on Jerusalem s final status or borders, but it is sensible to recognize that any future peace deal will have Israel s capital in the city. The United States was  as committed to the peace process as we ve ever been , U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Sunday. Trump  didn t talk about boundaries, he didn t talk about borders... Because the final status of Jerusalem is between the Palestinians and the Israelis. It s not for the Americans to decide.  Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will not meet U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during his visit to the region, Foreign Minister Riyad Al-Maliki said on Saturday. The White House said on Sunday that decision was unfortunate and Pence looked forward to seeing Netanyahu and Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.  It s unfortunate that the Palestinian Authority is walking away again from an opportunity to discuss the future of the region,  said Jarrod Agen, a spokesman for Pence. Netanyahu reacted to critics in a statement before talks with Macron, to be followed by a meeting with European foreign ministers in Brussels on Monday.  I hear (from Europe) voices of condemnation over President Trump s historic announcement, but I have not heard any condemnation for the rocket firing against Israel that has come (after the announcement) and the awful incitement against us,  Netanyahu said. In Beirut, Lebanese security forces fired tear gas and water cannons at protesters, some of them waving Palestinian flags, near the U.S. Embassy. Demonstrators set fires in the street, torched U.S. and Israeli flags and threw projectiles towards security forces that had barricaded the main road to the complex. In the Moroccan capital, Rabat, tens of thousands of protesters marched down the city s main thoroughfare chanting slogans including,  The people want to liberate Palestine  and  Death to Israel, enemy of the people and provoker of wars.   Waving Palestinian flags and holding up pictures of Jerusalem, they expressed anger at the  betrayal  by Arab governments perceived to have backed Trump s move. In the Indonesian capital Jakarta, thousands protested outside the U.S. embassy, many waving banners saying  Palestine is in our hearts . Maliki has said the Palestinians will be looking for a new peace talks broker instead of the United States and would seek a United Nations Security Council resolution over Trump s decision. Arab foreign ministers who met in Cairo on Saturday urged the United States to abandon its decision on Jerusalem and said the move would spur violence throughout the region. Echoing that view, Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahayan, the de facto leader of the United Arab Emirates, said the U.S. move  could throw a lifebuoy to terrorist and armed groups, which have begun to lose ground  in the Middle East. Along Israel s tense frontier with the Gaza Strip, the Israeli military on Sunday destroyed what it described as a  significant  cross-border attack tunnel dug by the enclave s dominant Islamist group, Hamas. There was no immediate comment from Hamas on the demolition, which came as Palestinian factions tried to meet Sunday s deadline for an Egyptian-mediated handover of Gaza by Hamas to Western-backed President Abbas after a decade s schism. Pre-dawn Israeli airstrikes in the Gaza Strip on Saturday killed two Palestinian gunmen after militants fired rockets from the area into Israel on Friday. ",1
12531,Ukrainian judge frees Saakashvili from detention,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian opposition figure Mikheil Saakashvili was freed from detention on Monday, after a Ukrainian judge turned down the prosecutors  request to place him under house arrest - the latest twist in his dramatic standoff with the authorities.  President of his native Georgia for nine years until 2013, Saakashvili moved to Ukraine after a popular uprising there and served under Poroshenko as a regional governor from 2015-2016, before falling out with the Ukrainian leader. The 49-year-old accuses the Ukrainian authorities of widespread corruption. Prosecutors wanted him placed under house arrest while investigators look into accusations he assisted a criminal organization, charges he says were trumped up to undermine his campaign to unseat Poroshenko.  The prosecutors  petition ... is dismissed,  Judge Larysa Tsokol told the court. A crowd of several hundred supporters, who had remained outside the courthouse throughout the eight-hour hearing, cheered the judge s decision.  The judge is good. She did everything correctly and in accordance with the law,  Saakashvili  said.  It means not everything is lost in Ukraine.  The case against him remains open. Speaking after the ruling, which was attended by several prominent opposition lawmakers, including former prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko, Saakashvili said he planned to continue his political work. Together with other opposition politicians he will  prepare for a peaceful but very important and necessary change in leadership in Ukraine , he said.  Saakashvili, who launched a hunger strike to protest against his detention, sang the Ukrainian national anthem at the beginning of the hearing. The courtroom was so packed with journalists and Saakashvili s supporters that his lawyer asked the judge to move the session to a larger room. The investigation provoked violent clashes between protesters and riot police last week, while on Sunday several thousand people attended a peaceful rally in central Kiev to support Saakashvili and call for Poroshenko s impeachment.  While the protest does not represent a significant risk to government stability at the moment, it will likely attract the attention of Ukraine s international supporters and donors,  London-based research firm Teneo Intelligence said in a note.  Saakashvili is also facing the threat of possible extradition to Georgia, where he is wanted on criminal charges. Justice Minister Pavlo Petrenko told Reuters the extradition request was being considered but no final decision had yet been made. He denied the case was politically motivated.  Every person who lives in Ukraine must respect the basic laws,  he said.   Unfortunately so far we only see things that are unworthy behavior of such a person.  ",1
12532,Morawiecki sworn in as Polish PM amid dispute with EU,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Mateusz Morawiecki was sworn in as Poland s new prime minister on Monday and European Council President Donald Tusk called on the new leader to pursue European unity. Poland s ruling Law and Justice Party (PiS) is at odds with the EU over immigration, logging in an ancient forest and government attempts to control the courts and the media. Critics say the eurosceptic party s policies have subverted democracy and the rule of law. At the same time, acrimony between Tusk and the PiS dates back years. Poland, acting on orders from the PiS boss and long-time Tusk adversary Jaroslaw Kaczynski, was the sole member of the 28 EU members to vote in March against Tusk s re-election. Morawiecki, 49, replaced Beata Szydlo, who became a deputy prime minister. PiS sacked the popular Szydlo last week in a bid to improve Poland s image abroad and prepare the conservatives for a series of elections. Morawiecki will remain finance minister and economy minister. All other ministers have kept their jobs for now, although some ministerial changes are expected in weeks to come. Morawiecki said his government will continue the work of Szydlo. He is expected to outline his policies on Tuesday. Tusk, a former Polish prime minister before PiS came to power in 2015, said he counts on good cooperation.  Acting for Poland s strong position in the European Union and for the unity of all member states is the need of the moment,  Tusk wrote. Former Polish President Lech Walesa, who is a critic of the PiS said on Twitter:  The circus has stayed the same, only the clowns have changed their roles.  Walesa led protests and strikes that shook communist rule in the 1980s. Szydlo s government was one of the most popular in Poland since the 1989 collapse of communism. It registered around 40 percent approval due to low unemployment, increases in public spending and a focus on traditional Catholic values in public life. ",1
12533,Two-thirds of Mexicans reject amnesty for gang members: poll,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Two-thirds of Mexicans reject offering an amnesty to members of criminal gangs as a way of reducing violence in the country, a poll showed on Monday, days after a top leftist presidential candidate floated the idea of exploring the step. At the start of December, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador told supporters in the violence-wracked state of Guerrero he was prepared to analyze all the options, including an amnesty, to bring peace to Mexico after years of violence between gangs.  You can t fight fire with fire,  he said. Asked by a reporter whether his amnesty could include drug cartel bosses, Lopez Obrador his campaign would  consider it  in a recording published by newspaper El Universal. A telephone survey by polling firm Buendia & Laredo for El Universal showed only 23 percent of the respondents agreed somewhat or strongly with the idea of brokering an amnesty with the gangs in exchange for pledges to reduce violence. Some 66 percent took the opposite view, while eight percent said they had no opinion either way. The rest gave no answer. Violence between drug cartels and security forces has been blamed for well over 100,000 deaths in the past decade, and Mexico is on track to register its highest murder total this year since it began keeping regular monthly tallies in 1997. Lopez Obrador, who has led most of the early polls for the July 2018 election, did not provide details about the potential scope of the amnesty, and aides to the 64-year-old consulted by Reuters have so far declined to flesh out how one might work. A former mayor of Mexico City, Lopez Obrador was runner-up in the last two elections, and his adversaries seized on the amnesty to paint the proposal as a threat to security and an affront to the victims of organized crime. A gang truce in El Salvador in 2012 initially cut violence, but when it broke down, murders soared to new heights. The Buendia & Laredo survey, which polled 600 people Dec. 7-8, said that only 16 percent of those polled felt the amnesty would improve the security situation in Mexico, while 62 percent took the opposite view. Some 18 percent believed it would make no difference and the rest gave no answer. The poll was conducted had a margin of error of 4.0 percentage points, El Universal said.     ",1
12534,"Palestinian leader Abbas in Cairo, Istanbul to rally region over Jerusalem","CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday intensified efforts to rally Middle Eastern countries against U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, setting up talks with Arab leaders beginning in Cairo. Abbas met with President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi of Egypt, which has been a key broker in past peace talks with Israel and between fighting Palestinian factions. Abbas and Sisi agreed to continue high-level coordination and to use the widespread rejection of the U.S. move to maintain the rights of the Palestinians, a statement from the Egyptian presidency said. Palestinian Presidency Spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah said there would be an Arab move to preserve the rights of the Palestinian people soon. Abbas will later head to Istanbul to give a speech at a meeting of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC).   Arab states condemned U.S. President Donald Trump s Jerusalem decision last week, and vowed to press international bodies to take action against it. The Arab Parliament held an emergency meeting on the issue in Cairo on Monday, state news agency MENA reported. Sisi, after a separate meeting with visiting Russian President Vladimir Putin, said the U.S. moving its Israel embassy to Jerusalem would have  dangerous effects on peace and security in the region . Abbas met the head of the Arab League in Cairo on Monday, local media reported. Arab foreign ministers held an hours-long emergency meeting at the weekend and vowed to seek a U.N. Security Council resolution rejecting the U.S. move, but gave few details on other measures they would take.  The Palestinians hope for concrete action.  Daring Palestinian and Arab decisions are required in the coming stage, which is very important,  Abbas s spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah told Palestinian official news agency WAFA. World powers have said the U.S. move will impede peace efforts in the decades-long Israeli-Palestinian conflict as anger spreads across the region. The Trump administration says it is still committed to the peace process. Abbas will not meet Mike Pence during the U.S. Vice President s visit to the region later this month, Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki said on Saturday. Egypt s top Muslim and Christian religious leaders also said they would not meet Pence. Egypt has also brokered reconciliation deals between Abbas s Fatah party and Gaza-based Islamist group Hamas, which called for a new uprising against Israel last week. The planned handover of control of Gaza to the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority under the latest deal hit another delay on Sunday, with a Fatah official blaming  obstacles  without elaborating. Israel launched fresh air strikes in Gaza on Saturday in response to rocket fire from the enclave, where it fought a war in 2014 which killed more than 2,000 people, most of them civilians. ",1
12535,"Putin, in Syria, says mission accomplished, orders partial Russian pull-out","MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin flew into Syria and ordered  a significant part  of Moscow s military contingent there to start withdrawing on Monday, declaring their work largely done. Putin, who polls show will be re-elected comfortably in March, made the announcement during a surprise visit to Russia s Hmeymim air base in Syria - his first since Russia intervened in the conflict. He held talks with President Bashar al-Assad and addressed Russian forces. The first leg in a three-country one-day whirlwind diplomatic visit which sees Putin also meeting his Egyptian and Turkish counterparts, Putin is keen to leverage the heightened Middle East influence that Syria has given him to cast himself as a leader who can do diplomacy as well as military force. The Kremlin first launched air strikes in Syria in September 2015 in its biggest Middle East intervention in decades, turning the tide of the conflict in Assad s favor. Now that it regards that mission complete, Putin wants to help broker a peace deal.    In just over two years, Russia s armed forces and the Syrian army have defeated the most battle-hardened group of international terrorists,  Putin told Russian servicemen.  A  significant part  of the Russian force could now return home.  The conditions for a political solution under the auspices of the United Nations have been created,  said Putin.  The Motherland awaits you.  Washington was skeptical about Putin s statement.  Russian comments about removal of their forces do not often correspond with actual troop reductions, and do not affect U.S. priorities in Syria,  said Pentagon spokesman Eric Pahon. Putin made clear in any case that Russia would retain enough firepower to destroy any possible Islamic State comeback. Syrian state television quoted Assad as thanking Putin for Russia s help, saying the blood of Moscow s  martyrs  had been mixed with the blood of the Syrian army. It also showed the two men watching what it called a victory parade with Russian troops dressed in desert uniforms marching past. Russia s main contribution has been air strikes, and with Iran-backed Shi ite militias doing much of the fighting on the ground, the partial Russian withdrawal may not make a huge difference when it comes to the military situation. Russia s campaign, which has been extensively covered on state TV at home, has not caught the imagination of most Russians. But nor has it stirred unease of the kind the Soviet Union faced with its calamitous 1980s Afghanistan intervention.  The use of private military contractors, something which has been documented by Reuters but denied by the defense ministry, has allowed Moscow to keep the public casualty toll fairly low.  Officially, less than 50 Russian service personnel have been killed in the campaign, but the real number, including private contractors, is estimated to be much higher.   Russia s  mission accomplished  moment in Syria may help Putin increase the turnout at the March presidential election by appealing to the patriotism of voters.          Though polls show he will easily win, they also show that some Russians are increasingly apathetic about politics, and Putin s supporters are keen to get him re-elected on a big turnout, which in their eyes confers legitimacy. Putin, who with the help of state TV has dominated Russia s political landscape for the last 17 years, told Russian servicemen they would return home as victors.    Speaking in front of a row of servicemen holding Russian flags, Putin said his military had proved its might and that Moscow had succeeded in keeping Syria intact as a  sovereign independent state.   I congratulate you!  Putin told the servicemen. Putin is keen to organize a special event in Russia - the Syrian Congress on National Dialogue - that Moscow hopes will bring together the Syrian government and opposition and try to hammer out a new constitution.  When asked about Putin s announcement, Yahya Aridi, spokesman for the Syrian opposition in Geneva, said it welcomed any step that brought Syria closer to real peace.    Putin made clear however that while Russia might be drawing down much of its forces, its military presence in Syria was a permanent one and that it would retain enough firepower to destroy any Islamic State comeback. Russia will keep its Hmeymim air base in Syria s Latakia Province and its naval facility in the Syrian Mediterranean port of Tartous  on a permanent basis,  said Putin. Both bases are protected by sophisticated air defense missile systems. Putin was told by the military that it had begun withdrawing 25 aircraft, a detachment of Russian military police, a detachment of Russian special forces, a military field hospital and a de-mining center.  However, Russia has announced partial force draw-downs before only to later bring in different capabilities.  We ve seen such announcements before, which turn about to be less significant than they might have initially appeared,  said one European diplomat who declined to be named.  The most significant contribution Russia can make to advancing peace in Syria is to pressure the Assad regime to engage seriously in Geneva (peace talks). Absent that, the suspicion will be that this announcement may have more to do with Russian politics than the Syrian situation.  ",1
12536,Russia has started military withdrawal from Syria: RIA cites minister,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said on Monday that elements of Moscow s military contingent to Syria had already begun returning to Russia, the RIA news agency reported.  ",1
12537,Germany favors Eurofighter as it seeks to replace Tornado,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German Defence Ministry said on Monday that the European fighter jet was the leading candidate to replace its Tornado jets, which it wants to start phasing out in 2025. The ministry s position appears to contradict that of the German air force, whose chief indicated last month that he preferred Lockheed Martin s F-35, which meets the military s requirements of stealth and long-distance operational capabilities. In a letter to a Greens lawmaker who had inquired about the deliberations, the ministry said the F-35 and Boeing s F-15 and F-18 fighters were secondary options.  The indicated view of the inspector of the air force that the F-35 Lightning II is an especially suitable successor to the Tornado system is not the position of the federal government,  Deputy Defence Minister Ralf Brauksiepe wrote in the letter. The Eurofighter Typhoon is a joint project between British defense group BAE, France s Airbus and Italy s Finmeccanica. The ministry s preference for the Typhoon is no surprise; France and Germany said earlier this year they would work together to develop a new European fighter, as they expand cooperation on defense and security [nL8N1K43JS]. Many German allies in Europe, including Norway, the Netherlands, Britain, Italy, Turkey and Denmark have selected the F-35 and some have received initial deliveries. Belgium is expected to make a decision next year. The contract to replace Germany s 85 Tornado jets, which go out of service around 2030, could be worth billions of euros. A new fighter purchase would have to be approved by parliament in the next two years and a contract signed by 2020 or 2021 to ensure deliveries by 2025. No final decision is likely before a new government is formed, following elections this past September. Chancellor Angela Merkel will open talks on Wednesday with the Social Democrats (SPD) on renewing their alliance, which has ruled Germany since 2013. She turned to the SPD after efforts to form a coalition with the environmentalist Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats failed.     ",1
12538,More than 8 million Yemenis 'a step away from famine': U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Warring sides must let more aid get through to 8.4 million people who are  a step away from famine  in Yemen, a senior U.N. official said on Monday. A Saudi-led military coalition fighting the Iran-aligned Houthi movement in Yemen s civil war blockaded ports last month after a missile was fired toward Riyadh. Jamie McGoldrick, the humanitarian coordinator for Yemen, said the blockade has since been eased, but the situation remained dire.  The continuing blockade of ports is limiting supplies of fuel, food and medicines; dramatically increasing the number of vulnerable people who need help,  McGoldrick said in a statement.  The lives of millions of people, including 8.4 million Yemenis who are a step away from famine, hinge on our ability to continue our operations and to provide health, safe water, food, shelter and nutrition support,  he added. That marked an increase from past U.N. estimates of around 8 million people on the brink of famine. The coalition accuses Iran of sending weapons to its Houthi allies, including missile parts, through Yemen s main Hodeidah port, were most food supplies enter. Saudi state television said on Monday a U.N delegation of experts has arrived in Riyadh to meet the coalition and the Yemeni government the coalition supports  to prevent the transfer of weapons and rockets to Houthis . Iran has denied supplying the Houthis with weapons, saying the U.S. and Saudi allegations are  baseless and unfounded . The United Nations says food shortages caused by the warring parties blocking supplies has created the world s worst humanitarian crisis.  The Saudis intervened in neighboring Yemen in 2015 after the Houthis advanced on the southern port city of Aden and forced President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi and his government into exile. The conflict has killed more than 10,000 people, displaced more than 2 million and triggered a cholera epidemic that has infected about 1 million people.  The U.S. government on Friday called on the Saudi-led military coalition to facilitate the free flow of humanitarian aid to all of Yemen s ports and through Sana a airport. A senior State Department official told reporters in Geneva on Monday that the United States had provided nearly $638 million in humanitarian assistance to Yemen in the U.S. fiscal year 2017 that ended on Sept 30.   We have called on both sides to stop the fighting and seek a political solution to the problem,  the official said. He said the United States had made its position clear to its allies to end the blockade and called on the Houthis to allow access for humanitarian supplies as  there are shocking shortage of food, fuel and medicines that are causing great suffering . ",1
12539,Iran will treat jailed aid worker as Iranian citizen: foreign ministry,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran will treat a British-Iranian aid worker as an Iranian citizen and she will serve her sentence as determined by the judiciary, Iran s foreign ministry spokesman said on Monday. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson discussed Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe s case with Iranian officials after flying to Tehran over the weekend to try to seek her release.  One of the issues that Johnson brought up in Tehran was the issue of Ms. Zaghari,  Iranian foreign ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi was quoted by state media as saying.  With regard to her dual nationality, from our point of view of course she is Iranian and she has been sentenced by the judiciary and she will serve the period of her sentence.  Britain says Zaghari-Ratcliffe was visiting family on holiday in April 2016 when she was jailed by Iran for attempting to overthrow the government. Johnson said he urged the release of dual nationals.  I urged their release, on humanitarian grounds, where there is cause to do so,  Johnson told the British parliament.   These are complex cases involving individuals considered by Iran to be their own citizens, and I do not wish to raise false hopes. But my meetings in Tehran were worthwhile,  he said.  It is too early to be confident about the outcome.  Zaghari-Ratcliffe is not the only dual national being held in Iran, but her case has taken on political significance in Britain after Johnson said last month that she had been teaching journalists in Iran, which her employer denies. Johnson later apologized. Opponents have called for him to resign if his comments lead to her serving longer in prison. Qassemi said the Iranian foreign ministry would follow up on Zaghari-Ratcliffe s case but said that it was ultimately a matter for the judiciary. A project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, Zaghari-Ratcliffe was sentenced to five years in prison after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges. The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. It says Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran. Johnson also said he raised with Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif what he called  the official harassment of journalists working for BBC Persian and their families inside Iran.  The BBC has called on Iran to reverse a court order which it said effectively froze the non-liquid assets of 152 staff, former staff and contributors in Iran. ",1
12540,Passing pension bill in 2018 would be hard: Brazil minister,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s planning minister on Monday acknowledged the possibility of delaying a key vote on a bill cutting social security spending to 2018 but said its approval would be difficult then, an election year. Speaking at an event in Bras lia, Planning Minister Dyogo Oliveira said lawmakers must pass the unpopular bill, which curtails the costly pension system, or risk endangering the nation s fiscal situation. ",1
12541,Top U.N. officials warn that North Korea sanctions harming aid delivery,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Top United Nations officials warned the Security Council on Monday that its sanctions on North Korea over the country s nuclear and missile programs may be harming the delivery of humanitarian aid to the impoverished, isolated Asian state.  The 15-member Security Council held its fourth annual meeting on human rights abuses in North Korea, despite objections by China, who said it was not the right forum and warned the move could further escalate tensions in the region. U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein said U.N. agencies and aid groups were  literally a life-line  for some 13 million vulnerable North Koreans,  but sanctions may be adversely affecting this essential help.  Zeid and deputy U.N. political affairs chief Miroslav Jenca said aid groups were facing difficulties accessing international banking channels, transporting goods into the North Korea, and rising fuel prices hindering delivery of aid. In an Oct. 27 letter to the council sanctions committee on North Korea, seen by Reuters, the top U.N. official in Pyongyang, Tapan Mishra, also said there were customs problems.  Crucial relief items, including medical equipment and drugs, have been held up for months despite being equipped with the required paperwork affirming that they are not on the list of sanctioned items,  Mishra wrote.   Zeid asked the Security Council on Monday to assess the impact of the sanctions on human rights and take action  to minimize their adverse humanitarian consequences.  In a statement on Friday, the council sanctions committee reiterated that the nine sanctions resolutions adopted since 2006  are not intended to have adverse humanitarian consequences for the civilian population  of North Korea. North Korea has repeatedly rejected accusations of rights abuses and blames sanctions for the humanitarian situation.  The North Korean U.N. mission condemned Monday s meeting  as a desperate act of the hostile forces which lose the political and military confrontation with the DPRK (North Korea) that has openly risen to the position of nuclear weapon state.  Japan s U.N. Ambassador Koro Bessho told reporters on Monday:  The humanitarian situation and human rights situation in North Korea is very dire and that s because of the authorities.  For the fourth time, China unsuccessfully tried to stop the public meeting by calling a procedural vote. A minimum of nine votes are needed to win such a vote and China, Russia, the United States, Britain and France cannot wield their vetoes. Ten members voted in favor of the meeting, China, Russia and Bolivia voted against, and Egypt and Ethiopia abstained.   Council members and relevant parties should engage themselves with finding ways to ease tensions on the Peninsula. They should avoid mutual provocation and words or actions that might further escalate the situation,  China s Deputy U.N. Ambassador Wu Haitao told the council. He said the discussion of human rights in North Korea was counterproductive.  The systematic human rights violations and abuses of the North Korean government are more than the cause of its people s suffering. They are a means to a single end: Keeping the Kim Jong Un regime in power,  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the council. The Security Council is due to hold a ministerial meeting on North Korea s nuclear and missiles programs on Friday. ",1
12542,"Saudi Arabia lifts cinema ban, directors and movie chains rejoice","RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia lifted a 35-year-old ban on cinemas on Monday, prompting celebrations from film fans, directors and movie chains eyeing the last untapped mass market in the Middle East. The first theaters could start showing films as early as March, the government said, part of a liberalizing reform drive that has already opened the door to concerts, comedy shows, and women drivers over the past year. Cinemas were banned in the early 1980s under pressure from Islamists as Saudi society turned towards a particularly conservative form of the religion that discouraged public entertainment and public mixing between men and women. But reforms led by 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman have eased many of those restrictions, as the government tries to broaden the economy and lessen its dependence on oil.  Opening cinemas will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification,  said Minister of Culture and Information Awwad bin Saleh Alawwad.  By developing the broader cultural sector we will create new employment and training opportunities, as well as enriching the Kingdom s entertainment options.  In a nod to conservatives, the government said the films would be censored to make sure they remain  in line with values and principles in place and do not contradict with Sharia Laws and moral values in the kingdom.  The details of that censorship were not announced, but could be extensive in a country where images of women are often crossed out on advertising. There was no immediate reaction from the kingdom s Wahhabi clergy and conservative groups, who have responded to past suggestions about bringing back cinema with outraged social media campaigns. Public objections to the reforms have been more muted in recent months, after authorities launched a spate of arrests clamping down on critics of the program. Up to now, the kingdom s film pioneers have had to focus on foreign markets to get their works shown.  Saudi Arabia is always in the news, but it s nice to be in the news in this way,  said Los Angeles-based Saudi director Haifaa Al Manour, who released the first full-length feature shot entirely in the kingdom, Wadjda, in 2012.  I feel like we re about to relive what Egypt was like in the  50s,  she said, referring to the explosion of film-making in what is now the epicenter of Arabic popular cinema. Prince Mohammed has also sought to promote a more tolerant form of Islam and crack down on extremism, a cause Mansour said would be furthered by films.  If you want to fight terrorism, you need to give people a love of life. A love of life comes from joy, and cinema is joy.  Thousands of Saudis currently travel to Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and other countries for their entertainment. The government has said it wants to retain the money spent on those trips. Regional cinema chains have also been eyeing the Saudi market, keen to tap the spending power of the young people who make up roughly 70 percent of the kingdom s population. Dubai-based mall operator Majid Al Futtaim, which owns the VOX Cinemas chain, said it wanted to open the first movie theater there.  We are very happy about this announcement, as you can imagine, we have been waiting for it for quite some time,  said chief executive Alain Bejjani. The government said it expected to open more than 300 cinemas with more than 2,000 screens by 2030, building an industry that would contribute more then 90 billion riyals ($24 billion) to the economy and create 30,000 permanent jobs over the same period. A commission chaired by Alawwad will announce details of licensing and regulations over the next few weeks, it added. Locations for the first cinemas are still under study, but would likely be in top population centers, Fahad al-Muammar, the supervisor of cinema in the kingdom s General Commission for Audiovisual Media, told state TV al-Ekhbariya. ($1 = 3.7502 riyals) ",1
12543,EDF wants to take part in Saudi nuclear plans: CEO,"PARIS (Reuters) - French state-controlled utility EDF (EDF.PA) wants to take part in Saudi Arabia s plans to build nuclear power reactors, its chief executive told Reuters on Monday. Saudi Arabia, which wants to reduce oil consumption at home, is considering building 17.6 gigawatts of nuclear-powered electricity generating capacity by 2032 and has sent a request for information to international suppliers to build two reactors.  Sources familiar with the situation said last month EDF has already held talks with Saudi Arabia about selling Areva-designed European Pressurized Reactors (EPR) and that it wants to participate in a possible Saudi nuclear tender. Levy said that EDF wants to take part in the country s move away from relying on fossil fuels for its energy supplies.   We will respond to this opportunity in all the energy technologies in which we have competencies, that is in solar, wind and nuclear,  Levy said. Russian and South Korean companies have already said they plan to bid for the Saudi work on nuclear power while sources have said Toshiba-owned U.S. firm Westinghouse (6502.T) is in talks with U.S. peers to form a bidding consortium.  In 2009 EDF and Areva lost out to South Korea s KEPCO (052690.KS) in the bidding to build nuclear reactors in the United Arab Emirates, the first such project in the Middle East.  EDF is set to buy French nuclear group Areva s reactor engineering division Areva NP in a deal expected to be finalised before the end of this year. Levy said EDF is on track to finalize the deal before the end of this month. ",1
12544,"Merkel, Social Democrats seek clarity on coalition talks","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD) say they hope to find clarity soon on prospects for a new ruling coalition as they gear up for exploratory talks this week. The conservatives, meeting on Monday to map out their negotiating positions, believe compromises can be reached to renew the  grand coalition  that governed for the past four years. The two blocs must overcome differences over the future of Europe, pensions, health care and education. Merkel, whose CDU/CSU alliance last month failed to cut a coalition deal with two smaller parties after an inconclusive national election in September, is due to brief the media at 1 pm (1200 GMT). Senior conservatives on Saturday rejected the vision for a  United States of Europe  put forward by SPD leader Martin Schulz, weakened after his party posted its worst post-war election result in September. But Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, the conservative premier of the Saarland region, told broadcaster ARD that she hoped some progress could emerge from this week s talks with the SPD.  Maybe we can take a first big step in this direction this week,  she said. SPD Secretary General Lars Klingbeil told ARD his party was open to all possibilities, including a renewed coalition with conservatives or a minority government.  The ball is now in Mrs. Merkel s court,  Klingbeil said, adding that the pace of negotiations depended to a large extent on the core demands of the Christian Democrats (CDU) and its Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU).  The SPD made its positions clear at its party conference. Now we ll listen to what the CDU leader wants, what the CSU wants, and it will be clear very quickly if further discussions are worth it,  he said. A poll published on Monday by broadcaster RTL and n-tv showed 71 percent of SPD members welcomed the party s decision to talk with conservatives about forming a new ruling coalition, while 81 percent wanted the party to conduct tough negotiations. Klingbeil said his party would seek clear commitments from the CDU to spend more on education and combat childhood poverty before entering coalition talks. Julia Kloeckner, deputy leader of the CDU, warned the SPD against making exaggerated demands and criticised comments Klingbeil made over the weekend suggesting that talks could stretch as long as May.  If the SPD thinks we have time forever, that is not our view,  she said. Monday s poll showed that 71 percent of German voters favored rapid negotiations on forming a new government. Kloeckner said it was clear that the two political blocs would have to revisit issues such as integration, digitalization and development of rural areas before agreeing to a new coalition.  A continuation of the previous grand coalition cannot happen,  she said. ",1
12545,Turkish air strikes kill 29 Kurdish militants in northern Iraq: army,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish warplanes hit Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) targets in northern Iraq on Monday and killed 29 of the group s militants, Turkey s armed forces said. The PKK fighters were believed to be preparing an attack on Turkish border posts from the Hakurk and Metina regions of northern Iraq, the army said in a written statement. Several caves and shelters used by the militants were destroyed in the air strikes, it said. The PKK, which has been waging an insurgency in southeast Turkey since the 1980s, is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and the European Union. More than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict. ",1
12546,Canada to make fighter jets announcement on December 12: official,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada will make an announcement about fighter jets at 1 pm ET (1800 GMT) on Tuesday, a government official said on Monday, declining to give more details. Sources told Reuters last week that the Canadian government is scrapping a plan to buy 18 Boeing Co Super Hornets and will instead acquire a fleet of second-hand Australian jets. ",1
12547,Exclusive: Detained Saudi billionaire al-Sanea seeks to end debt dispute,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A detained Saudi billionaire who led the collapsed Saad Group is seeking to repay part of a multi-billion dollar debt to creditors under a deal that could allow his release, people familiar with the matter told Reuters. The businessman, Maan al-Sanea, was detained in October in the kingdom s Eastern Province for unpaid debts, and has since been in a civil detention center in the city of Khobar, according to several sources.  Reemas Group, a financial consultancy hired by Saad Group, has outlined a proposed settlement covering $4 billion in debt. In an email sent by Reemas to creditors, of copy of which Reuters has obtained, it suggests that they would get more of their money back than under a court-enforced liquidation of the company, albeit over a longer period. At the height of his success, al-Sanea held investments in a number of large companies, including a 3.1 percent stake in British-based bank HSBC bought in 2007. That year, when his net worth was estimated at over $10 billion, he was ranked by Forbes as one of the world s 100 richest men. But al-Sanea s fortunes turned in 2009, when his business collapsed under heavy debts, unleashing a series of long-running legal disputes. Al-Sanea was detained a few weeks before Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman launched a crackdown on corruption in which dozens of Saudi princes and businessmen are being held.  However, there is no indication that al-Sanea s case is linked with this campaign, as he was detained by the Saudi authorities for unpaid debts rather than alleged graft. Sources told Reuters that al-Sanea has access to a telephone to speak to his legal team and advisers, and has been trying to organize the debt settlement with the help of some members of his family. A source at the Ministry of Justice in Riyadh said al-Sanea could be released if his debts with creditors are settled.  Khobar General Court could not immediately be reached for comment. Reemas Group, which has branches in Khobar and Bahrain, said in the email that 34 financial institutions had obtained court judgments in the case worth 15.7 billion riyals ($4.19 billion).   We have contacted 90 percent either directly or via their local representative over the past few days. They have welcomed the idea, and we are yet to receive their preliminary consent in order to proceed with the next step,  said the email, which was sent to other creditors last month. Reemas said in the email that rather than auctioning off Saad Group s assets under the liquidation process, they would be moved into a special purpose vehicle, with creditors owning the new company.  The initiative would protect the (assets) from substantial reduction in value and enhance the debt coverage ratio to reach at least 20-25 percent,  it said. Reemas Group did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.  Saad Group, once one of the largest business conglomerates  in the Gulf, collapsed under the weight of its debts in 2009 along with the family-owned Saudi conglomerate Ahmad Algosaibi and Brothers (AHAB). Since then, the two groups have been battling each other in the courts, with creditors seeking to recover billions of dollars. AHAB said it had yet to approached about the proposed debt settlement.  We are happy to engage in the dialogue and feel we should be included and if we re not included we will pursue all avenues available to us,  said Simon Charlton, AHAB s chief restructuring officer and acting chief executive. The debt settlement efforts, sources said, came after an entity established by the Supreme Judicial Council in Saudi Arabia, called the Joint Directorate of Enforcement at the General Court in Al-Khobar (JDEK), took over al-Sanea s personal assets and began a liquidation process for Saad Group. The proposed settlement suggests creditors would recover the funds over a five-year period. Two sources said that according to the debt recovery path indicated by JDEK, they would get only 6 to 8 cents in the dollar but more quickly, over a period of one to three years. According to the terms of the settlement, the special purpose vehicle would be supervised by a steering committee headed by Saudi Arabia s Arab National Bank. Arab National Bank did not respond to a Reuters request for comment.  Two of the sources familiar with the matter confirmed that a consensual and speedy settlement would show al-Sanea is serious about repaying creditors and could potentially accelerate his release.  ",1
12548,Britain urged Iran to release detained dual nationals: Johnson,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday he urged Iran to release detained dual nationals during a visit to the Islamic Republic.  I urged their release, on humanitarian grounds, where there is cause to do so,  Johnson told the British parliament.   These are complex cases involving individuals considered by Iran to be their own citizens, and I do not wish to raise false hopes. But my meetings in Tehran were worthwhile,  he said.  It is too early to be confident about the outcome.  Johnson said he raised with Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif  the official harassment of journalists working for BBC Persian and their families inside Iran.  ",1
12549,Car bomb kills journalist in Somali capital,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - A Somali television journalist was killed in a car bombing in the capital Mogadishu on Monday, an editor for the TV station and local authorities said. Mohamed Ibrahim Gabow had borrowed the car from a friend, Mohamed Moalim Mustaf, an editor at Kalsan TV, told Reuters.  Unexpectedly it exploded and he died on the spot. We do not know who was behind it,  he added.  Local government officials confirmed the incident.  The journalist ... died after a bomb planted in a car he drove exploded. His body has now been taken to a hospital. The police will investigate,  said Abdifatah Omar Halane, the spokesman for the mayor of Mogadishu. Gabow is the fourth journalist killed this year in Somalia, currently ranked 167th out of 180 countries for journalist safety by Reporters Without Borders.  No group has ever claimed the killing of a journalist in the capital. Somalia has been convulsed by instability, violence and lawlessness since early 1990s following the toppling of military dictator Mohamed Siad Barre. ",1
12550,"In Dordogne idyll, Brits unimpressed with Brexit talks","EYMET, France (Reuters) - Britain s prime minister may be hailing  a new sense of optimism  in Brexit talks. But David and Iona Stent, who sold their English home three years ago to start anew in the sun-kissed vineyards of France s Dordogne, are having none of it. The couple are frustrated as London inches ahead in its divorce with the European Union, and say Friday s interim deal offers them scant reassurance for the future of their  Franglais Foods  market stall business. Under the agreement, the 1.2 million Britons with permanent residence in EU states will be allowed to stay and receive the same treatment over social security, healthcare and employment as the 3 million Europeans living in Britain.   But the deal was only sealed with a handshake.  It is just words from politicians. It gives me no confidence at all,  said Iona, who sells fudge, Scottish cakes and quiches in the bastide village of Eymet and surrounding areas. The couple are determined to stay in France. If they can, they will apply for French citizenship, but they are not sure if they will be eligible.  Eymet s warm climate, good wine and cheap, tumbledown farmhouses have been a magnet for British expatriates since the 1970s. The village boasts an English pub, tea room and a grocery store offering Marmite, Heinz Baked Beans and custard powder. There is even a cricket club. While Friday s deal outlined the terms of Britain s separation from the EU, pitfalls lie ahead. Tough discussions over Britain s trade relationship with the bloc could widen differences within Prime Minister Theresa May s cabinet over how Britain should look after it leaves.            We don t know what situation we ll find ourselves in,  said Iona.  We joke about turning up at the  Jungle  (migrant camp) in Calais. We ve got this idea they re going to reinstate it for all the Brits.  On the far side of the medieval village s central Place Gambetta, clipped English accents fill  Le Treize  cafe as Stephen and Liz Chorlton ponder their pension income. Britain s pound has fallen 13 percent against the euro since the vote to leave the EU, eroding UK-based earnings, pensions and investment incomes.  We ve got nothing left in the UK other than a few savings,  said Stephen, 60, who quit his job in Manchester in 2010 after the finiancial crisis hit the shop-fitting industry and moved to southwestern France. Sterling s slump means he and his wife now juggle drawing down their pound-denominated private pensions and tapping the income they earn from a French investment fund.  I had a conversation with my financial adviser last week. He reckons I could live until I am in my 90s and says if I keep drawing out at the level I m allowed, my spending will be unsustainable,  said Liz. There are about 300 Britons among Eymet s 2,600-strong population, a number which swells in the summer.  Many lament the divisive nature of the Brexit debate in Britain. Others fume at former prime minister David Cameron s decision to hold the vote in the first place and what they see  and the incoherence of his successor s negotiating strategy.   None of us got the vote. It s like being shat on from a great height and we have no say about it,  said pensioner Andrew Cardle as carafes of wine lubricated a game of indoor-skittles between The Sinners and Eymet Cricket Club. For all the uncertainty, few Britons in Eymet believe they will be thrown out.  The influx of foreigners here pulled Eymet back from the dead,  said Keith Mcbride, a 54-year-old former City broker with a broad Essex accent and two golden labradors.  Come Brexit, no one knows what the rules will be,  he said.  But they re not going to backtrack and say people who are in the system are now out of the system, because we pay contributions.  Nonetheless, some are contemplating an insurance policy: French nationality.  If I have to I ll take (French) citizenship. Piece of cake, if I can pass that bloody language exam,  said David Horlock, who runs a small plastering business. In a sign some in Britain are still considering a move to France before Brexit hits, Terrie Simpson, whose Agence Eleonor estate agency has seen revenues rise over the past two years, said there was still demand from Britons.  We ve had people come in and say we re so fed up with Brexit that we want to buy a house in France,  said Simpson, whose office front door carries a sticker in the colors of the EU flag reading:  Bollox to Brexit .  It might sound arrogant to say they need the English here, but they do. They spend their money in the restaurants, their money is in the banks and young families pay taxes and send their children to the school,  said Simpson. Many locals do fret that the shutters will come down on Eymet s cafes and local businesses if Brexit leads to an exodus of Britons.   If the are no English here, we re screwed!  said cheesemonger Philippe Barbe.  They re a big part of our local economy.  ",1
12551,Man arrested trying to climb wall at UK's Buckingham Palace,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police on Monday said they had arrested a man who tried  to climb a wall at Queen Elizabeth s Buckingham Palace home in central London, but said that the incident was not terrorism-related. The 24-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of trespass on Sunday evening, three minutes after he stepped over a low outer perimeter fence near the palace, the Metropolitan Police said.  The man was not found in possession of any offensive weapons and the incident is not being treated as terrorist related,  police said in a statement. He has been released on conditional bail and has undergone a mental health assessment.     British police are on high alert after five attacks blamed on terrorism this year. In August, a man wielding a sword outside the palace was charged under terrorism laws. Three police officers suffered minor injuries detaining him. A number of people have tried to get into the palace grounds in recent years. A woman was arrested in October for attempting to scale the gates of the palace. In May 2016, a man with a conviction for murder climbed over the wall and walked for about 10 minutes around the grounds of the palace before being arrested. He was jailed for four months. Four years ago, a man armed with a knife tried to enter through a gate and was later jailed for 16 months. A month earlier, two men were arrested following a break-in at the palace. One of the biggest security breaches at Buckingham Palace happened in 1982 when an intruder, Michael Fagan, climbed a wall and wandered into a room where the queen was in bed. ",1
12552,Burundi will raise funds from citizens to pay for 2020 election,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Burundi plans to raise money for an election in 2020 by deducting part of civil servants  salaries and taking contributions directly from citizens, a government minister said on Monday, as it seeks to replace dwindling external funding. Until 2015, Burundi used external aid to pay for elections, but donors have suspended their assistance since a political crisis erupted when President Pierre Nkurunziza sought and won a third term. Pascal Barandagiye, the minister for interior, said the government will also be seek contributions from every household, which will pay up to 2000 francs ($1.14) a year. Gross national income per capita stood at $280 in 2016, and close to 65 percent of the population live below the poverty line, according to World Bank data.  The total amount of the election cost is not yet known ... But as soon as the needed fund is got the fundraising campaign will be halted,  Barandagiye told a news conference.  That contribution should be given voluntarily, it shouldn t be seen as a head tax.  Students of voting age will contribute 1000 francs annually. Civil servants will contribute at least a tenth of their monthly salaries, Barandagiye said. Foreign help would also be accepted, he said.  Burundi has been gripped by a political crisis since April 2015, when Nkurunziza announced he would stand for a third term, which the opposition said violated the constitution as well as a 2005 peace deal that ended a 12-year civil war. He won a vote largely boycotted by the opposition, but protests sparked a government crackdown. More than 700 people have been killed and 400,000 displaced to neighbouring countries. The economy has stagnated. The aid-dependent nation now has to rely on domestic tax collection and modest revenue from coffee and tea exports. Key donors, such as the European Union, cut direct financial support to the government over accusations of human rights violations and the crackdown on opponents, which Burundi rejects. At the end of October, Burundi s cabinet adopted draft legislation seeking to change the current constitution to allow Nkurunziza to run for a fourth term in the 2020 election. The proposed amendments, which are likely to go to a referendum by next year, seek to abolish the two-term limit and lengthen the presidential terms to seven years. ($1 = 1,750.4900 Burundi francs) ",1
12553,Romania's lower house approves controversial courts bill,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s lower house of parliament, which is dominated by the ruling Social Democrats, approved a bill on Monday that will change the way magistrates are supervised and which critics say threatens judicial independence and efforts to fight corruption.   Thousands of Romanians have rallied in the capital Bucharest and other cities over the past weeks protesting against government plans to overhaul the judicial system in one of European Union s most graft-prone member states. Lawmakers approved the bill by 179 votes to 90 vote. Parliament has been debating the legislation, which the European Commission and thousands of magistrates have said would put the judicial system under political control, since mid-November. The parliamentary commission which has debated the changes is headed former justice minister Florin Iordache, who quit in February after a decree on graft that he drafted triggered the biggest rallies since the 1989 anti-communist revolution. Contested elements of the bill include changes to a judicial inspection unit which oversees the conduct of magistrates. It will also change the way in which chief prosecutors are appointed and strip the president of the right to vet candidates, as well as amending the definition of prosecutors  activity to exclude the word  independent .  Prosecutors carry out their work according to the principles of legality, impartiality, hierarchical control, under the authority of justice minister,  reads the bill.      The bill also refers to the finance ministry s obligation to recoup any losses triggered by a judicial error from the judge who issued the sentence, instead of from state funds. Experts have said this would could potentially distort court judgments. The bill will be sent to the upper house, the senate, for debates. A vote in the senate, which has the final say on the bill, could be scheduled for later this month. Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union s most corrupt states and Brussels keeps Romania s justice system under special monitoring. In a Nov. 15 report the European Commission said justice reform has stagnated this year and challenges to judicial independence remain a persistent source of concern. ",1
12554,Exclusive: Philippines defied experts' advice in pursuing dengue immunization program,"MANILA (Reuters) - As she announced in January 2016 that the Philippines would immunize one million children with a new dengue vaccine, the nation s then health secretary Janette Garin boasted it was a world-first and a tribute to her country s  expertise  in research. At the time, it seemed the Philippines could be on the cusp of a breakthrough to combat a potentially lethal tropical virus that had been endemic in large parts of the Southeast Asian nation for decades. Almost two years later, the program lies in tatters and has been suspended after Sanofi Pasteur, a division of French drug firm Sanofi, said at the end of last month the vaccine itself may in some cases increase the risk of severe dengue in recipients not previously infected by the virus. Documents reviewed by Reuters that have not been disclosed until now, as well as interviews with local experts, show that key recommendations made by a Philippines Department of Health (DOH) advisory body of doctors and pharmacologists were not heeded before the program was rolled out to 830,000 children. After Garin s announcement, the Formulary Executive Council (FEC) of advisers urged caution over the vaccine because it said its safety and cost-effectiveness had not been established. After twice meeting in January, the panel approved the state s purchase of the vaccine on Feb 1, 2016 but recommended stringent conditions, minutes of all three meetings show.  Based on the available scientific evidence presented to the Council, there is still a need to establish long-term safety, effectiveness and cost-effectiveness,  the FEC told Garin in a  letter on that day. The letter was reviewed by Reuters. The FEC said Dengvaxia should be introduced through small-scale pilot tests and phased implementation rather than across three regions in the country at the same time, and only after a detailed  baseline  study of the prevalence and strains of dengue in the targeted area, the FEC letter and minutes of the meetings said. The experts also recommended that Dengvaxia be bought in small batches so the price could be negotiated down. An economic evaluation report commissioned by Garin s own department had found the proposed cost of 1,000 pesos ($21.29) per dose was  not cost-effective  from a public payer perspective, the minutes from the meetings reveal.   For reasons that Reuters was unable to determine, these recommendations were ignored. The DOH purchased 3 million doses of Dengvaxia in one lot, enough for the required three vaccinations for each child in the proposed immunization program and paid 1,000 pesos per dose, a copy of the purchase order reviewed by Reuters shows. It did conduct a  limited baseline study  in late February and March 2016, but the survey looked at  common illnesses  rather than the prevalence of dengue, according to guidelines issued by Garin s office at the time and reviewed by Reuters. Garin, who was part of the government of former president Benigno Aquino and replaced when President Rodrigo Duterte took power in June, 2016, did not respond to requests for comment on why she ignored the local experts  recommendations. A physician, Garin has defended her conduct and a program that she said was  implemented in accordance with WHO guidance and recommendations .  I understand the concern,  she told Philippine TV station ABS-CBN on Friday.  Even us, we re also very angry when we learned about Sanofi s announcement about severe dengue. I m also a mother. My child was also vaccinated. I was also vaccinated.  DOH spokesman Lyndon Lee Suy also did not respond to text messages or questions emailed to him. Sanofi Philippines declined comment on the Philippines government decision. However, Dr. Su-Peing Ng, Global Medical Head of Sanofi Pasteur, told Reuters:  We communicated all known benefits and risks of the vaccine to the Philippines government.   Rontgene Solante, former president of the Philippines Society for Microbiology and Infectious Diseases, said health officials were motivated to end the debilitating impact of dengue on the Philippines, where there are about 200,000 reported cases each year and many more unreported. Over 1,000 people died of the disease in the country last year. Two months after the FEC wrote to the health secretary, the DOH began immunizing one million students around the age of 10 in all three target areas in April 2016, in accordance with its original plan but at odds with the FEC s recommendations to conduct a slow roll-out of the vaccine.   The usual process for the DOH that has protected our children for so many decades was not followed. That s a fact,  said Susan Mercado, a former Philippines health department undersecretary and former senior official at the World Health Organization (WHO). WHO said in April 2016 that the Philippines  campaign appeared to meet its criteria for using Dengvaxia because the targeted regions had high levels of dengue exposure; the vaccine would be provided to children 9 years and older; and they would each receive three doses. WHO was not involved in the deliberations of the FEC, according to the minutes. It said in a statement last week that a position paper on the dengue vaccine it published in July 2016 did not include a recommendation for countries to introduce it.  Now, after Sanofi s warnings, WHO has said it agrees with the government s decision to suspend the immunization program. The current secretary of health in the Duterte administration, Francisco Duque, said he would carry out a  thorough analysis  of the FEC s recommendations and the program before passing judgment. He said the Council s recommendations were not legally enforceable.  At the end of the day, the final decision is made by (the)secretary of health,  he told Reuters.  But because of the expertise that the members of the FEC have, it is something that you don t want to ignore.  Underpinning the concerns in 2016 about Dengvaxia, since confirmed by Sanofi, were fears that the vaccine would act like a primary infection for those who had never had dengue. If they were bitten by a mosquito carrying the virus after the vaccination, it could be akin to getting dengue a second time, which often leads to far more severe symptoms and potentially death if bad cases are not treated quickly. The concerns were first raised by noted U.S.-based tropical disease expert, Dr. Scott Halstead, who urged both Sanofi and the WHO to proceed with caution. In the Philippines, Dr. Antonio Dans, an epidemiologist from the University of the Philippines, led a delegation of physicians to the DOH in March 2016 where, citing Halstead s research, they pressed for the campaign to be aborted.  The data was not definitive but it was clear there were uncertainties and risks. Why not wait for the complete studies to be finished before endangering so many children?  Dans told  Reuters. In a Senate hearing late last year, Garin said she was aware of Halstead s assessment but dismissed it.  This is a theory ... it has not been proven,  she said at the time. Two sources involved in the program said no antibody testing was undertaken, as recommended by the FEC.  Antibody testing, while not 100 percent accurate, indicates whether an individual has had dengue before. Duque, the current health secretary, is demanding the company refund the 3 billion pesos ($60 million) paid for the vaccinations and has threatened legal action against Sanofi if it is proven to have withheld information. A criminal probe is underway into how a danger to public health came about and two Congressional inquiries have been convened in the Philippines. Duque told Reuters he was concerned that the program was paid from an  off-budget  allocation, meaning it bypassed Congressional scrutiny. Reuters was unable to confirm this. Until now, one child out of the 830,000 vaccinated, a girl who was hospitalized with severe dengue, has been linked definitively by the DOH to the campaign. But the department of health says it still does not have complete data on those who fell ill after taking Dengvaxia. ",1
12555,Catalan protesters clash with police over 'plunder' of religious artefacts,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Protesters clashed with police trying to reclaim disputed religious artefacts from a museum in Catalonia on Monday, in the latest display of tension between Catalan separatists and Spain s central government ahead of a Dec. 21 election. A monastery in neighboring Aragon region says over 44 of its artefacts were sold illegally to Catalonia in the 1980s and the issue has become a symbol of broader disagreement between opponents and supporters of Catalan independence. Culture Minister Inigo Mendez de Vigo angered Catalan nationalists in November by using special temporary powers to accept a petition by a judge from Aragon calling for the artefacts to be returned to their previous home, the Monastery of Sijena. The previous month, Madrid took control of Catalonia to quell the crisis over secession and called a snap regional election. Hundreds of demonstrators on Monday massed at the museum of Lleida in western Catalonia where the artefacts were kept and pro-independence groups called supporters to stop the police from removing them. There were minor scuffles, though no injuries were reported and the artefacts were eventually taken away at around noon. Former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, currently in self-imposed exile in Brussels, criticised the move on Twitter and blamed the three principal unionist parties running in upcoming elections, the ruling People s party (PP), the socialist party and Ciudadanos.  Carried out at night and using a militarised police force, as always, and taking advantage of a coup d etat to plunder Catalonia with complete impunity: This is the model that Ciudadanos, PSC and PP defend,  Puigdemont said. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said his government could not oppose court rulings because it would mean stepping outside the rule of law. ",1
12556,Hezbollah's Nasrallah says group to focus on Israel,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The leader of Lebanon s Hezbollah group, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, on Monday said the group and its allies in the region would renew their focus on the Palestinian cause after what he called their victories elsewhere in the region. Nasrallah called on Hezbollah s allies to put in place a united strategy  in the field  to confront Israel. The Iran-backed group has been fighting Islamic State in Syria alongside regional allies and the group has been largely defeated. Nasrallah was speaking by video link to a large protest in Beirut over the United States decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and move its embassy there.  On Saturday a video was released of the commander of an Iraqi Shi ite militia allied to Hezbollah visiting Lebanon s border with Israel, apparently accompanied by a Hezbollah commander.  Nasrallah said in June that any future war waged by Israel against Lebanon or Syria could draw in fighters from countries including Iran and Iraq.       On Monday he repeated a call he made last week for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel and called on Arab states to abandon the peace process, describing negotiations with the United States as futile.   Today the axis of resistance, including Hezbollah, will return as its most important priority ... Jerusalem and Palestine and the Palestinian people and the Palestinian resistance in all its factions,  he said. Hezbollah was formed in the 1980s as a resistance movement against Israel s occupation of southern Lebanon and they remain bitter enemies. Israel and Hezbollah fought a brief war in 2006 and tensions rose again this year as Israel struck Hezbollah arms stores and convoys in Syria. ",1
12557,"Russian military chief criticizes U.S., Japan and South Korea drills","TOKYO (Reuters) - Russia s military chief warned on Monday that military exercises by Japan, the United States and South Korea aimed at countering North Korea only raise hysteria and create more instability in the region. Russian Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces General Valery Gerasimov, issued his warning in Tokyo as the United States, Japan and South Korea began a two-day exercise to practice tracking missiles amid rising tension over North Korea s weapons programs.  Carrying out military training in regions surrounding North Korea will only heighten hysteria and make the situation unstable,  Gerasimov said at the beginning of a meeting with Japanese Minister of Defence Itsunori Onodera. This week s exercise by the United States and its two Asian allies, in which they will share information on tracking ballistic missiles, comes just days after large-scale drills by U.S. and South Korean forces that North Korea said made the outbreak of war  an established fact . North Korea says its weapons programs are necessary to counter U.S. aggression. On Nov. 29, North Korea test-fired its latest ballistic missile, which it said was its most advanced yet, capable of reaching the mainland United States. China has also repeatedly called for the United States and South Korea to stop their exercises, which North Korea sees as preparation for an invasion.     Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang, asked in Beijing about the latest U.S., South Korean and Japanese drills, said the situation was in a vicious cycle that if followed to a conclusion would not be in anyone s interests.   All relevant parties should do is still to completely, precisely and fully implement the relevant U.N. Security Council resolutions toward North Korea, and do more for regional peace and stability and to get all parties back to the negotiating table. Not the opposite, mutual provocation,  Lu said. Gerasimov s visit to Japan is the first by a senior Russian military official in seven years and follows the resumption of  two-plus-two  defense and foreign minister talks in March after Russia annexed Crimea. Relations between Russia and Japan have been hampered for decades over the ownership of four islands north of Japan s Hokkaido, captured by Soviet forces at the end of World War Two. Japan has declined to sign a formal peace treaty with Russia until the dispute is resolved. Gerasimov also met Katsutoshi Kawano, the chief of staff of Japan s Self Defence Forces. China s Defence Ministry said on Monday it had begun a planned joint simulated anti-missile drill with Russia in Beijing, which had  important meaning  for both countries in facing the threat from missiles. It said the exercise was not aimed at any third party. China and Russia both oppose the development of global anti-missile systems, the ministry added in a statement. China and Russia both oppose the deployment in South Korea of the advanced U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-missile system. China in particular fears the system s powerful radar could look deep into its territory, threatening its security.  The United States and South Korea say the system is needed to defend against the threat of North Korean missiles. It is not clear if this week s exercise by U.S., South Korean and Japanese forces will involve the THAAD system. ",1
12558,India files sex assault case against airline passenger for allegedly molesting Bollywood actress,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - Indian police have filed a sexual assault case against an airline passenger after a 17-year-old Bollywood actress said the male passenger had molested her during a New Delhi-Mumbai flight, police said on Monday. A special court ordered police to detain the passenger for interrogation until Wednesday, when the case will be heard next. It can take months for formal charges to be filed in India. Zaira Wasim, the actress, was seen sobbing in a video she posted on Instagram after getting off a Vistara flight. She alleged she was attacked by the passenger seated behind her.  He kept nudging my shoulder and continued to move his foot up and down my back and neck,  Wasim said in the post.  Is this how we are going to take care of girls?  The video sparked outrage on social media with fans coming out in support of Wasim, who shot to fame through her role as a child wrestler in the 2016 blockbuster Bollywood drama  Dangal . Police have registered a case against a man identified as Vikas Sachdeva, under Section 354 - for assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty - and the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, a Mumbai police control room official said.  Vistara is jointly owned by Tata and Singapore Airlines.  We are investigating fully and will support Zaira in every way required,  Vistara chief strategy and commercial officer Sanjiv Kapoor said.  We have zero tolerance for this kind of thing.  Neither Sachdeva or his lawyers could be reached for comment. In court, Sachdeva s lawyer accused Wasim of making the allegations for publicity, and asked why she had not complained to crew members during the flight. Local media quoted the suspect s wife, Divya Sachdeva, as saying her husband was innocent and that she was returning from a funeral and had been asleep on the flight. She accused Wasim of having made the allegations for publicity. A spokeswoman for the airline said it had provided details to the police and aviation authorities and its senior management had flown to Mumbai to assist Wasim in the investigation.  We are deeply concerned and regret the unfortunate experience Ms. Zaira Wasim had onboard our flight last night.  India s National Commission for Women, a government-appointed body fighting for women s rights, has asked the airline to explain why the crew did not step in to help the actress, according to local media reports.  This is not done at all,  Wasim, who hails from the northern Indian state of Jammu & Kashmir, was seen saying in the video while wiping away tears.  This is not...how people should be made to feel.  ",1
12559,Corsica's nationalists dream bigger after election win,"AJACCIO, France (Reuters) - Corsican nationalists said on Monday it was time for talks with Paris on greater autonomy for the French Mediterranean island, after they won nearly two thirds of seats in local elections. Support for their cause in Sunday s vote was boosted by dissatisfaction with France s mainstream parties, a trend that has fueled secessionist ambitions in other parts of Europe. Nationalist leader Gilles Simeoni hailed the start of a new era after the two-party Pe a Corsica (For Corsica) alliance that he heads took over 56 percent of Sunday s vote and 41 of 63 seats.  Unlike in Catalonia, nationalists in Corsica have downplayed any ambitions for secession, saying the island - where Napoleon was born in 1769 - lacked the Spanish region s demographic and economic clout.  But Simeoni said he was seeking a greater say for local authorities on fiscal issues, official status for the Corsican language, and limiting the right to buy property in some areas to people who had lived on the island for at least five years.   This is a time many of us thought we would never witness,  he told applauding supporters after the win, referring to the fact that nationalists only started to make headway in Corsican elections two years ago.  Our dream is becoming reality.  Calling for discussions to find a  political solution,  Simeoni told Reuters:  It s the start of a new era, the ball is in the government s court.  The nationalist vote also benefited from the island s most active clandestine group, the National Front for the Liberation of Corsica (FLNC), having laid down its weapons in 2014 after a near four-decade long rebellion. Turnout for the run-off election, in which the top parties from an initial Dec. 3 ballot participated, was barely above 50 percent. But in a sign that the government may be heeding the call for dialogue, Prime Minister Edouard Philippe on Sunday called Simeoni to congratulate him on his win and told him he was willing to see him soon in Paris, Philippe s office said.     Corsica has a population of just 320,000 people and a tiny 8.6 billion euro ($10.13 billion) economy. ($1 = 0.8488 euros) ",1
12560,Hungary not planning to move Israeli embassy to Jerusalem: PM,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary is not planning to move its Israeli Embassy to Jerusalem, Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Monday, adding that the government s Middle East policy was unchanged.  This (option) has not come up,  Orban told reporters in response to a question in parliament according to an audio recording of his remarks published on the website of private broadcaster HirTV.  Hungary sees no reason to change its Middle East policy,  Orban said.  We will continue with the balanced politics we have been pursuing.  He did not elaborate. On Friday Hungary blocked a statement planned by all EU 28 governments in response to Trump s announcement and the Foreign Ministry said Hungary was in favor of a negotiated solution in the Middle East. ",1
12561,"Putin, Egypt's Sisi discuss restart of flights, sign nuclear deal","CAIRO (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin held talks with Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Monday, agreeing to resume civilian flights which Moscow halted more than two years ago after militants bombed a Russian tourist jet over the Sinai. Putin s latest visit to Cairo reflects the deepening ties between Russia and Egypt, the second largest recipient of U.S. military aid after Israel and a strategic U.S. partner in the Middle East because of its control of the Suez Canal. Putin, who flew on to Turkey, briefly visited a Russian base in Syria before arriving in Egypt and ordered Russian forces to start withdrawing from Syria after a two-year military campaign there. In Cairo, Egyptian and Russian ministers signed a $21 billion deal to start work on Egypt s Dabaa nuclear power plant and Putin said Moscow was ready to resume Russian civilian flights to Egypt. Moscow halted civilian air traffic to Egypt in 2015 after militants detonated a bomb on a Russian Metrojet flight, downing the jet leaving from the tourist resort of Sharm el-Sheikh and killing 224 people on board. The attack and Moscow s decision damaged Egypt s already struggling tourism industry. Egyptian airport inspections and talks to resume flights have been going on for months.  The Russian security services have reported to me that, on the whole, we are ready for opening the direct air link between Moscow and Cairo,  Putin said.  This would require signing a corresponding intergovernmental protocol.  Russia s transport minister told reporters flights could resume in early February, and Russia was prepared to sign a protocol with Egypt this week. Earlier, Russian state nuclear company Rosatom said the Dabaa nuclear station it will build in Egypt will have four reactors and cost up to $21 billion. Construction is expected to finish in 2028-2029. Moscow and Cairo signed an initial agreement in 2015 for Russia to build the plant, with Russia extending a loan to Egypt to cover the cost of construction. Sisi said the two leaders had also discussed industrial projects, trade and Russian investments in Egypt, including in the Suez Canal Economic Zone. Sisi and Putin also discussed Syria and mutual rejection of U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, a move that has triggered protests across the region and from European capitals.  We had a detailed exchange of views on key international issues. Our approaches either coincide completely or are really quite close,  Putin said.  The high-level Russian visit comes after the U.S. government in August decided to deny Egypt $95.7 million in aid and to delay another $195 million because of its failure to make progress on human rights and democratic norms. Russia launched a military operation to support Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in September 2015, and there are signs Moscow is keen to expand its military presence in the region. Neither leader on Monday mentioned an announcement from November when Russia s government published a draft agreement between Russia and Egypt allowing both countries to use each other s air space and air bases for their military planes. But Putin has been steadily building relations with Egypt. On his first visit to Cairo in 2015, he was the first leader of a major power to meet with Sisi after the former Egyptian army commander ousted Islamist President Mohamed Mursi in 2013. That prompted Washington to cool relations with Egypt, and the U.S. government suspended some military aid. Since then the two leaders have increased cooperation, reviving the historical alliance between Egypt and Soviet Union of the 1970s.  ",1
12562,UK govt. accepts lawmakers' demands for scrutiny of Brexit law changes,"LONDON (Reuters) - The British government will grant lawmakers more oversight of the process of severing ties with the European Union, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Monday. The concession, designed to head off a potential rebellion in parliament, will be incorporated into the EU withdrawal bill - the legislation that forms a central plank of May s Brexit strategy. Several lawmakers, including members of the governing Conservative Party, have challenged her administration over its plans to copy and paste EU rules into British legislation, saying they give ministers power to change laws without the agreement of parliament. To address these concerns, a committee of lawmakers has proposed adding an extra layer of parliamentary scrutiny of such changes.  We have studied the Procedure Committee s report in detail and listened to the representations, and we are announcing today that we will be accepting this amendment,  the spokesman told reporters. The plan is to create a  sifting committee  to look at each of the proposed changes as they are published by the government and recommend how they are then approved by parliament. Although all changes will receive parliamentary approval, some can be recommended for more detailed scrutiny. The transfer of EU law into British law is designed to give businesses legal certainty after Britain s departure in March 2019. Parliament has described is as one of the largest legislative projects ever undertaken in the UK. ",1
12563,EU to resume political contact 'at all levels' with Thailand: statement,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - The European Union will resume political contact  at all levels  with Thailand, its foreign affairs council said on Monday, after putting relations on hold following a 2014 coup by the Thai military. The move comes after Thailand s Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha announced in October that a general election would take place in November 2018 - the most precise date the junta has given after many delays since the 2014 coup.  The government, however, has yet to end a political ban that would allow political parties to campaign ahead of the vote. The EU is Thailand s third trade partner after China and Japan. Thailand is the EU s third-largest trading partner in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).  Thailand exported goods worth  19.6 billion ($23.11 billion) to the EU in 2015, according to the European Commission.  The Council decided to resume political contacts at all levels with Thailand in order to facilitate meaningful dialogue on issues of mutual importance, including on human rights and fundamental freedoms, and the road towards democracy,  the EU s Foreign Affairs Council said in a statement.  In June 2014, the EU said it would keep its relations with Thailand under review and put on hold the signing of a Partnership and Cooperation Agreement (PCA), which was aimed at closer economic and political ties with Thailand. It has expressed concerns over freedom of expression in the country and has called for a swift return to democracy.  The signing of PCA and talks on EU-Thailand Free Trade Agreement (FTA) could resume with a democratically elected civilian government under the new Constitution, the statement said.  The United States also downgraded ties with Thailand following the coup, scaling back joint military exercises, among other things. According to the European Commission, the EU exported goods worth  13.4 billion ($15.80 billion) to Thailand in 2015, including machinery and transport equipment. ($1 = 0.8480 euros) ",1
12564,"Iran foreign minister defends missile program, asks European support","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s foreign minister on Monday defended its ballistic missile program and urged European countries not to be influenced by U.S. President Donald Trump s confrontational policy towards Tehran. In an op-ed article in the New York Times, Mohammad Javad Zarif also urged European powers to help preserve the landmark 2015 deal under which Iran curbed its disputed nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of a number of international sanctions.  In October Trump struck a blow against the deal, approved by his predecessor Barack Obama, by refusing to certify that Iran is complying with the terms of the deal despite findings to the contrary by U.N. nuclear inspectors. Trump has also called Iran an  economically depleted rogue state  that exports violence.  Europe should not pander to Washington s determination to shift focus to yet another unnecessary crisis - whether it be Iran s defensive missile program or our influence in the Middle East,  Zarif wrote.  His remarks seemed to be at least partly aimed at France which has been critical of the Islamic Republic s missile tests and regional policy, including involvement in Syria s war, in recent weeks.  Last month French President Emmanuel Macron said he was  very concerned  by the missile program and called for talks about it, an appeal rejected by Iranian officials.  Iran s missiles are for defensive purposes only, Zarif wrote in the op-ed.  We have honed missiles as an effective means of deterrence. And our conscious decision to focus on precision rather than range has afforded us the capability to strike back with pinpoint accuracy,  he wrote.  Nuclear weapons do not need to be precise. Conventional warheads, however, do.  While criticizing the missile program, European powers that were party to the nuclear deal - France, Britain and Germany - have reaffirmed their commitment to the nuclear deal and voiced concern at Trump calling it into question. Zarif also criticized rival Saudi Arabia s regional policy and military campaign in Yemen but also called for dialogue.  As Iran and its partners labor to put out fires, the arsonists in our region grow more unhinged. They re oblivious to the necessity of inclusive engagement,  Zarif wrote. (Refile with full name of minister, para 2, inserts dropped word  labor  in last para) ",1
12565,Kuwait replaces oil and finance ministers in cabinet reshuffle,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwait replaced its oil, finance and defense ministers in a cabinet reshuffle on Monday, state news agency KUNA reported. Bakhit al-Rashidi was appointed the new oil minister of the OPEC member state and Nayef Falah al-Hajraf was named the new finance minister, KUNA said, citing a royal decree. Sheikh Nasser Sabah Al-Ahmad, son of the ruling Emir Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, was appointed the new minister of defense. The previous cabinet resigned on Oct. 30 when its information minister was questioned by parliament and faced a no-confidence vote over alleged violations of budgetary and legislative rules. Mohammed Nasser Al-Jabri was named the new minister. The major oil producer has the oldest legislature among the Gulf Arab states and experiences frequent cabinet reshuffles. The previous government was formed in February. Rashidi, who replaced Essam al-Marzouq as oil minister, is chief executive of Kuwait Petroleum International (KPI), the international downstream subsidiary of state-run Kuwait Petroleum Corp. There was no immediate announcement about his KPI post but in the past, Kuwaiti ministers have resigned positions as corporate executives when they take government posts. Rashidi, who has an engineering background, is also a former executive of state refiner Kuwait National Petroleum Co. Hajraf replaced Anas al-Saleh, who had been finance minister since early 2014. Hajraf was previously chairman of the Board of Commissioners of the Capital Markets Authority, the securities regulator. He has also served as an acting finance minister.  Saleh was named deputy prime minister and state minister for cabinet affairs. ",1
12566,Magnitude 6.0 earthquake hits western Iran: state media,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A magnitude 6.0 earthquake hit western Iran on Monday, state media reported. The center of the quake was near the town of Ezgele, but tremors were also felt in Kermanshah, the largest city in the area. Last month, a magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit western Iran, killing at least 530 and injuring thousands. ",1
12567,Nigerian police official defends unit against brutality accusations,"ABUJA (Reuters) - A police official defended a unit of the Nigeria Police Force that has been accused of human rights violations, saying many claims of brutality were unfounded and the country needed to be defended against violent crime.  A social media campaign has called for the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) to be disbanded. It has gathered pace in recent days as people shared stories of alleged maltreatment by the unit s officers, as well as photographs and videos.  Lawmakers in the Senate, the upper house of parliament, voted on Tuesday to open an investigation into the allegations. Nigerian police have been dogged by accusations of human rights abuses for years. The police force has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing.  When you check most of these allegations ... it is somebody else that is saying that something happened to another person,  said Abayomi Shogunle, who heads the Nigeria Police Force s complaints unit.   We have reached out to all these people: tell us who this victim is, tell us the place where it took place, tell us the date and time. They are not forthcoming,  said Shogunle, an assistant police commissioner. The social media campaign gathered pace after a video was circulated on social media of a youths chasing police after a man was allegedly shot dead by officers in the commercial capital, Lagos.  Reuters could not verify whether the incident took place or details of when and where the video footage was filmed.  The campaign, which has seen the EndSARS hashtag trending on Twitter, on Monday prompted the head of the police force to announce an immediate re-organisation of SARS nationwide and an investigation into abuse allegations. Shogunle said a specialist crime unit was needed in a country where kidnapping for ransom is a common problem in some regions, along with burglary. Clashes between semi-nomadic herdsmen and farmers over herding rights have also led to bloodshed in central and northern parts of the country. More than 30 people were killed in such clashes in a northeastern town last month.  The question is what do we replace them with? Who will perform those tough, difficult, life-threatening duties that SARS are performing at the moment?  he said.  Street protests are also being planned in Nigerian cities.   This has been going on for a long time and it s crazy that the people actually supposed to be your friend, to protect you, are the ones assaulting and abusing you,  said Charles Oputa, who is planning to hold an event in the capital, Abuja.  He said he did not believe the restructuring announced by the country s police chief would take place.  ",1
12568,Emirates and flydubai resume operating some flights over Iraq,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Emirates and flydubai have resumed using Iraqi airspace for flights to other countries, the Middle East airlines said on Monday, two days after Iraq declared victory in its years-long fight against Islamic state. Several airlines stopped flying over Iraq in 2014 on safety concerns because of the conflict and after a Malaysian Airlines passenger jet was shot down over Ukraine the same year. Airlines have instead been flying longer routes over Iran and other countries, increasing congestion in the region, with many airlines also avoiding Syrian airspace.  The use of Iraqi airspace is likely to help Emirates and flydubai to save on fuel costs by shortening flying hours and also reduce regional airspace congestion. Emirates has  resumed utilizing Iraqi airspace and a very small number of our flights overfly Iraqi airspace each day , an airline spokeswoman said in an emailed statement.  The spokeswoman said that Emirates reviews its flight operations regularly, in line with advice from regulators and authorities.  Safety, security and operational efficiency will always be the top considerations when planning flight paths,  the spokeswoman said. Emirates did not say when it started flying over Iraq again or which routes were affected. Airlines flying through the region have in the past used Iraqi airspace for flights to Europe and the United States.  Flydubai started using eastern Iraqi airspace again on Nov. 28, mostly affecting flights to and from Eastern Europe and Turkey, a spokeswoman said in an email.  All the necessary risk and security assessments were conducted prior to the start of overflying,  the spokeswoman said. Iraqi forces recaptured the last areas still under Islamic State control along the border with Syria on Saturday and secured the western desert, marking the end of the war against the militants three years after they had captured about a third of Iraq s territory. Emirates and flydubai have continued flying to and from Iraq since 2014 but with temporary suspensions on some flights from time to time. ",1
12569,Venezuelan migrants pose humanitarian problem in Brazil,"BOA VISTA, Brazil (Reuters) - Last August, Victor Rivera, a 36-year-old unemployed baker, left his hometown in northern Venezuela and made the two-day journey by road to the remote Amazonian city of Boa Vista, Brazil. Although work is scarce in the city of 300,000 people, slim prospects in Boa Vista appeal more to Rivera than life back home, where his six children often go hungry and the shelves of grocery stores and hospitals are increasingly bare.  I see no future in Venezuela,  said Rivera, who seeks odd jobs at traffic lights in the small state capital just over 200 km (124 miles) from Brazil s border with the Andean country. Countries across Latin America and beyond have received a growing number of Venezuelans fleeing economic hardship, crime and what critics call an increasingly authoritarian government. The once-prosperous country, home to the world s largest proven oil reserves, is struggling with a profound recession, widespread unemployment, chronic shortages and inflation that the opposition-led Congress said could soon top 2,000 percent. At least 125 people died this year amid clashes among government opponents, supporters and police. As conditions there worsen, nearby cities like Boa Vista are struggling with one of the biggest migrations in recent Latin American history. With limited infrastructure, social services and jobs to offer migrants, Brazilian authorities fear a full-fledged humanitarian crisis. In Roraima, the rural state of which Boa Vista is the capital, the governor last week decreed a  social emergency,  putting local services on alert for mounting health and security demands.   Shelters are already crowded to their limit,  said George Okoth-Obbo, operations chief for the United Nations High Commission on Refugees, after a visit there. It is a very tough situation.   He noted the crush of migrants also hitting Trinidad and Tobago, the Caribbean country to Venezuela s north, and Colombia, the Andean neighbor to the west, where hundreds of thousands have fled. Not even Venezuela s government knows for certain how many of its 30 million people have fled in recent years. Some sociologists have estimated the number to be as high as 2 million, although President Nicolas Maduro s leftist government disputes that figure. Unlike earlier migration, when many Venezuelan professionals left for markets where their services found strong demand, many of those leaving now have few skills or resources. By migrating, then, they export some of the social ills that Venezuela has struggled to cope with.   They re leaving because of economic, health and public safety problems, but putting a lot of pressure on countries that have their own difficulties,  said Mauricio Santoro, a political scientist at Rio de Janeiro State University. International authorities are likening Venezuela s exodus to other mass departures in Latin America s past, like that of refugees who fled Haiti after a 2010 earthquake or, worse, the 1980 flight of 125,000 Cubans by boat for the United States.   In Brazil, Okoth-Obbo said, as many as 40,000 Venezuelans have arrived. Just over half of them have applied for asylum, a bureaucratic process that can take two years.  The request grants them the right to stay in Brazil while their application is reviewed. It also gives them access to health, education and other social services. Some migrants in Boa Vista are finding ways to get by, finding cheap accommodation or lodging in the few shelters, like a local gym, that authorities have provided. Others wander homeless, some turning to crime, like prostitution, adding law enforcement woes to the social challenges.  We have a very serious problem that will only get worse.  said Boa Vista Mayor Teresa Surita, adding that the city s once quiet streets are increasingly filled with poor Venezuelans.  Most migrants in Boa Vista arrive by land, traveling the southward route that is the only road crossing along more than 2,100 kms of border with Brazil. Arriving by public transport in the Venezuelan border town of Santa Elena, they enter Brazil on foot and then take buses or hitch rides further south to Boa Vista. Staffed only during the day, the border post in essence is open, allowing as many as 400 migrants to enter daily, according to authorities. For a state with the lowest population and smallest economy of any in Brazil, that is no small influx.   Brazil s government is not ready for what is coming,  said Jes s L pez de Bobadilla, a Catholic priest who runs a refugee center on the border. He serves breakfast of fruit, coffee and  bread to hundreds of Venezuelans. Despite a long history of immigration, Latin America s biggest country has struggled this decade to accommodate asylum seekers from countries including Haiti and Syria. Although Brazil has granted asylum for more than 2,700 Syrians, the refugees have received scant government support even in Sao Paulo, Brazil s richest state. A senior official in Brazil s foreign ministry, who asked to remain anonymous, said the country will not close its borders. Okoth-Obbo said his U.N. agency and Brazil s government are discussing ways to move refugees to larger cities. Boa Vista schools have admitted about 1,000 Venezuelan children. The local hospital has no beds because of increased demand for care, including many Venezuelan pregnancies.  In July, a 10-year-old Venezuelan boy died of diphtheria, a disease absent from Roraima for years. Giuliana Castro, the state secretary for public security, said treating ill migrants is difficult because they lack stability, like a fixed address.    There is a risk of humanitarian crisis here,  she said.  Most migrants in Boa Vista said they do not intend to return to Venezuela unless conditions there improve. Carolina Coronada, who worked as an accountant in the northern Venezuelan city of Maracay, arrived in Brazil a year ago with her 7-year-old daughter. She has applied for residency and works at a fast-food restaurant. While she earns less than before, and said she makes lower wages than Brazilians at the restaurant, she is happier.    There was no milk or vaccines,  she said.  Now I can sleep at night, not worried about getting mugged.  Others are faring worse, struggling to find work as Brazil recovers from a two-year recession, its worst in over a century. One recent evening, dozens of young Venezuelan women walked the streets of Caimb , a neighborhood on Boa Vista s west side.  Camila, a 23-year-old transsexual, left Venezuela nine months ago. She said she turns tricks for about $100 a night - enough to send food, medicine and even car parts to her family.  Things are so bad in Venezuela I could barely feed myself,  said Camila, who declined to give her last name.  Rivera, the unemployed baker, one afternoon sheltered from the equatorial sun under a mango tree. He has applied for asylum and said he is willing to miss his family as long as he can wire his earnings from gardening, painting and bricklaying home.   It s not enough to live on, but the little money I can send home feeds my family,  he said. ",1
12570,Britain steps up battle against money laundering,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Monday it would create a new national economic crime center to crack down harder on money laundering by drug dealers and people traffickers who are expected to net 90 billion pounds ($120.3 billion) this year. As a unit of the existing National Crime Agency (NCA), the center will be tasked with coordinating a national response among the agencies that tackle money laundering and fraud and with increasing the confiscation of crime proceeds. Britain s interior minister, Amber Rudd, said the new initiative was part of a package of measures in response to a review of the country s economic crime agencies.    The measures we have announced today will significantly improve our ability to tackle the most serious cases of economic crime by ensuring our agencies have the tools and investment they need to investigate, prosecute and confiscate criminal assets,  Rudd said in a statement. Britain s plan to exit the European Union in 2019 has raised fears of a  bonfire of regulation  that could occur thereafter and result in the City of London losing its top global financial center ranking. Strengthening the integrity of Britain as a financial center will be a top priority under the package, which also includes proposed new laws. These would allow the new center to directly task the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) to investigate the worst offenders in a step that will buttress the SFO, whose future as a standalone entity has been in doubt. SFO Director David Green is due to step down next year. Separately on Monday, the Attorney General s Office, a government department, said the SFO would continue to act as an independent organization, supporting the multi-agency response led by the NCA.  We will begin recruitment for the SFO s next director very soon,  the AGO said in a statement. The government estimates that financial fraud costs the country 6.8 billion pounds a year, or more than 100 pounds per person. Rudd will chair a new economic crime strategic board to ensure the right resources are allocated across law enforcement agencies to tackle economic crime, the interior ministry statement said. With only a modest portion of criminal proceeds confiscated, the package announced on Monday makes further commitments to seizing criminal assets through greater use of existing powers by the SFO, the NCA and tax authorities. There will also be a review of existing rules on confiscating proceeds of crime in order to improve the process by which confiscation orders are made and applied. ($1 = 0.7479 pounds) ",1
12571,"Emboldened by change, some Uzbek imams turn on loudspeakers for call to prayer","TASHKENT (Reuters) - Some mosques in Uzbekistan are starting to broadcast the Muslim call to prayer from loudspeakers for the first time in a decade as they take advantage of a more tolerant official attitude toward Islam since President Islam Karimov died last year. The imams are amplifying the Adhan call to prayer without asking for government permission. Under Karimov, an imam who took such a liberty would have faced losing his job or possible imprisonment. The new boldness is a response to decisions by President Shavkat Mirziyoyev to liberalize the ex-Soviet nation of 32 million people whose main religion is Islam. Mirziyoyev has overseen the release of several prominent political prisoners, relaxed some security measures and this week he pardoned 2,700 convicts, saying that in the past many sentences had been unjust. Western countries and human rights groups accused the government of repression under Karimov who ruled the Central Asian nation from 1989 until his death in September 2016. The leader cracked down on public displays of Islamic practice including hijabs and beards because he feared the country was vulnerable to Islamist militancy. His government blamed militants for bombings in the capital in 1999 and unrest in the city of Andijan in 2005. Around 200 people died in all, according to official figures, and the incidents were the bloodiest since Uzbekistan gained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991. After government troops clashed with armed protesters in Andijan, Uzbek mosques stopped using loudspeakers for the call to prayer though the practice was never formally banned. Over the last few months, however, some imams have begun to broadcast the Adhan from mosques again. A Reuters reporter heard it at three mosques in Tashkent, though it was only audible to people near the buildings. The call is part of the soundscape in many Muslim cities, blasting from speakers on minarets five times each day and extra loud on Friday, which is the day of prayer. Worshippers in Tashkent welcomed the change.  People should hear that it s prayer time. That s what Muslim life is about,  said a young man outside one of the mosques. He declined to give his identity. A cleric at one of Tashkent s main mosques said the matter was being discussed within the Muslim Board of Uzbekistan, which is close to the government. No ruling has been made.   Some imams took the initiative  and turned on their loudspeakers at their own risk once the talks with the Board had started, said the cleric who declined to give his name because he was not authorized to comment publicly. Another source close to the clergy said some imams had argued that without a formal ban there was no need for formal permission to restart. There have been no reports of clerics being prosecuted for breaking the informal ban. The government declined to comment on the matter. Nurulloh Muhammad Raufkhon, an Uzbek writer who recently returned to Tashkent after living in exile for more than a year, said he saw the cautious return of Adhan as a sign of a broader change in the state s attitude to religion under Mirziyoyev.  (Mirziyoyev s) decree on developing and introducing Halal standards was another important step,  he said. Mirziyoyev ordered the government last month to develop standards for food products that adhere to Islamic dietary laws, which prohibit the consumption of pork and alcohol among other things. The move could boost Uzbek sales of halal food both domestically and overseas.  Previously, we were banned from using the word  halal . I know because I used to work at ... a religious magazine .... Halal restaurants were closed down. The word  halal  was removed from product labels,  he said. In another break with Karimov-era policy, Mirziyoyev said in September Uzbekistan had removed about 16,000 people from a 17,000-strong security blacklist of potential Muslim religious extremists and dissidents. He said he wanted  to bring them (back) into our society and educate them.  The issue of Islamist militancy in Uzbekistan has spread beyond the country s borders. This year, at least 60 people have died in attacks abroad carried out by Uzbek nationals or ethnic Uzbeks. The most deadly was a shooting in an Istanbul nightclub in which 39 people died. In the late 1990s, the government fought the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, a militant group that sought to make Uzbekistan an Islamic state. It later moved to Afghanistan to join forces with the Taliban. Hundreds of Uzbeks have also joined Islamic State in Syria and Iraq. Authorities fear radicalized youths may return home.  Nowadays they are talking about driving the terrorists out of Syria,  Mirziyoyev said in a public speech this month.  But the question is, where will they go now? We should think about it.  At the same time, he said many of Uzbekistan s convicted prisoners had been sentenced unjustly and he vowed to crack down on abuses such as torture and fabricated evidence. ",1
12572,"Pakistani peace activist reported missing, police say","Karachi, Pakistan (Reuters) - A Pakistani peace activist has been reported missing over the weekend from eastern city of Lahore, police and one of his friends said on Tuesday. Raza Mehmood Khan, 40, a member of Aghaz-i-Dosti  (Start of Friendship), a group that works on peace building between arch-rivals Pakistan and India, hasn t been heard from since he left  home on Sunday, said Rahim-ul-Haq, a friend and an associate. He said the group has offices in both countries. Police official Shehzad Raza said Khan s family reported he had been missing since Saturday. No one has been accused in the report, he said.  We re investigating.  Several social media activists critical of the army and the country s extremists and militant groups have gone missing in Pakistan in recent months.  Four of them were released nearly a month after they disappeared early this year. Two of them - Ahmad Waqas Goraya and Asim Saeed _ later alleged in interviews with BBC and their social media posts that Pakistani intelligence abducted and tortured them in custody.      Pakistan s army has denied the accusations.         Haq said Khan spoke at a discussion on Saturday on the topic of extremism.  Everyone discussed their views and, of course, Raza was very critical,  he said.  He said that Raza s recent Facebook posts were critical of Pakistani military, especially in view of a recent sit-in protest by hard-liners that paralyzed Islamabad for over two weeks.  The extremists won almost all of their demands, including resignation of a minister they accused of blasphemy, in an agreement brokered by the army. ",1
12573,Putin says Russia ready 'in principle' to resume direct passenger flights to Egypt,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Russia is ready in principle to resume direct passenger flights to Egypt and an agreement is expected to be signed in the near future, Russian President Vladimir Putin said after meeting Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Monday. ",1
12574,Qatar goes ahead with $6.7 billion Typhoon combat jets deal with UK's BAE Systems,"LONDON (Reuters) - BAE Systems and Qatar have entered into a contract  valued at around 5 billion pounds ($6.7 billion) for the country to buy 24 Typhoon combat aircraft, the British defense group said on Sunday. The company said delivery was expected in late 2022 and that the contract was subject  to financing conditions and receipt by the company of first payment, which are expected to be fulfilled no later than mid-2018 . At a ceremony in Doha British Defence Minister Gavin Williamson and Qatari Minister of State for Defence Affairs Khalid bin Mohammed al Attiyah, oversaw the signing of a deal which the British minister called a  massive vote of confidence, supporting thousands of British jobs and injecting billions into our economy .  We are delighted to begin a new chapter in the development of a long-term relationship with the State of Qatar and the Qatar Armed Forces, and we look forward to working alongside our customer as they continue to develop their military capability,  Charles Woodburn, BAE s chief executive, said in a statement. In September Qatar s defense minister was reported to have signed a letter of intent to buy the 24 Typhoon jets from BAE in a move that could anger other Gulf countries boycotting Doha. ($1 = 0.7472 pounds) ",1
12575,Senior Saudi prince condemns Trump's 'opportunistic' Jerusalem move,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Former Saudi intelligence chief Prince Turki al-Faisal has criticized U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, in one of the sharpest reactions emanating from the U.S.-allied kingdom. In a letter to Trump published in a Saudi newspaper on Monday, Prince Turki, a former ambassador to Washington who now holds no government office but remains influential, called the move a domestic political ploy which would stoke violence.  Bloodshed and mayhem will definitely follow your opportunistic attempt to make electoral gain,  Prince Turki wrote in a letter published in the Saudi newspaper al-Jazeera. Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy and veered from international consensus last week by recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Most countries say the city s status must be left to negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians.  Your action has emboldened the most extreme elements in the Israeli society ... because they take your action as a license to evict the Palestinians from their lands and subject them to an apartheid state,  Prince Turki wrote.  Your action has equally emboldened Iran and its terrorist minions to claim that they are the legitimate defenders of Palestinian rights,  he added, referring to the kingdom s arch-foe Shi ite Iran. Saudi Arabia has sought better ties with Washington under Trump than it had under his predecessor Barack Obama, who alarmed Riyadh by signing a nuclear agreement with Iran, Saudi Arabia s arch enemy. Prince Turki is a son of King Faisal, who was assassinated in 1975. His brother, Saud al-Faisal, served as foreign minister for 40 years until 2015, and their branch of the family is seen as influential over Saudi foreign policy, even as Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has solidified his authority. Prince Saud championed a 2002 Arab peace initiative which called for normalizing relations between Arab countries and Israel in return for Israel s withdrawal from occupied territories. Although most foreign policy in Saudi Arabia is now overseen by Crown Prince Mohammed, a source at the King Faisal Centre for Research and Islamic Studies which Prince Turki chairs said he still meets King Salman every week. ",1
12576,"Grounded ferry in Calais refloated, passengers disembarked","LILLE, France (Reuters) - A P&O ferry with more than 300 people on board which had run aground in Calais harbor in northern France has been refloated and all passengers have disembarked, a P&O Ferries spokesman said on Sunday.  The Dover-bound  Pride of Kent  had run aground on a sand bank around midday as she tried to leave the Calais harbor in stormy weather. Nobody was injured.  The ship, supported by two tug boats, was refloated as the tide came in early evening and all passengers have disembarked. The spokesman said most passengers would continue their journey to the UK on other P&O ferries tonight, while some would stay overnight in Calais on P&O s expense. UK-based P&O operates 20 ferries which carry nine million passengers per year between France, Belgium, The Netherlands and across the Irish Sea. ",1
12577,Bulgaria asks Russia to overhaul MiG fighter jets,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Bulgaria has asked Russian Aircraft Corporation MiG to overhaul and maintain its 15 aged MiG-29 fighter jets in a four-year deal worth up to 81.3 million levs ($49 million), the country s defense ministry said on Monday. NATO and EU member Bulgaria needs to keep its Soviet-era aircraft operational after plans to buy eight new fighter jets  hit another snag. The defense ministry will have to virtually restart the process and is yet to send requests for proposals to aircraft makers. Main contenders remain Swedish manufacturer Saab s Gripen jets, Portugal and the United States with secondhand F-16s and Italy with secondhand Eurofighter Typhoons. Defence Minister Krasimir Karakachanov has said Bulgaria may also send a request to Boeing for F-18 aircraft.      ($1 = 1.6586 leva) ",1
12578,Indonesia detains 18 in pre-emptive bid to boost Christmas security,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian anti-terrorism police have detained 18 people with links to militant groups in a bid to cut the risk of attacks during Christmas and the New Year in the world s biggest Muslim-majority country, police said on Monday. Near-simultaneous attacks on churches in the capital, Jakarta, and elsewhere on Christmas Eve in 2000, killed nearly 20 people. Ever since, authorities have stepped up security at churches and tourist spots for the holiday. Police Chief Tito Karnavian said while there was no evidence of a specific plot, the detentions were made in a bid to head off trouble.  We re doing a pre-emptive strike,  Karnavian told reporters.       The majority of them have links to previous incidents (and people) who we had arrested earlier,  he said. Police said that 12 people had been detained in South Sumatra, four in West Kalimantan, one in Malang in East Java and one in Surabaya in the same province. Under Indonesia s anti-terrorism laws, investigators can hold people for seven days before determining whether they will be designated suspects or released, said police spokesman Setyo Wasisto. Indonesia has seen its share of militant attacks over the years aimed at foreign, Christian and government targets including blasts on the tourist island of Bali in 2002 that killed 202 people. Since then, police have managed to stamp out or weaken many militant networks although there has been a resurgence in radicalism in recent years, inspired largely by Islamic State. A series of small-scale attacks since early 2016 has been linked to Islamic State, which is believed to have thousands of sympathizers in Indonesia.    ",1
12579,Russia urges India to line up behind China's Belt and Road initiative,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Russia threw its weight behind China s massive Belt and Road plan to build trade and transport links across Asia and beyond, suggesting to India on Monday that it find a way to work with Beijing on the signature project.  India is strongly opposed to an economic corridor that China is building in Pakistan that runs through disputed Kashmir as part of the Belt and Road initiative.  India was the only country that stayed away from a May summit hosted by Chinese President Xi Jinping to promote the plan to build railways, ports and power grids in a modern-day recreation of the Silk Road. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said New Delhi should not let political problems deter it from joining the project, involving billions of dollars of investment, and benefiting from it. Lavrov was speaking in the Indian capital after a three-way meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj at which, he said, India s reservations over the Chinese project were discussed.  I know India has problems, we discussed it today, with the concept of One Belt and One Road, but the specific problem in this regard should not make everything else conditional to resolving political issues,  he said. Russia, all the countries in central Asia, and European nations had signed up to the Chinese project to boost economic cooperation, he said.   Those are the facts,  he said.  India, I am 100 percent convinced, has enough very smart diplomats and politicians to find a way which would allow you to benefit from this process.  The comments by Russia, India s former Cold War ally, reflected the differences within the trilateral grouping formed 15 years ago to challenge U.S.-led dominance of global affairs. But substantial differences between India and China, mainly over long-standing border disputes, have snuffed out prospects of any real cooperation among the three.  India, in addition, has drawn closer to the United States in recent years, buying weapons worth billions of dollars to replace its largely Soviet-origin military. Swaraj said the three countries had very productive talks on economic issues and the fight against terrorism. ",1
12580,Indian police arrest French journalist for filming in Kashmir,"SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - An Indian court on Monday remanded in custody a French journalist for five days after he was arrested in the disputed Kashmir region for filming a documentary without permission and violating visa regulations, police said. The freelance journalist, Paul Comiti, was arrested on Sunday in Srinagar, the main city in Indian-administered Kashmir where Muslim separatists have been waging a violent campaign against  Indian rule since the late 1980s. Comiti held an Indian business visa which did not permit him to make a documentary on political or security-related issues, Senior Superintendent of Police Imtiyaz Ismael Parray told Reuters. Comiti had met a separatist leader, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, and filmed protesters throwing stones at members of the security forces, said another senior police official, who declined to be identified as he is not authorized to speak to the media. He had also met victims of anti-riot  pellet guns  that the  security forces use against protesters. More than 3,800 people have been wounded and one killed by the weapons since a new round of protests against Indian rule erupted last year, with more than 100 partially or fully blinded, official figures show.  We called him to ask him about his activities, but he refused to present himself before the police,  the second police official said.  He was not authorized to film here because he was on a business visa. He was finally arrested.  Muslim-majority Kashmir is claimed in full but ruled in part by mostly Hindu India and Muslim Pakistan and has been at the heart of nearly seven decades of hostility between the neighbors. Comiti had asked the defense ministry for permission to  film in Kashmir, but it had been denied because he was on a business visa, said the second police official. A French Embassy s consular official based in New Delhi met Comiti at the police station in Srinagar, police said. An embassy spokesman was not available for comment. An insurgency by separatist militants raged in Kashmir through the 1990s and into the 2000s but it had died down more recently. But the killing by the security forces of a young, popular separatist leader in July 2016 sparked a new wave of protests by a new generation in India s only Muslim-majority state. India s interior minister said last year the government planned to reconsider the use of the pellet guns to control crowds, after the multiple casualties stirred public anger and condemnation by rights groups. ",1
12581,Pictures of the Year: A picture and its story,"(Reuters) - Reuters photographers witnessed the biggest stories of 2017   from Donald Trump s first year as U.S. president to the flight of Rohingya refugees from Myanmar, from Venezuela s crisis to the fall of Islamic State and a tower block inferno in London. This feature presents some of their strongest images. It also gives the photographers a chance to tell the stories behind their pictures and explain in their own words how the images were taken. They talk about trekking through the night in South Sudan and flying over the Pacific Ocean to photograph a total eclipse. They talk about watching drowning migrants being rescued in the Mediterranean and finding the best vantage point to capture Air Force One as it takes off from Las Vegas in the wake of the worst gun massacre in recent U.S. history. Through it all, the photographers raise a question that shows how close they were to the action: in moments of crisis, should they take pictures or try to help?   It is always hard to come to the realization that I am most helpful when I am taking pictures,  said photographer Jonathan Bachman on his image of residents wading through flood waters from Tropical Storm Harvey in Houston.  As an observer of suffering you have to believe that your images can make a difference.  Not all of the images are serious, of course. Some are quirky and fun and the boy who was enjoying mowing the White House lawn so much that he ignored Trump is just one example. ",1
12582,India's Rahul Gandhi takes helm of Congress party to challenge Modi,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India s main opposition Congress party on Monday elevated Rahul Gandhi, the scion of the country s most fabled political dynasty, as its president, preparing to challenge the dominance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi ahead of national polls in 2019. In a long-awaited move, Gandhi, the great-grandson of India s founding prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru, was elected unopposed to head the party. He will take the reins from his mother Sonia, the party s longest-serving president, since 1998. Calling it a  historic occasion , the Congress party said Gandhi would take charge as president on Dec. 16. Television broadcast images of party supporters celebrating and distributing sweets outside Congress offices in the capital, New Delhi, and the financial hub of Mumbai. Gandhi s ascent coincides with state polls in Modi s western home state of Gujarat that are shaping as a test for the prime minister, who has been facing criticism for softening economic growth and poor implementation of a nationwide sales tax. The Congress hopes a round of state elections offers the party, and Gandhi, a shot at revival ahead of the next national elections, due in 2019.     Modi s depiction of Gandhi as an undeserving  prince  has helped sideline Gandhi since the last national election, during which time Congress has suffered some of its worst results in local elections. The Nehru-Gandhi family has ruled the country for most of its 70 years since independence from Britain. Gandhi s father and grandmother were both prime ministers, and both assassinated. Following Congress  defeat in the 2014 polls, Gandhi struggled to convince voters, as well as many within his party, of his leadership skills. But senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said Gandhi was now ready for the next challenge.  The entire country has lots of expectations from Rahul Gandhi,  Azad said.  Much before he was elected he has shown his mettle. He knows his responsibility.      Modi s Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) swiftly dismissed Gandhi s election, saying he had become president only on the basis of  dynastic principle .   The new India is loath to (accept) dynastic principle and the family character of the Congress further diminishes its appeal,  BJP spokesman G.V.L. Narasimha Rao told Reuters. Gandhi, until now a vice-president of Congress, is widely seen as a prime ministerial candidate if the party returns to power one day.  The 47-year-old has increasingly gone public in slamming Modi s governance since the last national polls, as he looks to shed the reticent image that has for years been synonymous with his political dynasty. But he has also faced political backlash. In 2015, for example, he took nearly two months of leave, prompting Modi s party to accuse him of  holidaying  while parliament was in session.   Modi still trumps Gandhi in popularity rankings, however. Nearly nine of 10 Indians have a favourable opinion of him and more than two-thirds are satisfied with the direction in which he is taking the country, a Pew survey found in November.  Modi s favourable rating was 30 points more than Gandhi s, it showed. ",1
12583,"Russia's Putin, Egypt's Sisi to sign nuclear power station deal - Kremlin","CAIRO (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Egyptian counterpart Abdel Fattah al-Sisi will sign an agreement on Monday about the construction of a nuclear power station in Egypt and supplies of nuclear fuel, according to a document provided by the Kremlin. ",1
12584,ICC reports Jordan to U.N. Security Council for not arresting Sudan's Bashir,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The International Criminal Court (ICC) said on Monday it would refer Jordan to the U.N. Security Council for failing to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir when he visited Amman in March. The court issued arrest warrants for Bashir in 2009 and 2010 over his alleged role in war crimes including genocide in Sudan s Darfur province. Jordan, as a member of the ICC, is obliged to carry out its arrest warrants. Sudan is not a member of the Hague-based permanent international war crimes court, and the ICC therefore does not have automatic jurisdiction to investigate alleged war crimes there.  However, the U.N. Security Council referred the case to the international court in March 2005. The Security Council has the power to impose sanctions for a failure to cooperate with the ICC, but has so far not acted on court referrals. A diplomatic row broke out when Bashir visited South Africa in 2015 and Pretoria failed to arrest him. South Africa s government argued that doing so would have been a violation of the immunity Bashir enjoys as a head of state. That argument was rejected by South African courts as well as the ICC. The ICC ultimately did not refer South Africa to the Security Council, however, saying it was not clear that doing so would have any effect. Kenya and South Africa have threatened to withdraw from the ICC over perceived bias against African countries. Burundi, which is under ICC investigation, has actually withdrawn.  Bashir is accused by ICC prosecutors of five counts of crimes against humanity including murder, extermination, forcible transfer, torture and rape, as well as two counts of war crimes for attacking civilians and pillaging. He faces three counts of genocide allegedly committed against the Fur, Masalit and Zaghawa ethnic groups in Darfur, Sudan, from 2003 to 2008. ",1
12585,What's behind Vietnam's corruption crackdown?,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam s crackdown on high level corruption has led to the arrest of dozens of officials from state oil firm PetroVietnam and the banking sector. As well as shedding light on graft, mismanagement and nepotism within state firms at a time privatization is accelerating, the arrests show the ascendancy of a more conservative faction within the ruling Communist Party. How many people are involved? At least 51 have been arrested across PetroVietnam and the banking sector. Some have been tried and sentenced already. The most senior figure arrested is former PetroVietnam Chairman Dinh La Thang. He is the first former politburo member to face prosecution in decades. Neither he nor his lawyer was available for comment. Germany has accused Vietnam of kidnapping one PetroVietnam suspect, Trinh Xuan Thanh. More than 100 other officials are also under threat of prosecution or have been demoted or fired. What is PetroVietnam? PetroVietnam is a tangled enterprise of 15 direct units, 18 subsidiaries and 46 affiliates in which it owns smaller stakes. Hundreds of millions of dollars in losses have been racked up at units ranging from banks to construction firms and power plants to textile mills. The scandals at PetroVietnam are connected to the banking sector through a deal in which the oil firm lost $35 million in an investment in Ocean Bank. The lender s former chief executive - a previous PetroVietnam chairman - was sentenced to death. What does the crackdown mean politically? It shows a concerted effort to rein in large-scale corruption through which some officials had secured massive personal wealth and tarnished the ruling party s image. But it has also allowed the current Communist Party leadership to strengthen its hand under General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong after winning out in a power struggle with former prime minister Nguyen Tan Dung last year. Whether or not the arrests go even higher, Trong s supremacy is assured through a term that lasts until 2021 and the faction is better placed to maintain its dominance even beyond. What divides the different groups in the ruling party? Although the party presents a public image of unity, there are diverse views on everything from the pace and openness of reforms to Vietnam s delicate diplomatic balancing between China, the United States and other powers. What best characterizes the current leadership is conservatism in preserving the party s absolute authority in close alignment with the security establishment. It marks a change of style from the leadership under Dung and his allies, some of whom emerged as personalities in their own right and showed signs of readiness for greater political openness. Alongside the corruption arrests, Vietnam has also arrested more bloggers, activists and other critics this year than in any other since a 2011 crackdown on youth activists. How popular is the corruption crackdown? Few tears are shed in Vietnam over the arrests of former officials, but there is also scepticism over the real motives. The day-to-day corruption of low-level officials and police is still a factor of Vietnamese life. What impact has this had on PetroVietnam? PetroVietnam s net profit margin in 2016 was its lowest in at least seven years at just over 7 percent from over 15 percent in 2009. The company told Reuters the oil price was the biggest factor, but it has also said failed projects, wrongdoing by officials and the investigations themselves had an impact.  PetroVietnam s shares are not listed on a stock exchange, but some of its units have underperformed its Thai peer PTT since 2009. What does this mean for reform and privatization? Although the crackdown points to the political strengthening of the party, the leadership has shown less sign of delaying economic reform than the previous administration. Facing pressure because of its budget deficit, the government has accelerated plans to sell major stakes in the most attractive assets - brewery Sabeco and Vinamilk. It is also selling stakes in three units of PetroVietnam. Some economic and business analysts believe the fear among officials of being branded corrupt could further hold up bureaucratic decision making in state-run firms and ministries. ($1=22,710 dong) ",1
12586,"U.S.-backed Syrian forces, Iraqi army coordinate at border: SDF","BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias in Syria said they have formed a joint military center with the Iraqi army to protect their common border region after ousting Islamic State militants. Commanders of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, met with Iraqi military leaders on Sunday. They  discussed protecting the Syrian-Iraqi border in the region adjacent to Deir al-Zor province, and how to finally eradicate Daesh mercenaries there,  the SDF said in a statement. Daesh is an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.  The two sides decided to form a joint coordination center to guarantee the security of the border,  it said. Last week, the SDF declared victory in its assault in Syria s Deir al-Zor, which borders Iraq. The offensive focused on seizing territory east of the Euphrates river that bisects the oil-rich province. The Kurdish-led SDF has been battling for months with the help of jets and special forces from the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State (IS). On the other side, Iraqi forces recaptured the last swathes of territory still under Islamic State control along the frontier with Syria on Saturday and secured the western desert. It marked the end of the war against IS, three years after they overran about a third of Iraq s territory. Iraqi forces who fought IS came from the army, air force, police, elite counter-terrorism forces as well as Shi ite and Sunni paramilitaries and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters. They received key air support from the U.S.-led global coalition. Syrian government forces and their allies, backed by Russian air power, have taken most of the remaining areas of Deir al-Zor province. They are mostly on the western side of the Euphrates, while the SDF is on the eastern bank. Russia and the United States set up a communications channel to reduce the chance of fighting between the two rival campaigns against Islamic State.  Forces arrayed against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria now anticipate a new phase of guerrilla warfare. Colonel Ryan Dillon, spokesman for the coalition, said Iraqi security forces and the SDF had linked up at their shared stretch of the frontier on Sunday.   Secure international border protects Iraqis (and) Syrians from remnant Daesh movement into (and) across the region as terrorist fighters/leaders attempt to flee the battlefield,  he wrote on Twitter.  ",1
12587,"May shook on gentlemen's agreement on Brexit deal, EU says","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - An interim Brexit deal struck by Theresa May and the European Commission is not legally binding but the British prime minister has committed her government to honoring a gentlemen s agreement, an EU spokesman said on Monday.  Formally speaking, the joint report is not legally binding,  the European Commission s chief spokesman Margaritis Schinas told reporters when asked about suggestions from some of May s ministers that the terms of Friday s accord could change.  But we see the joint report of Michel Barnier and David Davis as a deal between gentlemen and it is the clear understanding that it is fully backed and endorsed by the UK government,  he added, referring to each side s negotiator. Referring to EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker, he said:  President Juncker had a meeting with Prime Minister May last Friday morning to ascertain that this is precisely the case. They shook hands.  ",1
12588,China's graft watchdog warns officials over 'concealed' extravagance,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese officials trying to hide dishonest spending with tricks such as throwing extravagant parties in private will be targeted in a sustained campaign to root out hedonism, the top anti-graft watchdog said on Monday. Concealing spending by holding lavish dinners in private homes, passing off pampering at a spa as  recuperation  from work and going sightseeing while on business trips are all in the sights of the graft busters. President Xi Jinping has waged a five-year war on graft at all levels of the ruling Communist Party, from high-level  tigers  to lowly  flies  and has pledged to keep up the fight until officials dare not, cannot and do not want to be corrupt. A crackdown on hedonism and extravagance in a drive to improve professionalism is to go on in Xi s second term, an unidentified official from the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection told the official Xinhua news agency.  Efforts to address such misconduct should not be stopped and the work to improve the party s conduct and work styles should never end,  Xinhua cited Xi as saying in a personal stamp of approval. Petty corruption such as trying to hide extravagance in  concealed locations  will be targeted, as will the use of public funds to organize holidays in the name of recuperation, the official said. Officials have been trying to get big spending through by organizing things such as weddings and funerals  bit by bit , staggering gift giving and accepting electronic gift cards or  red packets  of money via online payment platforms, the official said. Although the anti-graft drive had improved the atmosphere in society, there could be  no intermission and no rests , the official said. The CCDI official also warned that officials still suffer from excess  formalism  and  bureaucratism , Communist Party terms for failing to carry out central party orders. When hosting visiting officials, some local-level cadres just take them on the same tourist trail where they speak to the same people as if watching a  fashion show , said the official. Some attempt to cook the books, or  beautify  their data, to claim success and secure a quick promotion without actually getting the job done, while others simply take a laissez-faire attitude to improving work style.  Cadres fond of formalism and bureaucratism who create a negative influence or grave results will be strictly punished, without tolerance,  the official said.     ",1
12589,"Seeking to extend martial law in Philippine south, Duterte says militants regrouping","MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday asked Congress to extend martial law on the southern island of Mindanao for a year, arguing that Islamist militants have been regrouping since a five-month urban conflict ended there in October. He said fighters who survived the battle for Marawi City were determined to establish a Southeast Asian  wilayat    or governorate - for Islamic State and named militant Abu Turaifie as potentially the radical group s next regional  emir . The previous  emir , Isnilon Hapilon, and another rebel commander loyal to Islamic State were killed in October as the military closed in on fighters who had occupied the heart of Marawi since May 23. More than 1,100 people - mostly militants - were killed and 350,000 displaced by the Marawi unrest. In his letter to the Senate and House of Representatives, Duterte said militants were radicalizing and recruiting local people, reorganizing themselves and building their finances.  These activities are geared towards the conduct of intensified atrocities and armed public uprisings,  he said, adding that they were aimed at establishing a global Islamic caliphate and a  wilayat , not only in the Philippines but the whole of Southeast Asia.  A group led by Turaifie - who heads a splinter group of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters and, according to Duterte, is  said to be Hapilon s potential successor  - was planning bombings in the Cotabato province south of Marawi. Intelligence reports indicate that militants are plotting to attack another city, Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said on Monday. Duterte placed restive Mindanao, which has a population of 22 million, under military rule after the attack on Marawi, and martial law was due to be lifted there on Dec. 31.  Lawmakers will vote on his request for a one-year extension at a joint session on Wednesday, Congress majority leader Rodolfo Farinas told reporters. Continuing martial law beyond the initial 60-day limit requires lawmakers  approval, but the constitution does not limit any extensions. Martial law allows for tougher surveillance and arrests without warrant, giving security forces greater rein to go after suspected extremist financiers and facilitators. Duterte has long warned that Mindanao faced contamination by Islamic State, and experts say Muslim parts of the predominantly Catholic southern Philippines are fertile ground for expansion, due to their history of marginalization and neglect. Critics of Duterte, who has held open the possibility of extending military rule to the whole country, have slammed the imposition of martial law in Mindanao as a misuse of power and evidence of the president s authoritarian tendencies. Martial law is a sensitive issue in the Philippines, bringing back memories of the 1970s rule of late dictator Ferdinand Marcos, who was accused of exaggerating security threats to justify harsh measures to suppress dissent. Human rights group Karapatan questioned why martial law should be extended in Mindanao nearly two months after the military s victory in Marawi City.  This is a dangerous precedent that inches the entire country closer to a nationwide declaration of martial rule,  it said in a statement.      ",1
12590,Libyan forces suffer casualties as fighting drags on in Benghazi,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Libyan forces fighting in Benghazi have lost four men and seen 10 wounded so far in December, five months after declaring victory in a campaign to control the eastern city, a medical source said on Monday. Three of the dead from the Libyan National Army (LNA) were killed by snipers and one by a landmine as it faces resistance from a group of fighters in the Benghazi district of Khreibish. There have been daily clashes in the area and occasional air strikes. LNA commander Khalifa Haftar declared victory in a three-year military campaign against an array of Islamist militants and other fighters in Benghazi in early July.     The fighting is part of a broader conflict that developed following the 2011 fall of strongman Muammar Gaddafi. Haftar has opposed a U.N.-backed government based in the capital, Tripoli, as he has gradually strengthened his position on the ground.  ",1
12591,Philippine senator criticizes 'reckless disregard' in dengue vaccine program,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine public officials showed  reckless disregard of processes  in carrying out a program to immunize hundreds of thousands of children, a senator leading an investigation into the government s use of a new dengue vaccine said on Monday. On Dec. 1, the Philippines halted use of Dengvaxia after its maker, French drug firm Sanofi said the vaccine itself might, in some cases, increase the risk of severe dengue in recipients not previously infected by the virus. Dengue is not as serious as malaria, but it kills about 20,000 people each year and infects hundreds of millions as it spreads rapidly in many parts of the world. The Philippines reports an average of 200,000 cases every year, the DOH said.  Senator Richard Gordon, chairman of the investigation panel, said the program s approval and procurement were done with  undue haste , given how quickly the department of health (DOH)got funding for the 3.5-billion-peso ($69.55-million) campaign. Gordon said  rushed  approval was given to a  vaccine that has not been proven to be totally effective . But Sanofi insisted otherwise.  We at Sanofi assure each and everyone of you that Dengvaxia is, and continues to be, a safe and efficacious vaccine,  said Thomas Triomphe, Asia-Pacific head of Sanofi Pasteur.  To permanently remove the vaccine from the Philippine market...would be a regression in the country s approach to solving a major public health concern and a disservice to the Filipino people.  The roll out of the mass vaccination program was  premature,  some doctors and pharmacologists on a DOH advisory body told the senate inquiry.  They were the same group of experts who in January 2016 urged caution over the vaccine, saying its safety and cost-effectiveness had not been established.  After two meetings in January, the Formulary Executive Council (FEC) of advisers approved the government s purchase of the vaccine on Feb 1, 2016 but recommended stringent conditions, minutes of all three meetings show. However, these recommendations were not heeded by then health secretary Janette Garin before the program was rolled out to 830,000 children, documents reviewed by Reuters, as well as interviews with local exports, show. The same recommendations and minutes of the meetings were discussed during the five-hour senate hearing.   Garin said the procurement of the vaccine was above board.    I categorically deny any wrongdoing,  she told the inquiry.  I am not involved in any corruption and I am willing to be investigated. Many parents are anxious and worried over the safety of the vaccine. Iris Alpay, one of the parents who attended the hearing, admonished health officials for using their children as  experimental rats . ",1
12592,"U.S. is a partner in bloodshed with Jerusalem move, Erdogan says","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday the United States  decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital had made Washington complicit in violence. His comments on the U.S. move have strained fragile relations between Turkey and Israel, which only restored ties last year following a six-year diplomatic rift. Erdogan, a frequent critic of Israel, has said the decision by U.S. President Donald Trump will spark violence in the region.  The ones who made Jerusalem a dungeon for Muslims and members of other religions will never be able to clean the blood from their hands,  Erdogan said in a speech in Ankara.  With their decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, the United States has become a partner in this bloodshed,  he said, adding he did not consider Trump s decision binding. Trump s decision last week overturned longstanding U.S. policy on Jerusalem, a city holy to Jews, Muslims and Christians. The status of Jerusalem has been one of the biggest obstacles to a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians for generations.  Over the weekend Erdogan referred to Israel as a  terror state  and an  invader state , prompting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to fire back.  I m not used to receiving lectures about morality from a leader who bombs Kurdish villages in his native Turkey, who jails journalists, helps Iran go around international sanctions and who helps terrorists, including in Gaza, kill innocent people,  Netanyahu said at a news conference. The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group has fought a decades-old insurgency with the Turkish state in which more than 40,000 people have been killed. The conflict flared up after the collapse of a ceasefire in 2015. Last year Israel and Turkey restored ties following a six-year rupture that occurred after Israeli marines stormed an aid ship in 2010 to enforce a naval blockade of the Hamas-run Gaza Strip, killing 10 Turkish activists on board. The normalization of ties between both countries has been driven in part by the prospect of lucrative Mediterranean gas deals as well as by mutual concerns about regional security. ",1
12593,Former Macedonian rightist PM resigns party leadership,"SKOPJE (Reuters) - Former Macedonian prime minister Nikola Gruevski, head of the opposition rightist VMRO-DPMNE party, resigned on Monday following an election defeat last year and unrest that rocked the small Balkan country in April. Gruevski, 47, led the ex-Yugoslav republic for almost a decade, and his party bloc since 2003, until January 2016 when a wiretapping scandal brought down the ruling VMRO-DPMNE bloc. A snap election in December 2016 ended inconclusively and a long parliamentary stalemate ensued, ending in May when Social Democrat Zoran Zaev formed a coalition with ethnic Albanian parties that represent a third of the 2 million population. VMRO-DPMNE said its Central Committee had scheduled a leadership congress for Dec. 22-23 after Gruevski s  irrevocable resignation.  Gruevski said that ... his resignation was a moral act, as it is natural that the person in whom everyone had confidence should take the responsibility for the (electoral) defeat,  a party statement said. In April, protesters including VMRO-DPMNE supporters  stormed parliament and assaulted Zaev as Social Democrats and its ethnic Albanian allies elected an ethnic Albanian as parliament speaker. Dozens were injured in riots. The VMRO-DPMNE suffered a further setback last month when police arrested Mitko Cavkov, a former interior minister, and a number of its lawmakers and activists on charges related to the disturbances in April. The April unrest marked the worst crisis in Macedonia since 2001 when Western diplomats narrowly averted a full-scale civil war arising from an ethnic Albanian insurgency, promising Skopje a pathway to membership of the European Union and NATO. Macedonia, which won independence in 1991 from then-federal Yugoslavia in 1991, has made little progress towards EU and NATO membership due to a name dispute with Greece. ",1
12594,Indonesian parliament speaker quits amid graft investigation,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - The speaker of Indonesia s parliament, who is being investigated for his suspected involvement in a $170 million graft scandal, has tendered his resignation, two members of the assembly said on Monday. Setya Novanto was arrested last month over his suspected role in the scandal linked to a national electronic identity card scheme. Anti-corruption investigators then took him into custody from where he sent a letter to assembly leaders pleading to be allowed to keep his job while he fought the charges.  Mr Novanto has resigned,  member of parliament Yandri Susanto told Reuters, referring to a letter in which Novanto announced his decision.  He didn t say why.  A replacement for him as speaker was expected to be decided by his party, Golkar, at an extraordinary meeting on Dec. 19, said Dito Ganinduto, a member of parliament from Novanto s Golkar party. Novanto had not resigned as chairman of Golkar, Ganinduto said. A lawyer for Novanto, Maqdir Ismail, deferred questions on the matter to acting Golkar chairman Idrus Marham. Marham could not be reached for comment. Novanto had clung to power through several previous corruption cases. His latest battle with the graft agency has gripped Indonesia, where newspapers have splashed the story on front pages and social media posts mocking him have been widely shared.  Before his detention last month he had for months declined to answer summonses for questioning by the Corruption Eradication Commission, known by its Indonesian initials KPK. The allegations against Novanto have reinforced the perception among Indonesians that their parliament, long regarded as riddled with entrenched corruption, is a failing institution. Indonesia was ranked last year at 90 out of 176 countries on Transparency International s corruption perception index. The watchdog has singled out parliament as Indonesia s most corrupt institution, and in July called on President Joko Widodo to protect the KPK against attempts by the legislature to weaken the commission s powers. Critics inside and outside the parliament say the root problem is money politics. ",1
12595,"U.N. seeks 1,300 places for refugees from Libya","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations appealed on Monday to countries worldwide to take in 1,300 mainly African refugees stranded in Libya, many of them mistreated while kept in appalling conditions in detention. Niger has agreed to temporarily host the most vulnerable being evacuated, including unaccompanied children and single mothers, pending their processing and departure for resettlement, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said in a statement.  In order to address the immediate protection needs and extreme vulnerabilities of the persons of concern who will be evacuated to Niger, UNHCR urgently requests 1,300 places for resettlement for this situation,  the agency said. The UNHCR intends to evacuate between 700 and 1,300 people from Libya to Niger by the end of January 2018, it said, calling for the resettlement places to be made available by the end of March. A first group of 25 refugees from Eritrea, Ethiopia and Sudan were evacuated from Libya to Niger last month, it added.  This is a desperate call for solidarity and humanity. We need to get extremely vulnerable refugees out of Libya as soon as possible,  said Volker Turk, UNHCR Assistant High Commissioner for Protection. Images broadcast by CNN earlier this month appeared to show migrants being auctioned off as slaves by Libyan traffickers, sparking outrage in Europe and anger in Africa.  Numbers of detainees swelled after boat departures for Italy from the smuggling hub of Sabratha were largely blocked this year. On Friday, the International Organization for Migration (IOM), called on social media giants to make it harder for people smugglers to use their platforms to lure West African migrants to Libya where they can face detention, torture, slavery or death. Facebook and WhatsApp did not reply to requests by Reuters for comment. ",1
12596,Swiss urge voters to keep fee for public broadcasters,"ZURICH (Reuters) - The Swiss government urged voters on Monday to keep the annual license fee that finances public broadcasters, saying taxpayer money played a crucial role in supporting cultural diversity and political discourse in the media. Its call seeks to defuse support for the  No Billag  initiative that comes to a binding vote on March 4 and which opinion polls show has around 57 percent support. Proponents want to scrap the  Billag  fee that last year raised 1.37 billion Swiss francs ($1.38 billion) as the financial lifeblood for public broadcasters at the federal, regional and local levels. National broadcaster SRG, which operates in the four national languages, gets 75 percent of its budget from the fee.  A varied media offering is important for a small, polyglot country like Switzerland with its direct democracy,  President Doris Leuthard said in a statement. Switzerland says it would be the first country in Europe to abolish fees for public broadcasting should the measure be adopted. This would push advertising revenue to mostly foreign-controlled commercial media. The government is cutting the fee   levied on homes with a radio or TV set   to 365 francs per private household from 2019 from around 450 now. Businesses will pay up to 35,590 francs a year based on a sliding scale of annual sales.  ($1 = 0.9915 Swiss francs) ",1
12597,"Ivory Coast offering $26,000 buy-outs to reduce army size: documents","ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Ivory Coast will pay thousands of soldiers 15 million CFA francs  ($25,782) each as part of buy-outs aimed at reducing the size of its unruly and mutiny-prone military, documents showed on Monday. Africa s fastest growing economy in 2016, Ivory Coast was hit earlier this year by successive uprisings by low-ranking troops. The costly bonuses paid to end the unrest helped balloon the budget deficit this year, and the episode tarnished its image as one of the continent s rising economic stars. The government said last week that it would retire around 1,000 soldiers by the end of the year as part of efforts to bring the force - estimated at about 25,000 troops - in line with  accepted standards . A spokesman did not say last week how much the soldiers would receive under the voluntary scheme. However, a document obtained by Reuters outlining the plan stated that each retired soldier would receive a payment of 15 million CFA francs. Neither the spokesman nor Ivory Coast s defense minister were available to comment on Monday. Diplomats said the move signaled that the government was beginning to implement a military reform law. According to a copy of the law seen by Reuters, 4,400 troops are to leave the army over four years.  It was not immediately clear if that figure includes soldiers already scheduled to retire during the period. Ivory Coast s army was thrown together from rival loyalist and rebel factions at the end of a 2011 civil war that brought President Alassane Ouattara to power after his predecessor Laurent Gbagbo rejected his defeat in a 2010 run-off election. It remains plagued by internal divisions. Diplomats and analysts say the force is bloated with unqualified personnel and vulnerable to political manipulation. An adviser to Parliament Speaker Guillaume Soro, considered a leading candidate to replace term-limited President Ouattara in 2020, was arrested in October after a secret arms cache at his home helped mutinying soldiers halt a loyalist advance. Soro and his supporters say the charges were politically motivated. ($1 = 581.8000 CFA francs) ",1
12598,Party without parliamentary seats leads in Slovenia opinion poll,"LJUBLJANA (Reuters) - A centre-left party that has no seats in Slovenia s parliament and is led by a former comedian topped an opinion poll published by daily newspaper Delo on Monday, about six months ahead of an expected general election. The Lista Marjana Sarca (LMS) under Marjan Sarec, mayor of the city of Kamnik, drew the support of 15.7 percent with a junior governing coalition party, the Social Democrats, in second place with 12.6 percent and the leading opposition party, the centre-left Slovenian Democratic Party, with 12.2 percent. The Party of Modern Centre led by Prime Minister Miro Cerar came in sixth with 5.5 percent. Last month, the Social Democrats led the same poll with 19.8 percent while the LMS was not yet included in the survey. Sarec surprised many last month when he was narrowly beaten in a presidential run-off election, gathering about 47 percent to incumbent Borut Pahor s 53 percent. Analysts said Sarec s party, which has so far been active only at local level, could win a parliamentary vote amid general dissatisfaction with the centre-left government, above all its inability to improve the inefficient national health system. The government of the southeast European country is also under heavy pressure from various public sector unions demanding wage hikes at a time of strong economic growth, expected to be 4.4 percent this year, up from 3.1 percent in 2016. Pahor will call a general election in the coming months and it is expected to be held in the first half of June. ",1
12599,S.African prosecutors extend deadline for Zuma to file arguments over revived graft charges,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) said on Monday it had extended the deadline for President Jacob Zuma to submit arguments on why he should not be prosecuted for corruption.  They must submit their representation on the 31st of January,  said NPA spokesman Luvuyo Mfaku. The 783 charges against Zuma relate to a 30 billion rand ($2.20 billion) government arms deal arranged in the late 1990s. They were filed but then dropped by the NPA shortly before he ran for the presidency.  ($1 = 13.6572 rand) ",1
12600,Thousands of Saakashvili supporters stage protest against Ukraine president,"KIEV (Reuters) - Several thousand people marched through central Kiev on Sunday to protest against the detention of Ukrainian opposition figure Mikheil Saakashvili and call for the impeachment of President Petro Poroshenko. Saakashvili, president of his native Georgia for nine years until 2013, moved to Ukraine after a popular uprising there and served under Poroshenko as a regional governor from 2015-2016, before falling out with the Ukrainian leader. He was detained in Kiev on Friday, following a dramatic standoff earlier in the week where he clambered on a roof to avoid law enforcement and was freed from a police van by his supporters. He accuses the Ukrainian authorities of widespread corruption. Prosecutors accuse him of assisting a criminal organization, charges he says were trumped up to undermine his political campaign against Poroshenko. A large number of police in riot gear guarded Sunday s rally, which was peaceful in contrast with protests last week that resulted in clashes between Saakashvili s supporters and law enforcement.  A lot of people are looking for the changes. It is more difficult when Mikheil is not with us,  his wife, Sandra Roelofs, said in a speech at the rally.   We remember his words:  When they catch me, you continue despite anything, because Ukraine wants changes, Ukraine has to become a better country ,  she said. Protesters shouted  Shame  and  Impeachment  as they marched to Maidan square, the scene of the 2013-14 pro-European protests that ousted a Moscow-backed president and installed a new leadership that promised to eliminate entrenched corruption. A few snowballs were thrown at the windows of a branch of Roshen, the confectionary business owned by Poroshenko, who was a wealthy chocolatier before he went into politics. Saakashvili has launched a hunger strike to protest against his detention, which will last until a court rules on whether to release him under house arrest. The saga has attracted international attention to Ukraine at a time when the authorities face a chorus of criticism from reformers and foreign donors over perceived backtracking on reforms and attacks on anti-corruption institutions. While Saakashvili has a core base of supporters, he enjoys limited support across Ukraine. Only 1.7 percent of voters would support his party, the Movement of New Forces, in elections, according to an October survey by the Kiev-based Razumkov Centre think-tank. ",1
12601,Situation on Korean Peninsula risks moving into 'hot phase': Ifax cites Russian foreign minister,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The situation on the Korean Peninsula risks to move into a  hot phase , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned on Monday, the Interfax news agency reported. Lavrov was speaking after a trilateral meeting between the foreign ministers of Russia, India and China. He said all three countries did not want tensions on the Korean Peninsula to escalate any further, Interfax reported. ",1
12602,"Britain committed to no hard Irish border, whatever outcome of Brexit talks - Davis","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain intends to prevent a hard border in Ireland after leaving the European Union whatever the outcome of talks with the bloc, UK s Brexit minister said on Monday, saying comments that this was not legally enforceable were taken out of context. Davis on Sunday said that a pledge on the Irish border agreed as part of a divorce settlement was  a statement of intent  rather than a legally binding move, but said the media had twisted his words.  Of course it s legally enforceable, under the withdrawal agreement, but even if that didn t for some reason, if something went wrong, we would still be seeking to provide a frictionless, invisible border,  Davis told LBC radio. ",1
12603,"China, Taiwan spar over Chinese diplomat's invasion threat","BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - A threat by a senior Chinese diplomat to invade Taiwan the instant any U.S. warship visits the self-ruled island has sparked a war of words, with Taipei accusing Beijing of failing to understand what democracy means. China considers Taiwan to be a wayward province and has never renounced the use of force to bring it under its control. The United States has no formal ties with Taiwan but is bound by law to help it defend itself and is its main source of arms. Beijing regularly calls Taiwan the most sensitive and important issue between it and the United States. In September, the U.S. Congress passed the National Defense Authorization Act for the 2018 fiscal year, which authorises mutual visits by navy vessels between Taiwan and the United States. At a Chinese embassy event in Washington on Friday, diplomat Li Kexin said he had told U.S. officials that China would activate its Anti-Secession Law, which allows it to use force on Taiwan if deemed necessary to prevent the island from seceding, if the United States sent navy ships to Taiwan.   The day that a U.S. Navy vessel arrives in Kaohsiung is the day that our People s Liberation Army unifies Taiwan with military force,  Chinese media at the weekend quoted Li as saying, referring to Taiwan s main port.  Taiwan s Foreign Ministry said late on Saturday that, while Chinese officials seemed to want to try and win over hearts and minds in Taiwan, they also had been repeatedly using threats that hurt the feelings of Taiwan s people.  These methods show a lack of knowledge about the real meaning of the democratic system and how a democratic society works,  the ministry said. China suspects Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, who leads the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, wants to declare the island s formal independence. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s security. Relations between China and Taiwan were becoming even more complex and severe, Zhang Zhijun, head of China s policy-making Taiwan Affairs Office, told a visiting delegation of the New Party, a small pro-China Taiwan opposition party on Monday. Taiwan independence forces are trying to root out Chinese culture in Taiwan and are the gravest threat to peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait, the official Xinhua news agency cited Zhang as saying.     China will never back down over Taiwan, influential Chinese tabloid the Global Times, published by the ruling Communist Party s official People s Daily, said earlier on Monday.   Li s words have sent a warning to Taiwan and drew a clear red line,  it said in an editorial.  If Taiwan attempts to hold an independence referendum or other activities in pursuit of de jure  Taiwan independence , the PLA will undoubtedly take action.  China would continue to maintain the principle of peaceful unification, foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Monday.   At the same time, we will resolutely safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity,  he told reporters. ",1
12604,"Japan, U.S., South Korea to hold missile tracking drill amid North Korea crisis","TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States, Japan and South Korea will hold two days of  missile tracking drills starting on Monday, Japan s Maritime Self-Defence Force said, as tensions rise in the region over North Korea s fast-developing weapons programmes. The United States and South Korea conducted large-scale military drills last week, which the North said made the outbreak of war  an established fact . North Korea has fired missiles over Japan as it pursues nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles in defiance of U.N. sanctions and international condemnation. On Nov. 29, it test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile which it said was its most advanced yet, capable of reaching the mainland United States. This week s exercises will be the sixth drills sharing information in tracking ballistic missiles among the three nations, the defence force said. It did not say whether the controversial THAAD system would be involved. The installation of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system in South Korea has angered China, which fears its powerful radar could look deep into China and threaten its own security. North Korea s missile test last month prompted a U.S. warning that North Korea s leadership would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out. The Pentagon has mounted repeated shows of force after North Korean tests. The United States has also pressured China and other nations to cut trade and diplomatic ties with North Korea, as part of international efforts to dry up Pyongyang s illegal cash flows that could fund its weapons programmes. On Sunday, South Korea said it would impose new unilateral sanctions on 20 institutions and a dozen individuals in North Korea, barring any financial transactions between those sanctioned and any South Koreans.   This unilateral sanction will prevent illegal funds flowing to North Korea and contribute to reinforce international communities  sanctions against North Korea,  South Korea s finance ministry said in a statement. The move is largely symbolic as trade and financial exchanges between the two Koreas have been barred since May 2010 following the torpedoing of a South Korean warship, which the North denied. Japanese Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera said the ministry plans to include 730 million yen ($6.4 million) to help build a new missile interceptor system, the Aegis Ashore, in its next fiscal year budget request, public broadcaster NHK reported. North Korea regularly threatens to destroy South Korea, Japan and the United States and says its weapons programmes are necessary to counter U.S. aggression. The United States stations 28,500 troops in the South, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War. ($1 = 113.4800 yen) ",1
12605,Philippines' Duterte to seek one-year extension of Mindanao martial law,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte will ask Congress to extend martial law in the volatile southern island of Mindanao to quell an insurgency, cabinet officials said on Sunday. Duterte placed the restive region of 22 million people under military rule on May 23 after Islamist militants took over parts of the southern Marawi City in what was the Philippines  biggest security crisis in years. Martial law is due to expire on Dec. 31. The Philippine leader will formally request on Monday a one-year extension of martial law, Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea told reporters. The 23-member Senate and the 296-member House of Representatives will vote once they convene in joint session. Lawmakers are due to go on recess on from Dec. 16 to Jan. 14, 2018. Military rule should be extended in Mindanao given threats from Maoist guerrillas, Islamist militants and separatist groups, Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said. Militants linked to Islamic State, which tried to gain a foothold in Southeast Asia by capturing parts of Marawi City, are strengthening their recruitment programs, Andanar said.  There were intelligence reports saying they are planning to attack another city,  Andanar told a radio interview. The request comes nearly two months after Duterte declared the liberation of Marawi City. More than 1,100 people - mostly militants - were killed and 350,000 displaced by the Marawi unrest. Continuing martial law beyond the initial 60-day limit requires lawmakers  approval, but the constitution does not restrict how long it can be extended. ",1
12606,German intelligence unmasks alleged covert Chinese social media profiles,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s intelligence service has published the details of social network profiles which it says are fronts faked by Chinese intelligence to gather personal information about German officials and politicians. The BfV domestic intelligence service took the unusual step of naming individual profiles it says are fake and fake organizations to warn public officials about the risk of leaking valuable personal information via social media.  Chinese intelligence services are active on networks like LinkedIn and have been trying for a while to extract information and find intelligence sources in this way,  including seeking data on users  habits, hobbies and political interests, they said. Nine months of research had found that more than 10,000 German citizens had been contacted on the LinkedIn professional networking site by fake profiles disguised as headhunters, consultants, think-tankers or scholars, the BfV said.  There could be a large number of target individuals and fake profiles that have not yet been identified,  they added. Speaking in Beijing on Monday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said the accusations were baseless.  We hope the relevant German organizations, particularly government departments, can speak and act more responsibly, and not do things that are not beneficial to the development of bilateral relations,  Lu said. Among the faked profiles whose details were published were that of  Rachel Li , identified as a  headhunter  at  RiseHR , and an  Alex Li , a  Project Manager at Center for Sino-Europe Development Studies . Many of the profile pictures show stylish and visually appealing young men and women. The picture of  Laeticia Chen , a manager at the  China Center of International Politics and Economy  was nicked from an online fashion catalogue, an official said. A Reuters review of the profiles showed that some were connected to senior diplomats and politicians from several European countries. There was no way to establish whether contacts had taken place beyond the initial social media  add . The warning reflects growing concern in European and western intelligence circles at Chinese covert activities in their countries and follows warnings from the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency over attempts by the economic giant s security services to recruit U.S. citizens as agents. The BfV invited concerned users to contact them if they encountered social media profiles that seemed suspect. ",1
12607,"Hardline Indonesian Muslim groups burn U.S., Israeli flags over Trump's Jerusalem move","JAKARTA (Reuters) - Hardline Muslim groups in Indonesia burned photos of U.S. President Donald Trump, as well as U.S. and Israeli flags, on Monday during a protest outside the U.S. embassy against Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Indonesia, home to the world s largest Muslim population, has joined a global chorus of condemnation of Trump s controversial move on Israel, which they say threatens security and stability in the Middle East and the world. The status of Jerusalem, a city holy to Jews, Muslims and Christians, is one of the thorniest barriers to a lasting Israeli-Palestinian peace. Jerusalem s eastern sector was captured by Israel in a 1967 war and annexed in a move not recognized internationally. Palestinians claim East Jerusalem for the capital of an independent state that they seek, while Israel maintains that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Hundreds attended the protest outside the U.S. embassy in Jakarta, which was barricaded by barbed wire and dozens of police officers.  Let us witness the destruction of Israel s hegemony,  one protest leader shouted into a megaphone as protesters burned an Israeli flag.  We will support Palestine with our blood.  Many protesters waved Palestinian flags and carried banners supporting  intifada , or an uprising against Israel, and rally leaders also shouted anti-Semitic slogans. The protest was led by the Islamic Defenders Front, an aggressive vigilante group that calls for sharia, or Islamic religious law, to be imposed in Indonesia, a secular country. The demonstration followed a much larger protest at the weekend, where thousands called for diplomatic relations with the United States to be severed and for the U.S. ambassador to be expelled. Indonesia supports a two-state solution in the Israel-Palestine conflict. ",1
12608,"Anti-Semitism has no place in Germany, minister says after Israeli flags burned","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said there was no place for anti-Semitism in Germany after demonstrators angered by U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel burned Israeli flags in Berlin. On Sunday, about 2,500 people demonstrated in Berlin against Trump s decision and one Israeli flag was burned, police said, adding that investigations into 11 people had been launched, with one of those related to the flag burning. On Friday, hundreds of people gathered outside the U.S. embassy in the German capital for  Day of Rage  protests. Police said later on Twitter that they had detained 10 people during the protest and that 12 criminal charges had been brought - including for burning Israeli flags. Maas told Bild newspaper s Monday edition:  Any kind of anti-Semitism is an attack on everyone. Anti-Semitism must never be allowed to have a place (in society) again.  Anti-Semitism remains a very sensitive issue in Germany more than 70 years after the end of the Nazi-era Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews were killed. Germany regards itself as one of Israel s closest allies. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told Bild that while criticism of Trump s decision was understandable, people had no right or reason to burn the Israeli flag, stir up hatred against Jews or question Israel s right to exist. He said whoever did that was  taking a stand not only against Israel but also against the German constitution  and Germany would not tolerate that. Gabriel said Germany only permitted peaceful demonstrations and would not allow conflicts in which people were prepared to use violence to be brought to Germany from other countries. ",1
12609,Bahraini civil society group under pressure after Israel visit,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A Bahraini civil society group has defended sending a delegation to Israel as a gesture of tolerance and coexistence, state news agency BNA has reported, after news of the visit sparked wide anger on social media. The visit came amid high emotions in the Arab world over U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and move the U.S. Embassy there from Tel Aviv, a move that was widely condemned across the Arab world. The visit by 24 delegates from the group called  This is Bahrain  has prompted a hashtag #Bahrain_resists_normalisation, in which twitter users declaring their opposition to what some called an  act of treason  against Palestinians and Bahrainis. In a statement carried by state news agency BNA late on Sunday, the group said the visit was a private initiative to  Israel and occupied Jerusalem  comprising Bahrainis and expatriates of various faiths.  The initiative by  This is Bahrain  is based on the principle of tolerance and coexistence, an approach embraced by the Kingdom of Bahrain and a feature of its society, and aims to visit Islamic, Christian, Jewish and other holy sites across the world,  the group said. Most Arab countries see Israel as an occupier of Arab lands, and say any normalization of ties with the Jewish state must be in line with an Arab peace plan that calls for the establishment of a Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as its capital.     ",1
12610,China starts formal legal proceedings against disgraced senior politician,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s prosecutor began on Monday formal legal proceedings against disgraced senior politician Sun Zhengcai, once considered a contender for top leadership, who has been accused of corruption and other crimes. Sun was abruptly removed from his post as party chief of the southwestern metropolis of Chongqing - one of China s most important cities - in July and replaced by Chen Miner, who is close to President Xi Jinping.  Later that month, he was put under investigation and in September, the party announced he would be prosecuted for corruption. Sun was accused of leaking secrets, bribery and abusing his power. In a brief statement, the prosecutor said that it had begun proceedings against Sun for suspected bribery and had approved the taking of  coercive measures  against him, a Chinese legal term that generally refers to detention. The case is proceeding, it added, without giving any other details. Sun was expelled from parliament last month, removing his immunity from prosecution that he had enjoyed as a member of that body. Chongqing is perhaps best known outside China for its association with Bo Xilai, another disgraced former party boss of the city. He, too, was once a contender for top leadership. He was jailed for life in 2013 after a dramatic corruption scandal. It has not been possible to reach Sun or a representative for comment since he was put under investigation. It s unclear if he has been allowed to retain a lawyer. The next likely step against Sun will be to put him on trial, where he is certain to be found guilty as the legal system is controlled by the ruling Communist Party which will not challenge the party s accusations against him. ",1
12611,Venezuela's Maduro says government wins 90 percent of mayorships,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s ruling Socialist Party won at least 90 percent of the 335 mayorships contested in Sunday s local elections, President Nicolas Maduro said on Sunday.  According to the national election board s latest official count, the socialists won 41 of 42 mayorships counted by late evening. But Maduro said results overnight would show his government had won more than 300 of the polls.  ",1
12612,Venezuela socialists win Zulia state governorship,"CARACAS (Reuters) - The candidate for Venezuela s ruling Socialist Party, Omar Prieto, won the governorship of western Zulia state with 57 percent of the ballots in a rerun of an October vote, election authorities said on Sunday. Turnout for nationwide mayoral elections, also being held on Sunday, was 47 percent, the national election board said. Three major opposition parties were boycotting the polls, alleging the election authorities were biased towards the socialists.      ",1
12613,Nobel peace laureate group urges nuclear powers to adopt ban-the-bomb treaty,"OSLO (Reuters) - The leader of the group that won this year s Nobel Peace Prize on Sunday urged nuclear nations to adopt a United Nations treaty banning atomic weapons in order to prevent  the end of us . The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) was awarded this year s Nobel Peace Prize by a Nobel committee that cited the spread of nuclear weapons and the growing risk of an atomic war.   ICAN is a coalition of 468 grassroots non-governmental groups that campaigned for a U.N. Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, adopted by 122 nations in July. The treaty is not signed by - and would not apply to - any of the states that already have nuclear arms. Beatrice Fihn, ICAN s Executive Director, urged them to sign the agreement.   It provides a choice. A choice between the two endings: the end of nuclear weapons or the end of us,  she said in her speech at the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony in Oslo.  The United States, choose freedom over fear. Russia, choose disarmament over destruction. Britain, choose the rule of law over oppression,  she added, before urging France, China, India, Pakistan, North Korea and Israel to do the same. Israel is widely assumed to have nuclear weapons, although it neither confirms nor denies it.  A moment of panic or carelessness, a misconstrued comment or bruised ego, could easily lead us unavoidably to the destruction of entire cities,  she added.   A calculated military escalation could lead to the indiscriminate mass murder of civilians.   Fihn delivered the Nobel lecture together with Setsuko Thurlow, an 85-year-old survivor of the Hiroshima atomic bombing and now an ICAN campaigner. Thurlow recalled on stage on Sunday some of her memories of the attack on Aug. 6, 1945.  She was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building about 1.8 kilometers (1.1 mile) from Ground Zero, she said. Most of her classmates, who were in the same room, were burned alive.   Processions of ghostly figures shuffled by. Grotesquely wounded people, they were bleeding, burnt, blackened and swollen,  she said.   Parts of their bodies were missing. Flesh and skin hung from their bones. Some with their eyeballs hanging in their hands. Some with their bellies burst open, their intestines hanging out. The foul stench of burnt human flesh filled the air.   The United States, Britain and France sent second-rank diplomats to the Nobel ceremony, which Fihn earlier told Reuters was  some kind of protest . Japan, which is the only country to suffer atomic bombings and now relies on the U.S. nuclear umbrella, has also not signed the treaty. In a statement late on Sunday, Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono expressed respect for the efforts of atomic bombings survivors toward a nuclear-weapons free world. But he added:  It is essential to steadily seek ways to advance nuclear disarmament realistically, while responding appropriately to real threats, including North Korea s nuclear and missile development programs.  Graphic of Nobel laureates - tmsnrt.rs/2y6ATVW ",1
12614,China's top paper says Australian media reports are racist,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Australian media reports on Chinese interference in Australia are racist and paranoid, China s top newspaper said on Monday, stepping up a war of words over concerns in Australia about Chinese influence in the country. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said last week he took reports very seriously that China s Communist Party had sought to interfere in his country. Turnbull said that foreign powers were making  unprecedented and increasingly sophisticated attempts to influence the political process  in Australia and the world. He cited  disturbing reports about Chinese influence . The Chinese government has already protested the remarks, and on Monday the ruling Communist Party s official People s Daily stepped up the attacks. The reports in Australian media have been full of imagination, making baseless attacks on the Chinese government and have maliciously slandered Chinese students and people living in Australia, the paper said in a commentary.  This type of hysterical paranoia had racist undertones, and is a stain on Australia s image as a multicultural society,  the People s Daily said. The commentary was published under the pen name  Zhong Sheng,  meaning  Voice of China,  which is often used to give the paper s view on foreign policy issues. China s soft power has come under renewed focus last week after a politician from Australia s opposition Labor party was demoted from government having been found to have warned a prominent Chinese business leader and Communist Party member that his phone was being tapped by intelligence authorities. In June, Fairfax Media and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported on a concerted campaign by China to  infiltrate  Australian politics to promote Chinese interests. Turnbull has vowed to ban foreign political donations to curb external influence in domestic politics. The People s Daily said that China had no intention of interfering in Australian politics or using financial contributions to curry influence. China is Australia s largest trading partner. The two countries have no historical enmity or conflicts over each others  basic interests and can absolutely forge good relations, it added. China  urges the Australian government and media to cast aside political prejudice and bigotry and stick to the principle of using the facts in handling issues of relations with China , the paper wrote. ",1
12615,Syrian army and Iranian-backed militias push towards Idlib province,"AMMAN (Reuters) - The Syrian army and Iranian-backed militias backed by Russian air power stepped up a military campaign against rebels in eastern Hama province in a push towards the rebel stronghold of Idlib province in northwestern Syria, rebels and witnesses said.  They said dozens of aerial strikes believed to be conducted mainly by Russian jets in the last 48 hours hit opposition held villages and towns in the northeastern Hama countryside and the southern part of Idlib province.  The Islamist Hayat Tahrir al Sham and some Free Syrian Army (FSA) rebel faction in control of these areas said they were sending reinforcements to seize back a string of villages in the northeastern Hama countryside, near the town of Rihjan, that the army had earlier announced were captured in heavy fighting. The army said the villages of Um Turayka, Bilil, and Rujum al Ahmar were seized, forcing the rebels to flee to areas close to the administrative boundaries of Idlib province.  The Syrian army had lost the strategically located Idlib province to insurgents when the provincial capital fell to rebels in 2015. It has since become the only province that is fully under opposition control. The Syrian army s first goal was to retake strategic Abu al Dhour military airport, one of the largest airports in the north of the country that fell to rebels in 2015. It was heavily bombed on Sunday, a rebel source said.  The regime movements seek to besiege Idlib province with the help of Shi ite militias fighting with them,  said Colonel Mustafa Bakour, a commander in the Jaish al Izza rebel faction.    Tahrir al Sham, which is spearheaded by the former al Qaeda branch in Syria, is the main rebel force in the province, raising fears among civilians and rebels alike that Moscow and the Syrian army and its allies would soon turn it into a major battlefield. The strategically located province that borders Turkey is part of the Russian-led de-escalation zones that seek to shore up ceasefires in western Syria. Idlib has been a haven for tens of thousands of rebels and civilians who were forced to abandon their homes in other parts of western Syria that the government and its foreign military allies have recaptured from rebels. It has already been the target of intensive strikes by the Russia and Syrian air forces in the past year that have killed thousands of civilians and destroyed hospitals and civil defense centers. Tahrir al Sham also repelled simultaneously an offensive by Islamic State militants who have been for the last few weeks pushing into the opposition-controlled territory to extend a small enclave they have in that area, among the few they retain across Syria.  The ultra hardline militants also seized a string of villages that brought them within kilometers of Idlib province.  The Russian and Syrian army advance towards Idlib is also piling pressure on Turkey which had since October begun a major military deployment in the province it considers within its sphere of influence.  Ankara s intervention seeks to rein in Russian strikes and prevent Idlib from facing a similar fate to Mosul or Aleppo, according to a senior rebel commander briefed on Turkish policy.      ",1
12616,Swedish PM condemns attempted arson attack at synagogue as three arrested,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Three people were arrested early on Sunday after an attempted arson attack at a synagogue in the Swedish city of Gothenburg, prosecutors said. There were no reports of injuries and the fire did not reach the synagogue or an adjacent meeting house where Jewish youths had gathered when the attack took place late on Saturday,  Swedish media reported. Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said in a statement he was outraged by the attack.  There is no place for anti-Semitism in Swedish society,  he said in the statement, which also referred to a demonstration in the city of Malmo on Friday, at which Lofven said participants had incited violence against Jews. Swedish newspapers reported that around 200 people had attended Friday s demonstration at which some participants chanted anti-Jewish slogans, two days after the United States recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital. The World Jewish Congress, which represents Jewish communities in 100 countries, also condemned the attack on the Swedish synagogue.     The Swedish Security Service said it was helping the police in the investigation and was also trying to prevent new attacks. ",1
12617,Iraq holds victory parade after defeating Islamic State,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An Iraqi military parade in Baghdad s heavily fortified Green Zone celebrated final victory over Islamic State on Sunday, with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi looking on as troops marched in formation, their bodies spelling  victory day  in Arabic. Abadi, who is also commander-in-chief of the armed forces, listened solemnly to Quranic verses from a chapter titled al-Nasr, meaning victory.  Iraqi forces recaptured the last areas still under Islamic State control along the border with Syria on Saturday and secured the western desert, marking the end of the war against the militants three years after they had captured about a third of Iraq s territory.  The forces fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria now expect a new phase of guerrilla warfare. Watching the parade on Sunday, state television showed Abadi sat on a throne-like chair placed between two Iraqi flags with the country s official seal behind him, and with all other officials sat at a distance from him. Abadi declared Dec. 10 would be an annual national holiday. Fighter jets were seen and heard flying over Baghdad s skies. An announcer introduced various factions who took on Islamic State as troops marched, tanks rolled by and helicopters hovered, all brandishing Iraqi flags as Abadi stood up and waved.  Those who fought were drawn from the army, air force, federal and local police, elite counter-terrorism forces, as well as Shi ite and Sunni paramilitaries and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters. They received key air support from a U.S.-led global coalition. In his victory speech, delivered on Saturday, Abadi did not mention the Peshmerga, who played a big part in the fight against Islamic State. The central government in Baghdad is in conflict with the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government after the latter unilaterally held an independence referendum in September. Instead Abadi hailed the Iranian-trained and backed Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF), a group of Shi ite militias, many of whom are loyal to Iran. He also said  that the state should have a legitimate monopoly on arms, however. Disarming the PMF is seen as Abadi s greatest challenge after Islamic State s defeat. The man who many saw as weak and ineffectual when he took over in 2014 from a predecessor who was blamed for the Islamic State takeover now heads towards an election next year as the commander who freed Iraqi lands. Or as one Western diplomat described him -  the most popular man in Iraq.  ",1
12618,U.S. agency to help Iraq recover from IS despite Trump aid cuts,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The United States is committed to helping Iraq recover from three years of war against Islamic State despite President Donald Trump cutting the foreign aid budget, a senior official in its main government aid agency has said. Thomas Staal, the Counselor of the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), said the agency would continue to provide basic humanitarian services and additional support for minority groups such as psychosocial support to those who suffered genocide, slavery, and gender-based violence.  The budget that the president submitted included a 30 percent cut, but for Iraq actually we are looking at additional funding, especially for the victims of Islamic State,  Staal told Reuters in an interview at the U.S. embassy in Baghdad. Trump staked out his position on foreign aid on the campaign trail, casting it as a waste of U.S. tax dollars. The White House proposed slashing the budget for foreign aid by a third. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared final victory over Islamic State on Saturday after Iraqi forces drove the last remnants of the group from the country, three years after the militants captured about a third of Iraq s territory. The war has had a devastating impact on the areas previously controlled by the militants. About 3.2 million people remain displaced, the United Nations says.  The last estimate by Abadi put the cost of post-war reconstruction at $50 billion, a figure calculated before Iraqi forces retook Mosul, which severely damaged the biggest city in northern Iraq. The U.S. government has provided nearly $1.7 billion in humanitarian assistance for Iraq since the Islamic State takeover of the north in 2014, Staal said. That includes a total of $265 million donated to the United Nations Development Programme s Iraq stabilization fund in 2016 and 2017. USAID has asked UNDP to focus on the minority areas, said Staal, who met with Christian and Yazidi leaders during a five-day visit to Iraq.  The primary request from everybody was security,  said Staal, who also met with two young women who were sold into slavery by Islamic State fighters. In 2014, more than 3,000 Yezidis were killed by Islamic State in what the United Nations described as a genocidal campaign. Others were sold into sexual slavery or forced to fight. Iraq is exempted from Trump s policy of cutting aid because of the especially  terrible plight  experienced by Islamic State s victims, Staal said, but it was a short term focus.  The long term solution is that the Iraqi government is going to have to provide services to people in a more effective, efficient way,  he said. USAID is working directly with Iraqi ministries to train staff and improve efficiency, with procurement reform high up on the agenda, Staal said.  Corruption is rife in all levels of government in Iraq, which in 2016 ranked 166 out of 176 countries in Transparency International s Corruption Perception Index. Abadi has repeatedly said that once Islamic State was beaten, fighting corruption would be his next focus. (The story was refiled to fix a typo in paragraph 2) ",1
12619,Berlin police say bags of bullets found near Christmas market not linked to terrorism,"BERLIN (Reuters) - There is no reason to suspect that two bags of bullets found near a Christmas market and mosque in western Berlin have anything to do with terrorism and the find was related neither to the market nor to the mosque, police said on Sunday. Asked about a possible link with terrorism, a police spokesman said:  Not at all.   Ammunition is always being found in Berlin,  he added.  Somebody was probably clearing their cellar out and found something from their grandfather.  Germany is on high alert for militant attacks, nearly a year after a Tunisian Islamist rammed a hijacked truck into a Christmas market in central Berlin, killing 11 people as well as the driver. Earlier this month, experts made safe a device filled with nails that was delivered to a pharmacy near a Christmas market in the German city of Potsdam near Berlin.  ",1
12620,Honduras tribunal says partial vote recount shows same result,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduras  electoral tribunal said on Sunday that a partial recount of votes from the disputed presidential election showed broadly the same result as previously, giving the lead to current President Juan Orlando Hernandez. In the partial recount of 4,753 ballot boxes, the conservative Hernandez won 50.1 percent of the votes, against some 31.5 percent for his rival Salvador Nasralla from the center-left coalition Opposition Alliance against the Dictatorship.  The tribunal did not specify exactly how many votes from the Nov. 26 election were recounted. There are some 18,000 ballot boxes overall. Including all votes, Nasralla trails conservative Orlando Hernandez by 1.6 percentage points according to the official count, which has been questioned by the two main opposition parties and a wide swathe of the diplomatic corps. Observers from the Organization of American States (OAS) issued a series of recommendations this week to authorities including a recount of disputed ballots.  What we can say is that the results of the recount are extremely consistent with what we had originally,  David Matamoros, president of the Supreme Electoral Tribunal (TSE) said. The election has been plagued with problems since voting stations closed, sparking concerns of deepening political instability in the poor, violent Central American nation.  The tribunal declared Nasralla the leader in an announcement on the morning after the vote, with just over half of the ballot boxes counted. However, it gave no further updates for about 36 hours. Once results then started flowing again, Nasralla s lead quickly started narrowing, sparking a major outcry. Since early December, the government imposed a curfew which is still in place in 5 of the country s 18 departments. Opposition parties on Friday presented formal requests to annul the election.     On Sunday afternoon, opposition groups were expected to take to the streets to protest the results. The electoral tribunal has until December 26 to declare a winner. ",1
12621,Mexican opposition leader Anaya to seek presidency in coalition,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican opposition leader Ricardo Anaya said on Sunday he would seek to win the presidency in a left-right alliance after stepping down as head of the conservative National Action Party (PAN). Anaya resigned as leader of the PAN on Saturday, a day after his party officially joined forces with the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) and the Citizens Movement party in the  For Mexico in Front  coalition. If selected, Anaya will likely take on leftist former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, and former Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade, who is seeking the nomination for the ruling centrist Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Meade, who has served in both PRI and PAN administrations, resigned as finance minister in November and PRI officials hope he will help the party recover from a spate of corruption scandals.  This corrupt and inefficient PRI government has been an absolute national disaster,  Anaya said on Sunday, adding that his own party did not make fundamental structural changes during its two presidential terms from 2000 to 2012. Anaya saw a split in his party in October when former first lady Margarita Zavala left to launch a bid for the presidency as an independent candidate. Zavala, the wife of former President Felipe Calderon, said she quit the PAN because the party base had been subordinated to the interests of its leadership. The left-right coalition on Friday presented its official request with the electoral institute to compete in the July 2018 vote. The group must still pick its leader, with Anaya, who had been leader of the PAN since 2015, considered the front-runner. Anaya, 38, has faced criticism in the Mexican press for his family s  inexplicable  level of wealth, although he denies any wrongdoing. In a voter poll published on Wednesday, Anaya came in second behind Lopez Obrador, who leads the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) party, but ahead of Meade. Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera, who was seen as a contender for the coalition, said on Saturday he would not run and criticized what he said was an undemocratic selection process. ",1
12622,France's conservatives choose leader to rattle Macron's perch,"PARIS (Reuters) - In his first seven months in office, President Emmanuel Macron has faced little opposition. But on Sunday, the once-dominant Republicans, now the biggest opposition party in parliament, elected a new leader they hope will recover their voice. The conservatives  ambitious new chief, 42-year old Laurent Wauquiez, is a hard-hitting critic of the 39-year-old centrist president, whom he dismisses as out of touch with rural France, weak on security and too much in favor of closer European integration. Wauquiez wants the party to pull its weight after months when internal divisions and the shock from failing to make the run-off in this year s presidential election held them back.          Tonight, the Right is back!  he told supporters.  France needs the Right because the president of the Republic (Macron) is passive against crime ... and not firm enough against radical Islam,  said Wauquiez, who wants to relaunch the Republicans by taking them further to the right. He won an overwhelming mandate with three quarters of the near 100,000 votes cast by party members on Sunday. Wauquiez bills himself as the champion of small-town, rural France - a France, he says, with which Macron has no connection as he pursues a  start-up nation .    While there are few policy parallels between the two men,    Wauquiez and Macron actually have some traits in common. Both are younger than French political leaders usually are and are graduates from the country s top elite schools who promise to shake up the political establishment.        Inside Macron s camp, some ministers have cautioned against underestimating the threat of Wauquiez.      We need to be wary because he is very gifted, very strong and there s nothing he won t do. He will establish a violent fight,  Gerald Darmanin, Macron s budget minister and former member of the Republicans, told the newspaper Le Monde. But Wauquiez s main challenge may well come from within. He inherits a party divided in its response both to Macron s poaching of party stalwarts and economic policy that encroaches on its turf.  Moderate veterans, ill at ease with his wooing of far-right National Front voters, have warned they could leave the party if he does not water down his hardline views.  And opinion polls show he is not popular with voters overall. Both far-left  France Unbowed  leader Jean-Luc Melenchon and far-right National Front chief Marine Le Pen have so far been viewed as stronger opponents to Macron, polls have shown.  Now the hard part begins,  said Jean-Daniel Levy, head of Harris Interactive pollsters.     Wauquiez has time to turn the party around. French voters will next go to the polls only in 2019, for the European parliament election. The next presidential and parliamentary elections will be in 2022. ",1
12623,White House: unfortunate that Palestinians declined meeting with Pence,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - The White House said on Sunday it was  unfortunate  that Palestinians were declining to meet with Vice President Mike Pence during an upcoming trip to the region in the aftermath of President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  It s unfortunate that the Palestinian Authority is walking away again from an opportunity to discuss the future of the region, but the administration remains undeterred in its efforts to help achieve peace between Israelis and Palestinians and our peace team remains hard at work putting together a plan,  said Jarrod Agen, a deputy chief of staff and spokesman for Pence. ",1
12624,Thousands of Romanians protest against proposed judicial reforms,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Thousands of Romanians rallied in the capital Bucharest and other cities on Sunday, protesting against plans by the ruling Social Democrats (PSD) to overhaul the country s judicial system which is seen as undermining efforts to combat corruption.  The PSD-led coalition, which holds a strong majority in parliament, is debating proposed new legislation which the European Commission and thousands of magistrates have said would put the judicial system under political control. Sunday s protests mark three weeks since a special parliamentary commission began debates on the bill, which the ruling party aims to approve by the end of this year. The commission is headed by PSD veteran, former justice minister Florin Iordache who had to quit in February after a decree on corruption that he drafted, triggered the biggest rallies since the 1989 anti-communist Romanian revolution.  Thieves and mobsters  nest, ,  United we save Romania,   shouted thousands of protesters braving gusting winds, in front of the government s headquarters.    About 10,000 are estimated to have rallied in Bucharest and overall, 20,000 across the country overall. Bucharest s Victory Square witnessed large street protests at the start of the year following attempts by the ruling Social Democrats to decriminalize some graft offences and has been a gathering place for largely peaceful protests ever since. Contested elements of the bill include changes to a judicial inspection unit which oversees the conduct of magistrates, the way in which chief prosecutors are appointed and giving the president the right to vet prosecutor candidates. Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union s most corrupt states and Brussels keeps Romania s justice system under special monitoring. In a Nov. 15 report the European Commission said reform of the justice system has halted this year and challenges to judicial independence remain a persistent source of concern. ",1
12625,Kenya's opposition says postpones 'swearing-in' of alternative president,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s opposition said on Sunday it had postponed plans to swear in its leader Raila Odinga as an alternative president, easing political tensions and opening a window for possible talks with the government of President Uhuru Kenyatta.  Opposition coalition NASA had planned to publicly  inaugurate  Odinga at a rally on Tuesday, Kenyan independence day, in what the attorney general said this week would be an act of treason.     Kenyatta was re-elected as Kenya s president with 98 percent of the vote in a repeat election held on Oct. 26 which Odinga boycotted. He had beaten Odinga in the original poll, held in August, which was nullified by the Supreme Court on procedural grounds following opposition allegations of vote-rigging and other malpractices.  NASA said in a statement it would postpone the swearing-in after  consultations and engagement with a wide range of national and international interlocutors . It did not specifically name any mediators involved in the talks. The coalition said it would be announcing a new date for the swearing in ceremony and the launch of its People s Assembly  as well as a more vigorous and prolonged resistance . The plan to install Odinga as an alternative president had threatened to exacerbate rifts opened by an acrimonious election season that left more than 70 people dead in political violence.  The United States had also urged opposition leaders to work within the law and avoid actions like the proposed  inauguration ceremony.  ",1
12626,Macron asks Netanyahu to make gestures to break peace impasse,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron told Israel s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday that he needed to make gestures to the Palestinians to enable to break the impasse between the two sides.    Netanyayu was in Paris ahead of a meeting with EU foreign ministers on Monday when they will try present a unified front after U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.  While condemning all acts of terrorism against Israel, Macron said that he told Netanyahu that he was against Trump s decision, which was a  dangerous threat to peace.   I asked Prime Minister Netanyuhu to make some courageous gestures toward the Palestinians to get out of the current impasse,  he said, suggesting that a freeze of settlement construction could be s first step.  He reaffirmed that France believed that a two-state solution was the only viable option to end the Palestinian-Israeli conflict. European countries, like most nations, have criticized the Trump administration s decision last week which reversed decades of U.S. policy. Israel considers all of Jerusalem to be its capital, while the Palestinians want the eastern part of the city as capital of a future independent state. Most countries have maintained the position that decisions about Jerusalem s status should be left to future negotiations. The Trump administration argues that any future peace deal is likely to place Israel s capital in Jerusalem, and old policies need to be abandoned to revive the moribund peace process.  Netanyahu responded to Macron by saying that once the Palestinians recognized the  reality  that Jerusalem was the capital of Israel, it would enable peace efforts sooner.  The most important thing about peace is first of all to recognize that the other side has a right to exist,  he said.  One of the manifestations of this refusal is the mere refusal to sit down with Israel.  Here is the gesture I offer .. to Mr Abbas to sit down and negotiate peace. That s a gesture for peace. Nothing could be simpler,  he said, referring to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. Macron said that he did not expect any breakthrough in the short-term, but it was important to see what a proposed U.S. peace initiative expected early next year would look like before writing Washington off as a mediator in the conflict.  I don t think we need more initiatives,  Macron said, ruling out a new French mediation effort after holding a peace conference in Paris last January. When asked about discontent across the region over Trump s decision, including harsh criticism from Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, Netanyahu said he would not be given morality lectures by the Turkish leader. He said that many Arab nations were increasingly aligned with Israel to tackle Iran s regional threat.   Many Arab countries recognize that Israel is not their enemy but their indispensable ally,  he said.  Countries in the region who do not have formal relations with us yet. Those can grow, but it doesn t mean there will be a formal peace without some progress with the Palestinians.   Netanyahu said he sought to use closer ties with Arab countries to isolate extremists and counter Iran.  What Iran is trying to do is to entrench itself militarily with land, air and naval forces in Syria with the express purpose of fighting and destroying Israel. We will not tolerate that and we back up our words with actions,  he said. ",1
12627,Egypt's Sisi invites Palestinian president to Cairo to discuss Trump's Jerusalem move,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has invited Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to Cairo on Monday to discuss U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a presidential statement said on Sunday. The statement said Sisi wanted to discuss  ways to deal with the crisis in a manner that preserves the rights of the Palestinian people and their national sanctities and their legitimate right to establish an independent state with East Jerusalem as its capital .  ",1
12628,UK's Johnson meets Iran president as he lobbies for jailed aid worker,"DUBAI/LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson held almost an hour of talks with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Sunday after flying to Tehran to seek the release of a jailed British-Iranian aid worker.  Both spoke forthrightly about the obstacles in the relationship and agreed on the need to make progress in all areas,  said a spokeswoman for Britain s Foreign Office after Johnson concluded what was only the third visit to Iran by a British foreign minister in the past 14 years. The Foreign Office confirmed Johnson had raised  consular cases of dual nationals  during talks. These cases include Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who Britain says was visiting family on holiday in April 2016 when she was jailed by Iran for attempting to overthrow the government.    The woman s husband later told Sky News that a court appearance scheduled in Iran for Sunday had been postponed.  I think I am very optimistic today,  Richard Ratcliffe said. He added that he hoped his wife would be home before Christmas but cautioned that there could still be setbacks.  Without doubt having the foreign secretary there was a big thing. Without doubt the court case not happening is a big thing. There may be a number of big things that have to happen before she s home, but ... as I sit here I am a lot more optimistic than I was.   Iranian state television had reported that  bilateral relations, the nuclear deal and regional developments made up the axis of the talks , between the president and Johnson. TWO-DAY VISIT The case of Zaghari-Ratcliffe has taken on domestic political importance after Johnson said last month that she had  been teaching journalists in Iran, which her employer denies. Johnson later apologized. Opponents have called for him to resign if his comments lead to her serving longer in prison. Johnson met Ali Akbar Salehi, head of Iran s Atomic Energy Organization earlier on Sunday and had talks with his Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif on Saturday. The two-day visit took place against a complex backdrop of historical, regional and bilateral tensions.  It has been a worthwhile visit and we leave with a sense that both sides want to keep up the momentum to resolve the difficult issues in the bilateral relationship and preserve the nuclear deal,  the Foreign Office spokeswoman added. International sanctions against Iran have only recently been lifted as part of the 2015 multilateral nuclear deal to curb Tehran s disputed uranium enrichment program.  That deal is under threat after U.S. President Donald Trump decided to decertify Iran s compliance with its terms. Johnson told Zarif he believed the deal should be fully implemented. Zaghari-Ratcliffe is not the only dual national being held in Iran, but has become the most high profile case. A project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, she was sentenced to five years in prison after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges. The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. It says Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran.   ",1
12629,"After Brexit, UK aims for trade deal with EU that tops Canada pact","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is aiming to secure a comprehensive free trade deal with the European Union and wants it to be signed shortly after it leaves the bloc in 2019, Brexit minister David Davis said on Sunday. After securing an initial agreement on Friday to move Brexit talks to a second phase, Prime Minister Theresa May is keen to start discussing future ties with the EU, and especially the type of trading agreement to try to offer greater certainty for businesses. But despite Davis striking a confident tone, EU officials say they will only launch negotiations on a legally binding treaty after Britain leaves and becomes a  third country , according to draft negotiating guidelines.  It s not that complicated, it comes right back to the alignment point ... We start in full alignment, we start in complete convergence so we can work it out from there,  Davis told the BBC s Andrew Marr show.  The thing is how we manage divergence so it doesn t undercut the access to the market,  he said, describing his preferred deal as  Canada plus plus plus . The EU has been considering a post-Brexit free trade deal with Britain along the lines of one agreed last year with Canada. But the UK economy is nearly twice the size of Canada s and British officials have said that their current alignment with EU standards and much closer trading links with the continent give them scope for an even deeper relationship. May has been hailed by many in her deeply divided Conservative party for rescuing the agreement to unlock the Brexit talks by offering EU member Ireland and her allies in Northern Ireland a pledge to avoid any return of a hard border. By playing with the wording, May agreed that if the two sides failed to agree an overall Brexit deal, the United Kingdom would keep  full alignment  with those rules of the EU s single market that help cooperation between Ireland s north and south. Davis described the commitment as more of a  statement of intent  than a legally binding measure   something that might reassure hardline Brexit campaigners who fear that it could imply that Britain was leaving the EU in name only. Despite last week s progress, May will enjoy little respite. The second phase of talks is expected to expose the rifts in her top team of ministers over what Britain should look like once it leaves the EU. On Saturday, environment minister Michael Gove, a Brexit campaigner, opened up the possibility of changing the terms of any agreement with the EU after Brexit if Britons felt that the deal had not reflected their demands to  take back control .  If the British people dislike the arrangement that we have negotiated with the EU, the agreement will allow a future government to diverge,  Gove wrote in a column in the Daily Telegraph. ",1
12630,"Britain has ways to secure no hard border with Ireland post-Brexit, says minister","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has two proposals on how to secure a frictionless border with EU member Ireland after Brexit, a new customs partnership or a  highly streamlined approach  to customs, Northern Ireland minister James Brokenshire said on Sunday.  We set out two proposals in relation to how we would deal with the issue of tariffs, how we would deal with those sorts of elements in relation to customs whether that be a new customs partnership where we would effectively apply a similar or the same tariff that the EU currently applies to goods coming into the EU, or a highly streamlined approach with effectively exemptions that would apply for small business,  he told Sky News. ",1
12631,Pakistan says over 300 Baloch separatist militants surrender,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - More than 300 Baloch separatist militants have surrendered over the past few months, Pakistani government officials said, after a ceremony to mark the downing of guns and militants  return to civilian life. The surrenders are part of government efforts to end a decade-long insurgency in the southwestern Baluchistan province by offering amnesties and financial rewards to soldiers and commanders to help them re-integrate into the society. In a high-profile ceremony on the lawn of the Baluchistan provincial assembly in the western city of Quetta, the regional capital, some 313 militants from three separatist movements handed over weapons to Nawab Sanaullah Zehri, the Chief Minister of the province.  I will hug all that who believe in integrity and sovereignty of Pakistan but will not tolerate (those) who will challenge the writ of the State,  Zehri said at the ceremony on Saturday. Pakistani government officials say about 2,000 militants have surrendered over the past 18 months. In April, the government held a similar ceremony where about 400 militants handed over their guns. The latest ceremony saw surrenders by 143 militants from the Baloch Republican Army (BRA), 125 fighters from the Baloch Liberation Army (BLA) and 17 from Baloch Liberation Front (BLF), according to officials. Under the agreement, foot soldiers are given 500,000 rupees ($4,700) and the top-level commanders receive about 1 million rupees ($9,500) to help them and their families build a life after militancy.     Baluchistan s government and the powerful army, which has a huge say in the running of Pakistan s poorest province, tout the amnesties as an effective way to reduce the power of separatists who accuse Islamabad of exploiting Baluchistan. While security has improved in Baluchistan over the past few years, critics and human rights groups say the army has crushed dissent and free speech, while separatists accuse security officials of extra-judicial killings and enforced disappearances. The military denies abuse claims. Pakistan s desire to dismantle the insurgencies has grown in urgency amid vast Chinese investment from Beijing s Belt and Road infrastructure splurge. China has frequently urged Pakistan to improve security, especially in Baluchistan. A new transport corridor (CPEC) through Baluchistan, linking Western China with Pakistan s Arabian Sea port of Gwadar, is due to become operational in late 2018.  Separatists have vowed to disrupt CPEC, and earlier this week China warned its citizens of a security threat inside Pakistan. ",1
12632,"Implementation of U.S. decision on Jerusalem will not be easy, says Erdogan","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Decisions made at the approaching meeting of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) will show that U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as the Israeli capital will not be easy to implement, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Sunday. A spokesman for Erdogan on Wednesday had announced that the OIC would a hold an urgent meeting in Turkey on Dec. 13 to coordinate a response to the decision by the United States.  The OIC, established in 1969, consists of 57 member states with a Muslim majority or a large Muslim population.   We explained to all our interlocutors that the United States  decision does not comply with international law, diplomacy or humanity,  Erdogan said at a Justice and Development Party (AKP) assembly in Turkey s central province of Sivas, referring to phone calls he made to leaders including French President Emmanuel Macron and the Pope.  With the roadmap we will create during the OIC meeting, we will show that the decision will not be easy to implement,  he said, adding that Turkey considers U.S. President Trump s Jerusalem announcement void. The Arab League, in a statement issued after an emergency session in Cairo on Saturday, called the announcement a  dangerous violation of international law  and said it would seek a U.N. Security Council resolution rejecting the U.S. move. The Arab League, which consists of Arabic-speaking nations, currently has 22 active member states.  Trump s announcement has also upset U.S. allies in the West. At the United Nations, France, Italy, Germany, Britain and Sweden called on the United States to  bring forward detailed proposals for an Israeli-Palestinian settlement . Palestinians took to the streets after the U.S. announcement. Demonstrations also took place in Iran, Jordan, Lebanon, Tunisia, Somalia, Yemen, Malaysia and Indonesia, as well as outside the U.S. Embassy in Berlin. ",1
12633,"Nepal's Oli, most likely next PM, wins parliament seat","KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Former Nepali prime minister K.P. Oli on Sunday looked set for a return to power after winning his seat in parliament and his Communist UML party and Maoist allies on course to win a majority. Counting is still under way following an election on Thursday that capped a near-decade long transition to democracy from monarchy and a civil war in which more than 17,000 people died. Oli, 65, has vowed to form a government that lasts its full five-year term, something no prime minister has achieved since parliamentary democracy was established in 1990. His campaign has called for the extension of the Chinese railway network into Nepal and implement of hydroelectric, airport and other infrastructure projects to create jobs.  We can expect Oli to lead a stable government with the Maoists as strong allies,  said Bipin Adhikari, a constitutional expert.  Once there is political stability he can implement a development agenda and attract foreign investment.  Instability has spooked investors, curbed growth, spurred corruption and slowed reconstruction after a 2015 earthquake that killed 9,000 people. Nepal is a natural buffer between China and India, with the ruling Nepali Congress party considered pro-India and the left alliance seen closer to China.  If Oli leads the new government, he will be forced to be pragmatic in maintaining a geo-political balance with both,  said Kunda Dixit, editor of the weekly Nepali Times. Final election results are expected to take about a week, election officials said. Home to Mount Everest, Nepal is one of the world s poorest countries. ",1
12634,Catalan separatists to lose majority in tight election: poll,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia s independence movement could suffer a serious setback in elections this month, according to a poll published on Sunday, which suggests separatist parties will narrowly fail to secure a majority in the regional parliament. The three parties which supported Catalonia s frustrated push to split from Spain in October are seen as returning a total of 66 or 67 seats in the Dec. 21 election, just shy of the 68 seats they would need to control the regional parliament, according to the poll in Spanish newspaper La Vanguardia. Unionist parties combined are also seen as falling short of an absolute majority, the poll finds, opening the door to a possible hung parliament with CatComu-Podem, the Catalan arm of the anti-austerity Podemos party, as a potential kingmaker. Market friendly unionist party Ciudadanos and two pro-independence parties, ERC and Junts per Catalunya, the party of former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, are in a dead heat to be the largest parliamentary force, according to the poll based on interviews between Dec. 4 and Dec. 7. Turnout for the election, which was forced by the central government in an effort to break the political crisis that seized the region in recent months, is predicted to reach a record 82 percent.  ",1
12635,Violence flares at protest near U.S. Embassy in Lebanon,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese security forces fired tear gas and water canons at protesters near the U.S. Embassy in Lebanon on Sunday during a demonstration against President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Protesters, some of them waving Palestinian flags, set fires in the street and threw projectiles toward security forces that had barricaded the main road to the U.S. Embassy in the Awkar area north of Beirut. Security personnel used force to disperse most of the protesters and detained some, witnesses said.   Addressing the protesters, the head of the Lebanese Communist Party Hanna Gharib declared the United States  the enemy of Palestine  and the U.S. Embassy  a symbol of imperialist aggression  that must be closed. Protesters burned U.S. and Israeli flags.  We came to say to the U.S. Embassy that it is an embassy of aggression and that Jerusalem is Arab and will stay Arab,  said Ahmad Mustafa, an official in the leftist Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, who was among the demonstrators. Trump s recognition of Jerusalem has infuriated the Arab world and upset Western allies, who say it is a blow to peace efforts and risks causing further unrest in the Middle East. Late on Saturday Arab foreign ministers meeting in Cairo urged the United States to abandon its decision and said the move would spur violence throughout the region. Israel says that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state. Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory and say the status of the city should be left to be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks.  The government of Lebanon, which hosts about 450,000 Palestinian refugees, has condemned Trump s decision. Lebanese President Michel Aoun last week called the move a threat to regional stability. The powerful Iran-backed Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah on Thursday said it backed calls for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel in response to the U.S. decision. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah also called for a protest against the decision in the Hezbollah-controlled southern suburbs of Beirut on Monday. ",1
12636,Palestinians to snub Pence during visit over Jerusalem move,"CAIRO/GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will not meet U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during Pence s visit to the region this month in a snub over the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, the Palestinian foreign minister said on Saturday. Violence erupted for a third day in Gaza in response to President Donald Trump s announcement on Wednesday, which overturned decades of U.S. policy towards the Middle East. Israeli air strikes killed two Palestinian gunmen on Saturday after militants fired rockets from the enclave into Israel on Friday, which had been declared a  day of rage  by Palestinian factions.    Trump s recognition of Jerusalem has infuriated the Arab world and upset Western allies, who say it is a blow to peace efforts and risks sparking more violence in the region. Late on Saturday, Arab foreign ministers urged the United States to abandon its decision and said the move would spur violence throughout the region. The Arab League, in a statement issued after an emergency session in Cairo, called Trump s announcement a  dangerous violation of international law  which had no legal impact and was void. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reacted to critics in a statement before meetings in Paris on Sunday with French President Emmanuel Macron to be followed by a meeting with European foreign ministers in Brussels.  I hear (from Europe) voices of condemnation over President Trump s historic announcement but I have not heard any condemnation for the rocket firing against Israel that has come (after the announcement) and the awful incitement against us,  Netanyahu said. Israel maintains that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state.  Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory, and say the status of the city should be left to be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks. The Trump administration says it is still committed to Palestinian-Israeli talks, that Israel s capital would be in Jerusalem under any serious peace plan, and that it has not taken a position on the city s borders. It says the moribund negotiations can be revived only by ditching outdated policies. Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki said the Palestinians will be looking for a new peace talks broker instead of the United States and would seek a United Nations Security Council resolution over Trump s decision.      We will seek a new mediator from our Arab brothers and the international community,  Maliki told reporters in Cairo before the Arab League meeting on Trump s Jerusalem decision. A Turkish presidential source said Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and French President Emmanuel Macron will work together to try to persuade the United States to reconsider the move.  A possible meeting with Pence has also been turned down by Egypt s Coptic Church, MENA state news agency reported.  White House and U.S. State Department officials did not respond to requests for comment. Palestinian officials said Pence had been due to meet Abbas on Dec. 19.  Trump s adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, is leading efforts to restart negotiations, though his bid has shown little public progress so far. Palestinian militants launched at least three rockets towards Israeli towns from Gaza after dark on Friday and Israel said it responded with air strikes that targeted a weapons depot, a military compound and two weapons manufacturing facilities. Hamas, which controls Gaza, confirmed the two men killed in the pre-dawn strikes belonged to the group, which has urged Palestinians to keep up the confrontation with Israeli forces.  However, Palestinian protests on Saturday were less intense than on the previous two days. About 60 Palestinian youths threw stones at Israeli soldiers across the Gaza-Israel border and the health ministry said at least 10 were wounded by Israeli fire.   In the occupied West Bank, Palestinians set fire to tires and threw stones and firebombs at Israeli troops, who responded with tear gas, water cannons, rubber bullets and, in a few instances, live fire. The Israeli military said one protester was arrested.  In East Jerusalem about 60 people demonstrated near the walled Old City, where paramilitary border police and officers on horseback tried to disperse the crowd with tear gas. Thirteen demonstrators were arrested and four officers were lightly injured by stones, police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said.      On Friday, thousands of Palestinians took to the streets in protest and two Palestinians were killed in clashes with Israeli troops on the Gaza border. Scores more were wounded there and in the West Bank. Across the Arab and Muslim worlds, thousands more protesters had gathered to express solidarity. The Turkish presidential source said Erdogan and Macron  agreed during a phone call that Trump s move was worrying for the region and that Turkey and France would make a joint effort to try to reverse the U.S. decision. Erdogan also spoke to the presidents of Kazakhstan, Lebanon and Azerbaijan on Saturday, the source said. On Wednesday, he called an urgent meeting of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation in Turkey next week.  A senior United Arab Emirates (UAE) official said on Saturday that Trump s move was a  gift to radicalism .    Radicals and extremists will use that to fan the language of hate,  Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash said at the Manama Dialogue security conference in Bahrain. ",1
12637,"Yazidis caught in 'political football' between Baghdad, Iraqi Kurds","SINJAR, Iraq (Reuters) - Since Iraqi forces pushed the Kurds out of the Yazidis   mountainous heartland of Sinjar in northern Iraq in October, residents are wondering what could happen to them next. Food and money are in short supply since aid organizations stopped delivery after Iraq s advance. Buildings collapsed in the fighting and of those still standing, many are marked with bullets and littered with IEDs. Water and electricity barely work. The Yazidis, whose beliefs combine elements of several ancient Middle Eastern religions, have long been viewed with suspicion and repeatedly persecuted by other groups in Iraq. In 2014, more than 3,000 were killed by Islamic State militants in a campaign described by the United Nations as genocidal. Now the land they have lived on for centuries is caught up in a tug of war between Baghdad and Iraq s Kurds, who had controlled it since the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003.  We re trapped in this game of political football, between Iraq and the Kurds,  said a Yazidi resident of Sinjar, Kamal Ali.  But neither of them cares about our future.  The militias have hoisted Iraq s tricolor flag over government buildings and any remaining Kurdish flags have been scrawled over with the words  Iraq  and  Allahu Akbar , the blazing sun at its center scribbled over in black marker. Sinjar is politically important because it s in the disputed territories, ethnically mixed areas across northern Iraq, long the subject of a constitutional dispute between Baghdad and the Kurds, who both claim them. Sinjar fell under the Kurds  control, despite lying outside Iraqi Kurdistan s recognized borders. Baghdad did little to challenge the arrangement until its October offensive, launched to punish the Kurds for their Sept. 25 independence referendum. Iraqi forces have seized the disputed areas the Kurds had expanded into including Sinjar. The referendum reignited long-simmering tensions over geographic dominance in the oil-rich north, between Baghdad and the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG), who fought side by side to defeat Islamic State.  The Yazidis are divided about what should happen now. Some are glad the Kurds have gone and see an opportunity for increased autonomy now that they are under federal control following the offensive by Iraq s security forces last October. Kurdish forces handed over Sinjar without a fight to the Lalesh Brigades, a Yazidi militia backed by Baghdad s Shiite paramilitary forces (PMF). Most Yazidis speak a Kurdish dialect, but many don t see themselves as ethnically Kurdish.  We re happy the Kurds have left,  said Abu Sardar, a 47-year-old Yazidi man.  We re Yazidis we re not Kurds, we do not want to be part of Kurdistan.   Like others, Abu Sardar complained that the Kurds forced him to vote in the Kurdish referendum, accusations the KRG denies.  He returned two months ago to the ruins of his home in the Sinuni district of Sinjar and expressed bitter disappointment that little had changed since he left in 2014: hospitals and schools remain shuttered while the city is still mostly rubble.  He hopes that Baghdad and its militias will rebuild Sinjar. Others lament the Kurds  departure. The KRG and allied Yazidi groups hold former Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki responsible for the campaign by Islamic State. They say his troops  desertion of Mosul allowed militants to capture billions of dollars in weapons later used to attack the minority.  Yazidi commander Qassem Shesho says Iraq s government is too sectarian and dislikes the Yazidis as much as Islamic State. Like many others, he blames the Kurds for the attack by Islamic State.  But they re all we ve got,  he said.     Shesho is allied to Iraqi Kurdistan s ruling Kurdistan Democratic Party, even though the Kurds cut his fighters  salaries after the Lalesh Brigades took over Sinjar. Some days, residents say, there are only bones in Sinjar. Nearly 50 mass graves have been uncovered outside the town since 2014.  Sinjar is a city of ghosts,  said the Lalesh Brigades  leader Ali Serhan Eissa, also known as Khal Ali. Tens of thousands of Yazidis fled the militant onslaught and headed for Mount Sinjar. Of those who didn t reach the mountain, about 3,100 were killed   with more than half shot, beheaded, burned alive and disposed of in mass graves. Others were sold into sexual slavery or forced to fight, according to a report by the Public Library of Science journal PLoS Medicine. Some are still on the mountain, about to spend a third freezing winter in tents.   Before the attack, Sinjar was home to about 400,000 people   mainly Yazidis and Arab Sunnis. Only 15 percent of Yazidis have returned home, according to humanitarian estimates.  Most Yazidis remain in IDP camps in the Kurdistan region, along with most of the area s displace Sunnis. Aid workers worry the camps will be closed if tensions between Baghdad and the Kurds flare up.  The presence of fighters from Turkey s separatist Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) further complicates the picture. Many Yazidis credit them with opening up a land route to allow those stranded on Mount Sinjar to escape the militants in 2014. The PKK entrenched itself in the community, even creating a local unit, the Sinjar Resistance Units (YBS) which controls multiple checkpoints around Sinjar. Turkey and neighboring Iran are closely watching the power shift in Sinjar. Tehran wants to secure this north-western region of Iraq as it sits on the border with Syria, while Turkey wants the region free of the outlawed PKK. ",1
12638,Pope prays for nuclear disarmament,"MILAN (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Sunday called on world leaders to work in favor of nuclear disarmament to protect human rights, particularly those of weaker and underprivileged people. The pontiff said that there was a need to  work with determination to build a world without nuclear weapons , speaking from the window of the papal apartment overlooking St. Peter s Square and citing his 2015 encyclical letter Laudato Si (Praised Be). His remarks came on the day that the group which won this year s Nobel Peace Prize urged nuclear nations to adopt a U.N. treaty banning atomic weapons. With rising tensions between the United States and North Korea, the pope has repeatedly warned against the catastrophic humanitarian and environmental effects of nuclear devices and has called for a third country to mediate the dispute. At his weekly Angelus prayer, Pope Francis added that men and women in the world had  the liberty, the intelligence and the capacity to guide technology, limit their power, at the service of peace and true progress . Speaking aboard the plane back from his trip to Myanmar and Bangladesh, the pope suggested that some world leaders had an  irrational  attitude toward nuclear weapons. Last month he appeared to harden the Catholic Church s teaching against nuclear weapons, saying countries should not stockpile them, even for the purpose of deterrence. Pope Francis, a strong defender of environmental protection,  also hoped that an upcoming Paris summit would adopt  efficient decisions  to contrast climate change. ",1
12639,Israel says it has destroyed Hamas attack tunnel from Gaza,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli forces on Sunday destroyed a  significant  cross-border attack tunnel from the Gaza Strip, which the military said was being dug by the enclave s dominant Islamist group, Hamas. The announcement, cleared by Israeli censors who had previously barred reports of detection work around the central Gaza frontier, followed a surge of Palestinian unrest in response to last week s U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. It also came as Palestinian factions tried to meet Sunday s deadline for an Egyptian-mediated handover of Gaza by Hamas to Western-backed President Mahmoud Abbas after a decade s schism. A network of Gaza tunnels allowed Hamas gunmen to blindside Israel s superior forces during the 2014 war and the Israelis, with U.S. help, have since stepped up work on counter-measures. The tunnel destroyed on Sunday ran hundreds of meters into Israeli territory and, though unfinished, was a new project that showed  a significant effort by Hamas , military spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Jonathan Conricus told reporters. He did not elaborate on how Israel knew Hamas was responsible for the tunnel, which he said reached to within 1km (0.6 miles) of the nearest Israeli civilian community. Hamas did not respond immediately to a request for comment.  The previous such announcement was on Oct. 30, when Israel blew up a tunnel dug by Islamic Jihad. In the process of that demolition, 10 gunmen from the group and another two from Hamas were killed - deaths that Israeli sources described as an  unintended result of the passage s collapse within Gazan turf. Conricus said that  to the best of our knowledge  there were no such casualties on Sunday, though he added that the tunnels could be  death traps  for Gaza gunmen.  The IDF (Israel Defence Forces) will continue to discover, expose and demolish these terror tunnels,  he said. ",1
12640,Yemen's Saleh buried in Sanaa with handful of relatives present: sources,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen s Houthi group has buried the body of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh in Sanaa, allowing only a handful of relatives to attend, sources from his General People s Congress (GPC) party said on Sunday. Saleh, 75, was killed by the Iran-aligned Houthis on Monday, after he had called for a  new page  in ties with a Saudi-led coalition that his supporters together with the Houthis had fought for nearly three years. A GPC source, who has asked not to be identified, said the Houthis allowed less than 10 people from Saleh s relatives to attend the night-time burial in the capital Sanaa, but gave no details on the exact location. GPC Secretary-General Aref al-Zouka, who was killed with Saleh, was buried on Saturday in his native al-Saeed district of Shabwa province in southern Yemen after the Houthis handed over his body to tribal leaders, media and GPC officials said. Relatives said on Thursday that Saleh s family had refused conditions demanded by the Houthis for handing over the body. Some said they wanted to bury the body in the courtyard of a mosque he had built near the presidential compound in southern Sanaa. Saleh ruled Yemen for 33 years before being forced to step down in 2012 in a Gulf-brokered transition plan following months of Arab Spring protests demanding democracy.  He remained in politics as the head of the GPC, Yemen s largest political party, and in 2015 he joined forces with the Iran-aligned Houthis after they captured the capital Sanaa in a move that precipitated Saudi-led military intervention on the side of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. ",1
12641,"Syrian government returns to Geneva talks, Western envoys skeptical","GENEVA (Reuters) - The Syrian government s delegation returned to Geneva on Sunday for the resumption of talks with United Nations mediator Staffan de Mistura after more than a week s absence, but Western diplomats voiced scepticism about its willingness to engage. Bashar al-Ja afari, Syria s ambassador to the U.N. and chief negotiator in talks aimed at finding a political solution to end the nearly seven-year-old war, landed in a snowstorm on a flight from Beirut, a Reuters reporter on board said. Ja afari declined to comment. De Mistura convened an eighth round of separate talks with the government and unified opposition delegations on Nov. 28,  focusing on constitutional reform as well as elections. But Ja afari arrived a day late and left after two days, saying the opposition had  mined the road  to the talks by insisting that President Bashar al-Assad could not play any interim role in Syria s political transition. De Mistura told reporters last Thursday that he would assess this week whether either side is trying to  sabotage  the process.  The opposition has been extremely constructive and willing to get down to it,  a senior Western diplomat said.  They are in a difficult place while being criticized internally and pressured by the fact that the regime is bombing away in eastern Ghouta and other places.  The diplomat told Reuters that the government s failure to return as scheduled on Dec. 5 had been  a clear sign of not being interested in engaging in the political process . Russian President Vladimir Putin has suggested holding a Syrian congress in the Russian city of Sochi early in 2018. Diplomats see his plan as a bid to draw a line under the war and celebrate Moscow s role as the power that tipped the balance of the war and became the key player in the peace process. ",1
12642,Trump's Jerusalem decision could help militants: UAE's Sheikh Mohammed,"DUBAI (Reuters) - U.S President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital could provide a lifeline to militants after the setbacks they suffered this year, the de facto leader of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) has warned. Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahayan also said that the UAE hopes that Washington would reconsider its decision. Trump s announcement has sparked widespread opposition across the Middle East, with many warning it could affect Washington s role as a Middle East peace broker.  The U.S. move could throw a lifebuoy to terrorist and armed groups, which have begun to lose ground in the region,  said Sheikh Mohammed, speaking to a delegation from the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. The comments were carried in a report on state news agency WAM published late on Saturday. Iraq on Saturday declared final victory over Islamic State after Iraqi forces drove its last remnants from the country, while the group is on the back foot in neighboring Syria, where an offensive backed by Russia has driven the group out of most of its strongholds. Palestinians want Arab East Jerusalem, captured by Israel in the 1967 Middle East war, to be the capital of a state they hope would be emerge from peace talks with Israel. Israel has annexed East Jerusalem in a move not recognized internationally and regards the area as part of its capital. Sheikh Mohammed said Trump s unilateral decision violates U.N. resolutions, and urged Washington to  reconsider its move and work basically in an effective and neutral manner to draft true principles for peace that serve all and realize development and stability in the region , according to WAM. Turning to Yemen, Sheikh Mohammed said the Saudi-led Arab coalition, which includes the UAE, remained committed to a  political solution to end the war that began in 2015 when the Iran-aligned Houthis advanced on the southern port city of Aden forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee into exile. But he said that any solution  will also not be at the expense of enabling a military militia that operates outside the state authority and posing a direct threat to the security and stability of the sisterly Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the region at large.   ",1
12643,Thousands of Indonesians again protest Trump's Jerusalem move,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Thousands protested outside the U.S. Embassy in the Indonesian capital on Sunday against U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, many waving banners saying  Palestine is in our hearts . Leaders in Indonesia, home to the world s largest Muslim population, have joined a global chorus of condemnation of Trump s announcement, including Western allies who say it is a blow to peace efforts and risks sparking more violence. Thousands of protesters in Muslim-majority countries in Asia have rallied in recent days to condemn the U.S. move. Israel maintains that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state and say Trump s move has left them completely sidelined. Palestinian people were among the first to recognize Indonesia s independence in 1945, Sohibul Iman, president of the controversial Islamist opposition Prosperous Justice Party which organized the rally, told protesters. Indonesia should be more proactive in  urging the Organisation of Islamic Conference (OIC) member states and U.N. Security Council and the international community to respond immediately with more decisive and concrete political and diplomatic actions in saving the Palestinians from the Israeli occupation and its collaborator, the United States of America,  Iman said.  Indonesia as the world s largest Muslim country has the largest responsibility toward the independence of Palestine and the management of Jerusalem,  he told reporters, adding that he hoped Indonesia would take a leading role within the OIC on the matter.   Trump has disrupted world peace. It s terrible,  one protester, Yusri, told Reuters. The decision was  a major disaster for the Palestinian people, while the Palestinian s own rights have been taken away for a long time,  said Septi, a student at the rally. Violence erupted for a third day in Gaza on Saturday in response to Trump s decision, which overturned decades of U.S. policy towards the Middle East.  Indonesia s foreign minister left for Jordan on Sunday to meet the Palestinian and Jordanian foreign ministers  to convey Indonesia s full support for Palestine . ",1
12644,Israel defence minister says hopes Palestinian protests waning,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Sunday he hoped the violence that erupted in Palestinian protests against President Donald Trump s decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel s capital was abating.  Our hope is that everything is calming down and that we are returning to a path of normal life without riots and without violence,  Lieberman told Army Radio. Violence erupted for a third day on Saturday in Gaza and the occupied West Bank in response to Trump s announcement on Wednesday in which he overturned decades of U.S. policy towards the Middle East.  Pre-dawn Israeli air strikes on Saturday killed two Palestinian gunmen after militants fired rockets from the enclave into Israel on Friday.  However, street protests in Gaza and the West Bank were less intense on Saturday than on the previous two days and the military said there were no rocket launchings on Saturday night. Trump s recognition of Jerusalem has infuriated the Arab world and upset Western allies, who say it is a blow to peace efforts and risks causing further unrest in the Middle East. Late on Saturday, Arab foreign ministers urged the United States to abandon its decision and said the move would spur violence throughout the region. Israel says that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state. Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory, and say the status of the city should be left to be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks. The Trump administration says it is still committed to Palestinian-Israeli talks, that Israel s capital would be in Jerusalem under any serious peace plan, and that it has not taken a position on the city s borders. It says the moribund negotiations can be revived only by ditching outdated policies. ",1
12645,Japanese man kills wife and priestess sister with sword in bizarre family feud: media,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese man wielding a sword killed his sister, a Shinto priestess, on the grounds of a Tokyo shrine, then stabbed his wife to death before committing suicide, police and media said. Police declined to comment on a motive for Thursday s killings or the family feud. Shigenaga Tomioka, 56, attacked Nagako Tomioka, 58, chief priestess of the Tomioka Hachimangu shrine, as she got out of a car. Media reports said she was his sister. His 49-year-old wife, Mariko, stabbed and wounded the driver of the car with a sword, police said, before she too was killed.  Shigenaga sent a threatening letter to his sister in 2006, saying he would  send her to hell , the Sankei newspaper said. Shinto is the traditional religion of Japan and many shrines dot the country. The Tomioka Hachimangu shrine, established in 1627, has a close link with sumo and the emperor and empress visited in 2012. ",1
12646,Arab states urge U.S. to abandon Jerusalem move,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Arab foreign ministers late on Saturday urged the United States to abandon its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, saying the move would increase violence throughout the region. The announcement by President Donald Trump on Wednesday was a  dangerous violation of international law , had no legal impact and was  void , the Arab League said in a statement after a session attended by all its members in Cairo. Trump s endorsement of Israel s claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital would reverse long-standing U.S. policy that the city s status must be decided in negotiations with the Palestinians, who want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.  The decision has no legal effect ... it deepens tension, ignites anger and threatens to plunge region into more violence and chaos,  the Arab League said at 3 a.m. local time after hours of meetings that began on Saturday evening. It said it would seek a U.N. Security Council resolution rejecting the U.S. move. Lebanon s Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil said during the emergency meeting that Arab nations should consider imposing economic sanctions against the United States to prevent it moving its Israel embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv.  Pre-emptive measures (must be) taken ... beginning with diplomatic measures, then political, then economic and financial sanctions,  he said, without giving specific details. The Arab League statement made no mention of economic sanctions. Arab criticism of Trump s plan contrasted sharply with the praise Washington s traditional Arab allies heaped on him at the beginning of his administration in January. ",1
12647,Arab states urge U.S. to abandon Jerusalem move: statement,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Arab foreign ministers on Sunday urged the United States to abandon its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, saying the move would increase violence throughout the region. The announcement by President Donald Trump on Wednesday was a  dangerous violation of international law  and had no legal impact, the Arab League said in a statement after several hours of meetings attended by all its members in Cairo. ",1
12648,German conservatives reject 'United States of Europe' ahead of coalition talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Senior members of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on Saturday rejected the vision for a  United States of Europe  put forward by the Social Democrats (SPD), with whom they are hoping to form a governing coalition. SPD leader Martin Schulz said on Thursday his party, which suffered its worst post-war election result in September, would only gain support by providing a clear vision of Europe, and called for a United States of Europe by 2025. Merkel s conservatives, who lost voters to the far-right due to their liberal migrant policy, want the SPD to agree to a last-ditch alliance with them after talks on a tie-up with two smaller parties collapsed. Discussions on maintaining the conservative-SPD coalition, which has governed Germany since 2013, are due to start on Wednesday but the two parties look set to clash over the issue of Europe, which is likely to play a key role in talks. Senior conservative Volker Kauder said Schulz s European proposal posed  a danger to the EU and citizens  approval of Europe  and Peter Altmaier, Merkel s chancellery chief, said the idea, and especially the timeframe, was unrealistic. An Emnid poll for Bild newspaper found less than a third of Germans (30 percent) supported Schulz s idea while almost half (48 percent) rejected it. Kauder told the Tagesspiegel newspaper it was necessary to strengthen Europe but also important to recognize that at the moment people longed for the  reliability that they believe they can find in national states . He added:  The proposal would also jeopardize the work of unification that is unique in the history of the world because the majority of member states certainly wouldn t participate in creating a united states.  Altmaier told the Rheinische Post newspaper that Schulz s proposal had surprised him and it would be better to tackle specific problems in Europe such as unemployment, the protection of external borders and coordination of economic policy.  The discussion about whether Europe should be a federal state, confederation or a united states is one for academics and journalists - not for German foreign policy,  Altmaier said.  A United States of Europe would transfer member states  sovereignty to Brussels and there would not be a majority for that in many EU states,  he added. Merkel has also been skeptical, saying on Thursday she would rather concentrate on more cooperation in defense by 2025, on employment and on innovation. The Christian Social Union (CSU) - the Bavarian sister party to Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) - also rejected Schulz s plan. Senior CSU member Markus Soeder told Welt am Sonntag his party did not want Germany becoming an  administrative unit  of the European Commission in a  European superstate . But the SPD defended Schulz s plan, with Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel telling Deutschlandfunk radio it would ensure Europe s voice is heard on the global stage at a time when the influence of Asia, Latin America and Africa is growing. The SPD is stressing that the outcome of talks with the conservatives is still open but Schulz said on Saturday if the SPD had the chance to prevent old-age poverty, improve nursing care and affordable housing, it needed to take that opportunity. Other options are a Merkel-led minority government or new elections. The SPD has not ruled out either possibility, and newly elected SPD General Secretary Lars Klingbeil told Bild newspaper he would immediately start preparing for a possible election campaign. The SPD had initially planned to revamp itself in opposition after its poor election showing but agreed to talk to the conservatives when other coalition talks collapsed. An Emnid poll showed 61 percent of Germans thought joining another  grand coalition  would weaken the SPD further. Kauder said the conservatives would go into talks prepared to make compromises but added his party had some  absolutely key demands  like capping migration and suspending the right to family reunions for some asylum seekers. ",1
12649,"Thousands march in Tel Aviv to protest against Netanyahu, corruption","TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Thousands of Israelis protested in Tel Aviv on Saturday for the second consecutive week against government corruption and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who is under criminal investigation over allegations of abuse of office. Police estimated the number of demonstrators at about 10,000 and they followed last Saturday s demonstration, which was by far the largest of the recent weekly anti-corruption protests when an estimated 20,000 people participated. The protests have been sparked by corruption allegations against Netanyahu, who denies any wrongdoing. The four-term leader is suspected of involvement in two cases.  The first involves receiving gifts from wealthy businessmen and the second involves negotiating a deal with a newspaper owner for better coverage in return for curbs on a rival daily. If charged, he would come under heavy pressure to resign or could call an election to test whether he still had a mandate to govern. Netanyahu s right-wing Likud party said in a Facebook post that the protest was a left-wing demonstration. It called on all Israelis to back their prime minister as he defends Israel against international criticism following U.S. President Donald Trump s acceptance of Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  Instead of uniting with all the people behind Jerusalem and showing the world a unified front, the left cannot contain itself and it prefers to create division,  part of the statement said. Over weeks of demonstrations, protesters have identified themselves as supporting both left- and right-wing parties. On Saturday they held banners reading:  Neither left, nor right (we demand) integrity,   We are fed up with corrupt (politicians)  and  Sweep the corrupt away.  ",1
12650,Argentina blocks two activists from entry on eve of WTO meeting,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina blocked two European activists from entering the country on the eve of the World Trade Organization s ministerial meeting in Buenos Aires, the two told a local radio program on Saturday. Sally Burch, a British activist and journalist for the Latin American Information Agency, said Argentina had already revoked credentials given to her by the WTO to attend the meeting but thought she would be able to enter the country as a tourist.  They found my name on a list and started asking questions ... supposedly I was a false tourist,  Burch said on Radio 10.  It s not very democratic of Argentina s government.  Petter Titland, the spokesman for the Norweigan NGO Attac Norge, said authorities denied him entry without explaining why. Late last month, Argentina rescinded the credentials of some 60 activists who had been accredited by the WTO to attend the meeting because it determined they would be  more disruptive than constructive.  WTO meetings often attract protests by anti-globalization groups, but they have remained largely peaceful since riots broke out at the 1999 meeting in Seattle. WTO s spokesman, Keith Rockwell, reiterated on Saturday that it disagreed with Argentina s decision to revoke activists  credentials.  We didn t have the same perspective but we re now moving on,  Rockwell told journalists. Argentina s President Mauricio Macri has promoted business-friendly policies since taking office in December 2015, and Argentina will host global events as chair of the G20 group of major economies next year. ",1
12651,Aftershocks likely from September test detected from North Korea nuclear site: USGS,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two minor tremors were detected on Saturday from near North Korea s nuclear test site and were probably aftershocks from the country s massive nuclear test in early September, a U.S. Geological Survey official said. The aftershocks, of magnitude 2.9 and 2.4, were detected at  0613 and 0640 GMT (1:13 a.m. and 1:40 a.m. EST) respectively, said the USGS and Lassina Zerbo, executive secretary of the Vienna-based Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization. A tweet from Zerbo said analysts had confirmed that the activity was  tectonic  in origin. The USGS official said the tremors had been in the vicinity of the Punggye-ri nuclear test site, where North Korea conducted its sixth and largest underground nuclear test on Sept. 3.  They re probably relaxation events from the sixth nuclear test,  the official said.  When you have a large nuclear test, it moves the earth s crust around the area, and it takes a while for it to fully subside. We ve had a few of them since the sixth nuclear test.  Pyongyang said the September test was of an H-bomb, and experts have estimated it was 10 times more powerful than the U.S. atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima in 1945. A series of quakes since then has prompted experts and observers to suspect the test might have damaged the mountainous location of its site in the northwest tip of North Korea, where all of the country s nuclear tests have been conducted. South Korea s spy agency told South Korean lawmakers in October that North Korea might be readying two more tunnels at the site.  North Korea hinted its next nuclear test could be above ground after U.S. President Donald Trump warned in September that the United States would  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatened America. Another possible obstacle to North Korea s use of Punggye-ri for tests is the nearby active volcano of Mount Paektu, which North Koreans consider a sacred site. Its last eruption was in 1903, and experts have debated whether nuclear testing could trigger another. North Korea s official media reported on Saturday that national leader Kim Jong Un had scaled Mount Paektu with senior military officials to  emphasize his military vision  after completion of the country s nuclear force. Kim declared the nuclear force complete after the test of North Korea s largest ever intercontinental ballistic missile last month, which experts said puts all of America within range. ",1
12652,U.N. says missiles fired at Saudi Arabia have 'common origin',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations officials have found that missiles fired at Saudi Arabia by Yemen s Houthi rebels appear to have a  common origin,  but they are still investigating U.S. and Saudi claims that Iran supplied them, according to a confidential report. The officials traveled to Saudi Arabia to examine the debris of missiles fired on July 22 and Nov. 4, wrote U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres in the fourth biannual report on the implementation of U.N. sanctions and restrictions on Iran. They found  that the missiles had similar structural and manufacturing features which suggest a common origin,  said Guterres in the Friday report to the U.N. Security Council, seen by Reuters on Saturday. The report comes amid calls by the United States for Iran to be held accountable for violating U.N. Security Council resolutions on Yemen and Iran by supplying weapons to the Houthis. Saudi-led forces, which back the Yemeni government, have fought the Iran-allied Houthis in Yemen s more than two-year-long civil war. Saudi Arabia s crown prince has described Iran s supply of rockets to the Houthis as  direct military aggression  that could be an act of war. Iran has denied supplying the Houthis with weapons, saying the U.S. and Saudi allegations are  baseless and unfounded.   Guterre s report said the U.N. officials saw three components, which Saudi authorities said came from the missile fired on Nov. 4. The components  bore the castings of a logo similar to that of the Shahid Bagheri Industrial Group  - a U.N.-blacklisted company. The officials are  still analyzing the information collected and will report back to the Security Council,  wrote Guterres.  The Saudi-led coalition used the Nov. 4 missile attack to justify a blockade of Yemen for several weeks, saying it was needed to stem the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran.  Although the blockade later eased, Yemen s situation has remained dire. About 8 million people are on the brink of famine, with outbreaks of cholera and diphtheria. A separate report to the Security Council last month by a panel of independent experts monitoring sanctions imposed in Yemen found that four missiles fired this year into Saudi Arabia appear to have been designed and manufactured by Iran. However, the panel said it  as yet has no evidence as to the identity of the broker or supplier  of the missiles, which were likely shipped to the Houthis in violation of a targeted U.N. arms embargo imposed on Houthi leaders in April 2015.  Most U.N. sanctions on Iran were lifted in January last year when the U.N. nuclear watchdog confirmed that Tehran fulfilled commitments under a nuclear deal with Britain, France, Germany, China, Russia and the United States. But Iran is still subject to a U.N. arms embargo and other restrictions. U.S. President Donald Trump dealt a blow to the nuclear deal in October by refusing to certify that Tehran was complying with the accord and warning that he might ultimately terminate it. International inspectors have said Iran is in compliance.   I encourage the United States to maintain its commitments to the plan and to consider the broader implications for the region and beyond before taking any further steps,  Guterres wrote.   Similarly, I encourage the Islamic Republic of Iran to carefully consider the concerns raised by other participants in the plan,  he said.  ",1
12653,Brazil's PSDB picks Sao Paulo Gov. Alckmin to lead it into 2018 race,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The centrist Brazilian Social Democracy Party, or PSDB, elected four-time Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin as its leader on Saturday, making him its most likely presidential nominee in next year s elections.     Alckmin threw the party s weight behind a social security overhaul that is currently before Congress and would cut generous pensions for public-sector employees.  Pension reform is necessary so that we do not have two classes of Brazilian citizens,  he told the convention, which  elected him by a 470-3 vote. Alckmin said former leftist president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, a likely rival in the 2018 race, had led Brazil into its worst recession and biggest corruption scandal.  Lula wants to return to the scene of the crime,  he told cheering supporters.  Be sure, we will defeat him at the polls.  Alckmin was picked to unite a divided party, with both supporters and opponents of Brazil s unpopular President Michel Temer. He plans to complete the PSDB s withdrawal from the governing coalition. But Alckmin made it clear the PSDB would back Temer s pension proposal, which investors consider crucial for closing a huge budget deficit that cost Latin America s largest economy its investment-grade credit rating. With elections less than a year away, PSDB lawmakers want to distance themselves from Temer. Half of its 46 congressmen did not back him when the lower house voted in August to block corruption charges against him. Alckmin must overcome the party s own brush with Brazil s ongoing political corruption scandal. He succeeds Senator Aecio Neves, the party s defeated 2014 presidential candidate who is under investigation for allegedly asking jailed Joesley Batista, owner of meatpacker JBS SA for 2 million reais ($607,500) in illegal funding. Neves was booed and quickly left the convention after casting his vote. The PSDB s disengagement from the Temer administration was almost completed on Friday with the resignation of Antonio Imbassahy, the president s minister of political affairs. Alckmin, 65, was governor of Brazil s richest and most populous state from 2001-2006 and again from 2011 to now. He ran for president in 2006 but lost to Lula, who is still Brazil s most popular politician despite a corruption conviction that could bar him from running or even land him in prison. Former Brazilian President and PSDB founder Fernando Henrique Cardoso, who won two elections against Lula, said it was better to defeat him at the polls than to put him in jail. ",1
12654,UK's Johnson in Iran talks to lobby for jailed aid worker,"DUBAI (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson flew to Tehran on Saturday to seek the release of a jailed British-Iranian aid worker. The Foreign Office said Johnson spoke  frankly  with his Iranian counterpart Javad Zarif about  consular cases of dual nationals  such as Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who Britain says was visiting family on holiday when she was jailed by Iran for attempting to overthrow the government. The case has taken on domestic political importance in Britain, especially since Johnson said last month that Zaghari-Ratcliffe trained journalists, which her employer denies. Johnson later apologized. Opponents have called for him to resign if his comments lead to her serving longer in prison. Johnson is also expected to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Sunday to discuss bilateral and regional issues, a Foreign Office official said, during just the third visit by a British foreign minister to Iran in the last 14 years. Talks with Zarif were  constructive , Johnson s office said, despite differences between the two countries.  They both spoke frankly about the obstacles in the relationship, including the Foreign Secretary s concerns about the consular cases of British-Iranian dual nationals,  a British Foreign Office spokeswoman said in a statement. The two-day visit takes place against a complex backdrop of historical, regional and bilateral tensions. Johnson stressed Britain s support for Iran s 2015 nuclear deal with world powers in the meeting, the spokeswoman said. International sanctions against Iran have only recently been lifted as part of the multilateral nuclear deal to curb Tehran s disputed uranium enrichment program.  That deal is under threat after U.S. President Donald Trump decided to decertify Iran s compliance with its terms. Johnson told Zarif he believed the deal should be fully implemented. Johnson also met Ali Shamkhani, secretary of Iran s Supreme National Security Council, and parliament speaker Ali Larijani during the first day of his two-day visit, Iran s state news agency IRNA reported. The Foreign Office statement did not mention Zaghari-Ratcliffe by name, although Johnson has vowed to leave  no stone unturned  in Britain s efforts to free her.  A project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, she was sentenced to five years in prison after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges. Zaghari-Ratcliffe is not the only dual national being held in Iran, but has become the most high-profile case. The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. It says Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran. Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been told she will appear in court on Dec. 10, her husband Richard has said. The visit is a test of Johnson s ability to navigate a political landscape littered with potential pitfalls. Iran s 1979 Islamic Revolution turned it into a pariah state for most of the West and many Middle Eastern neighbors. Britain has voiced its continued support for the nuclear deal but is one of a number of Western powers voicing concerns about Tehran s  destabilizing  influence in the region. ",1
12655,Peru's Kuczynski acknowledges having advised Odebrecht project,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski acknowledged that he worked as a financial adviser for an irrigation project owned by the Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ODBES.UL] on Saturday, contradicting his previous denials of having any links to the company. Odebrecht is at the center of Latin America s biggest graft scandal and has admitted to paying about $30 million in bribes to secure contracts in Peru over a decade. Kuczynski worked in the Cabinet of former President Alejandro Toledo, who prosecutors say took a $20 million bribe from Odebrecht during his 2001-2006 term. However, Kuczynski has not been named as a suspect in the far-reaching graft probe by the attorney general s office. In a televised interview with local broadcaster RPP, Kuczynski denied being a partner in an investment fund that allegedly had links to Odebrecht. However, he said he had worked as a financial adviser for several companies that needed to raise funds for big projects, including an Odebrecht firm.  They use bankers,  said Kuczynski, a 79-year-old former Wall Street banker elected president in 2016.  I ve been a banker, in New York, for a very prestigious bank. I ve been one of the founders of what s called project financing. So sometimes, I was hired. For H2Olmos, an irrigation project.  Odebrecht owns H2Olmos SA, which was formed in 2009 to build and operate one of its landmark projects in Peru - carving a 20-kilometer (12-mile) tunnel through the Andes to transport water to irrigate agricultural fields in the desert. Kuczynski s comments could provide more ammunition for the opposition-controlled Congress as it targets him in its probe into Odebrecht s links to politicians. Kuczynski had previously denied reports in local media that Odebrecht hired him as an adviser a decade ago to mend ties with him after he opposed highway contracts awarded to the company in Toledo s government. Kuczynski did not provide additional details about his work for H2Olmos, and his office did not respond to requests for comment. However, he stressed in the interview that the advising work was done when he was a private citizen and denied favoring any company while in public office. Odebrecht reached a deal to sell H2Olmos to Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP and Suez SA a year ago. However, the sale has not closed. While the attorney general s office reopened a preliminary probe related to Odebrecht and Kuczynski a year ago, it has not accused Kuczynski of wrongdoing. ",1
12656,Iraq declares final victory over Islamic State,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared final victory over Islamic State on Saturday after Iraqi forces drove its last remnants from the country, three years after the militant group captured about a third of Iraq s territory. The announcement comes two days after the Russian military announced the defeat of the militants in neighboring Syria, where Moscow is backing Syrian government forces.  Iraqi forces recaptured the last areas still under Islamic State control along the border with Syria, the military said.  Honorable Iraqis: your land has been completely liberated. The dream of liberation is now a reality,  Abadi said in a televised address. He was speaking with five Iraqi flags and dozens of servicemen from different branches behind him.  We have accomplished a very difficult mission. Our heroes have reached the final strongholds of Daesh and purified it. The Iraqi flag flies high today over all Iraqi lands.  Daesh is an Arabic acronym for Islamic State, also known as ISIS. Several squadrons of Iraqi helicopters flew over Baghdad carrying Iraqi flags at noon, in an apparent rehearsal for a victory parade that Iraq is planning to hold in coming days. The government said the declaration meant Iraqi forces had secured the western desert and the entire Iraq-Syria border, and marked the end of the war against Islamic State.  Abadi declared Dec. 10 a national holiday to be celebrated every year. State television aired celebratory songs praising government forces and militias, and showed scenes of celebration on the streets of Baghdad and other provinces. The U.S.-led coalition that has been supporting the Iraqi forces against Islamic State welcomed the news, as did Brett McGurk, the U.S. Special Presidential Envoy to the coalition.  We congratulate the Prime Minister and all the Iraqi people on this significant achievement, which many thought impossible,  he said in a series of tweets.   We honor the sacrifices of the Iraqi people, its security forces, and the Kurdish Peshmerga, and admire the unity in their ranks that had made this day possible.  The U.S. State Department also issued a statement of congratulation. Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, fell in July after a grueling nine-month campaign backed by a U.S.-led coalition that saw much of the northern Iraqi city destroyed.  Islamic State s Syrian capital Raqqa also fell to a U.S.-backed Kurdish-led coalition in September. The forces fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria now expect a new phase of guerrilla warfare, a tactic the militants have already shown themselves capable of. Abadi said Iraq had entered  the post-victory over Daesh phase  and must be prepared for future threats.  Daesh s dream is over and we must erase all its effect and not allow terrorism to return. Despite announcing final victory, we must remain vigilant and prepared against any terrorist attempt on our country, for terrorism is an eternal enemy.  The war has had a devastating impact on the areas previously controlled by the militants. About 3.2 million people remain displaced, a U.N. statement said on Saturday. Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who in 2014 declared in Mosul the founding of a new Islamic caliphate in Iraq and Syria, released an audio recording on Sept. 28 indicating he was alive following several reports of his death. He urged his followers to keep up the fight despite setbacks. Baghdadi is believed to be hiding in the stretch of desert in the border area. His followers imposed a reign of terror on the populations they controlled, alienating even many of those Sunni Muslims who had supported the group as allies against the heavy-handed rule of the Shi ite majority-led government of the time.  The militants took thousands of women from the Yazidi minority, which lives in a mountain west of Mosul, as sex slaves and killed the men. Driven from Mosul and Raqqa, Islamic State was progressively squeezed this year into an ever-shrinking pocket of desert, straddling the frontier between the two countries, by enemies that include regional states and global powers. In Iraq, the group faced mainly U.S.-backed Iraqi government forces and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, and Iranian-trained Shi ite paramilitaries known as Popular Mobilisation. Abadi praised the Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF) and Iraq s top Shi ite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, whose fatwa calling volunteers to fight Islamic State led to PMF s creation. Still, the prime minister said the state should have a monopoly on the use of arms. Disarming the PMF is seen as Abadi s most difficult test after Islamic State s defeat.  Weapons should only be in the state s hands. The rule of law and respect for it are the way to build the state and achieve justice, equality, and stability,  he said. Abadi called for unity, which he said was the main reason for the victory, a reference to the contribution of different communities, including Sunni tribal fighters. However, Iraq faces a fresh internal conflict after it  retaliated economically and militarily against the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government for holding a referendum on independence despite Baghdad s opposition.  The joy of victory is complete with Iraq s unity after it was on the verge of division. The unity of Iraq and its people is the most important and greatest accomplishment,  he said. ",1
12657,Norway's Liberal Party seeks to join government,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norway s Liberal Party will launch formal negotiations to join the right-wing cabinet of Prime Minister Erna Solberg, it said on Saturday, although the government would still be ruling in a minority even if the small centrist group is included. Informal talks have taken place since the government won re-election in September, and bringing in the Liberals could give a boost to policies favoring small businesses, the environment and education.  We are going to give ourselves a chance ... to find a common platform we can agree on,  Liberal Party leader Trine Skei Grande told a meeting of her party in parliament on Saturday, adding it would be a  challenging and difficult  process. Adding the Liberals to the coalition of the Conservatives and the anti-immigration Progress Party could make day-to-day governing easier for Solberg, although she would still require backing from another small party, the Christian Democrats. The prime minister has sought to include both of the small centrist groups, but the Christian Democrats, which back Solberg on fiscal matters, have rejected the offer.  ",1
12658,Britain's foreign minister to meet Iran's president on Sunday: UK Foreign Office,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s foreign minister Boris Johnson is expected to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Sunday to discuss bilateral and regional issues, a UK Foreign Office official said on Saturday. Johnson held talks with his Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif and other officials in Tehran on Saturday, where he stressed Britain s support for Iran s 2015 nuclear deal with world powers and raised concerns about dual national consular cases between the countries. ",1
12659,Vietnam news agency apologizes over false report on prosecutions,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam s state-run news agency apologized on Saturday for issuing what it said was a false report that two more officials of state energy firm PetroVietnam were to be prosecuted over financial losses. The original report had also been carried on the government s official website. Vietnam News Agency said in a statement that it had apologized to Phung Dinh Thuc and Do Van Hau over the false report. It also apologized to their families and to police. The news agency said it had failed to verify its information  carefully enough  before publication. PetroVietnam is at the heart of a sweeping high-level corruption crackdown in the communist state. Former PetroVietnam chairman Dinh La Thang, 56, was arrested on Friday. The former member of Vietnam s politburo is the most senior executive arrested so far. Thang s brother, Dinh Manh Thang, former chairman of a PetroVietnam unit, was also arrested on allegations of violating state regulations on economic management. Government critics have voiced suspicions that the corruption crackdown is politically motivated, at least in part, and aimed against those close to former Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung, who lost out in an internal power struggle in 2016. The corruption crackdown made global headlines in August when Germany accused Vietnam of kidnapping former executive Trinh Xuan Thanh in Berlin to face trial over a separate case. ",1
12660,Pro-Palestinian march in Paris ahead of Netanyahu visit,"PARIS (Reuters) - Hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists on Saturday staged a protest in Paris against Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s planned visit to France on Sunday.  Protestors carried Palestinian flags and photos of French President Emmanuel Macron marked  accomplice  for hosting Netanyahu following the U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Netanyahu, who has welcomed Trump s move, will meet with Macron on Sunday ahead of a meeting with European Union foreign ministers in Brussels on Monday.  France said on Friday the United States had sidelined itself in the Middle East by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on French TV that the U.S. move went  against international law .   Trump says he has a project. Let him present it, so that this intervention can be wiped out by the restart of the peace process,  he said. Macron and Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan will work together to try to persuade the United States to reconsider the decision, a Turkish presidential source said on Saturday. France has been a supporter of the Palestinian cause. In 2014, the French National Assembly passed a non-binding motion calling on the government to recognize Palestine, but the government has not officially done so. ",1
12661,Lebanon's Hariri denounces Iraqi Shi'ite paramilitary's visit to border,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The head of an Iran-backed Iraqi Shi ite militia has visited Lebanon s border with Israel accompanied by Hezbollah fighters, a video released on Saturday showed, in a show of Iranian influence that Lebanon s prime minister called illegal. Qais al-Khazali, leader of the Iraqi paramilitary group Asaib Ahl al-Haq, declared his readiness  to stand together with the Lebanese people and the Palestinian cause , in the video footage widely circulating on social media. His appearance at the frontier is likely to be seen in the Middle East as an example of Tehran demonstrating its reach, and could add to tension in Lebanon, caught in a regional tussle between Iran and Saudi Arabia. Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri issued a statement saying the border visit by a paramilitary in uniform violated Lebanese law. He had instructed security chiefs to  prevent any person from carrying out activities of a military nature on the country s territory and to prevent any illegal actions , and barred Khazali from entering the country, it said.     Lebanon is still recovering from a crisis triggered a month ago, when Hariri announced his resignation while visiting Saudi Arabia, accusing Iran and Hezbollah of meddling in regional conflicts in violation of Lebanon s policy of non-intervention. Hariri returned to Lebanon two weeks later and withdrew his resignation last week, while his government restated its non-intervention policy. Hezbollah, a heavily armed Shi ite group that fights openly in Syria as an ally of Iran, serves in the power-sharing government with Hariri, a Sunni Muslim politician with deep business and political ties to Saudi Arabia. A commander in an alliance between Hezbollah, Iran and Russia, who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity, said al-Khazali was accompanied by officers from Asaib Ahl al-Haq and visited the entire border with  occupied Palestine . The commander did not say when the visit took place. In the video, an unidentified commander, presumably from Hezbollah, gestures toward military outposts in northern Israel and explains to Khazali that they were hit by Hezbollah missiles in previous confrontations between the group and Israel.  We are now on the border separating southern Lebanon with occupied Palestine with our brothers in Hezbollah, and announce our full preparedness to stand united...against the Israeli occupier,  Khazali says in the video.  Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said in June that any future war waged by Israel against Syria or Lebanon could draw in fighters from countries including Iran and Iraq. Iran s Revolutionary Guards, who established Hezbollah in Lebanon in 1982, have mobilized Shi ite militias from around the region in recent years. They have fought Islamic State in Iraq and helped President Bashar al-Assad in the war in Syria. ",1
12662,Libya and Italy to set up operations room to tackle migrant smuggling,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya s U.N.-backed government agreed with Italy on Saturday to establish a joint operations room for tackling migrant smugglers and traffickers as part of efforts to curb migrant flows toward Europe, according to a statement. Libya is the main gateway for migrants trying to cross to Europe by sea, though numbers have dropped sharply since July as Libyan factions and authorities have begun to block departures under Italian pressure. More than 600,000 have made the journey over the past four years. The agreement to set up the operations room was announced after a meeting in Tripoli between the head of the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA), Fayez Seraj, Libyan Interior Minister Aref Khodja, and his Italian counterpart Marco Minniti.  A statement from Seraj s office said the center would consist of  representatives from the coastguard, the illegal migration department, the Libyan attorney general and the intelligence services, along with their Italian counterparts.   No details were given on the location of the center and how it would operate. In the past, migrant smugglers have worked with impunity in western Libya, where the GNA has little authority over armed groups that have real power on the ground.  The Italian navy already has a presence in Tripoli port, providing  technical  assistance to Libya s coastguard, according to Italian and Libyan officials.  The coastguard, which is receiving funding and training from the European Union, has become more assertive in recent months in intercepting migrants and bringing them back to Libya. Activists have criticized the policy, since migrants often face extreme hardship and abuse in Libya, including forced labor. Migrants who are caught trying to cross to Italy are put in severely overcrowded detention centers authorized by the interior ministry. The GNA has said it is investigating reports of migrants being auctioned as slaves in Libya, after CNN broadcast footage appearing to show such auctions.   According to Saturday s statement, Seraj told Minniti that  despite the successes achieved in the migration file, the number of illegal immigrants outside shelters remains large and we need more cooperation, especially in securing the borders of southern Libya through which these migrants flow . ",1
12663,Palestinian President Abbas won't meet Pence in region: foreign minister,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will not meet U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during his visit to the region and there will be no communication between U.S. and Palestinian officials Foreign Minister Riyad Al-Maliki said on Saturday. Maliki comments were made before an Arab League meeting in Cairo to discuss President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and after Abbas said Washington could no longer be a peace broker.  We will seek a new mediator from our Arab brothers and the international community, a mediator who can help with reaching a two-state solution,  Maliki told reporters in Cairo. ",1
12664,Russia says it is fully committed to nuclear missile pact,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Saturday it was fully committed to a Cold War-era pact with the United States banning intermediate-range cruise missiles, a day after Washington accused Moscow of violating the treaty.  The U.S. State Department said on Friday Washington was reviewing military options, including new intermediate-range cruise missile systems, in response to what it said was Russia s ongoing violation of the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. The warning was the first response by President Donald Trump s administration to U.S. charges first leveled in 2014 that Russia had deployed a ground-launched cruise missile that breaches the pact s ban on testing and fielding missiles with ranges of 500-5,500 kms (310-3,417 miles). Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said those allegations were  absolutely unfounded .  They are not supported by the technical characteristics of the launch installation which allegedly does not comply with the treaty, or by flight telemetry data. Nothing. And it is understandable why - because it simply does not exist,  he said in written comments published by the foreign ministry. Echoing previous Russian statements, Ryabkov said Moscow was fully committed to the treaty, had always rigorously complied with it, and was prepared to continue doing so.  However, if the other side stops following it, we will be forced, as President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin has already said, to respond in kind,  he added. The U.S. allegation has further strained relations between Moscow and Washington, and the State Department on Friday hinted at possible economic sanctions over the issue. Washington has already sanctioned Russian entities and individuals, including people close to Putin, for Moscow s 2014 seizure of Crimea from Ukraine and its alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. The Kremlin has repeatedly denied interfering in the election. Ryabkov said the  attempts to frighten us with sanctions  were laughable.  It s time for American politicians and diplomats to understand that economic and military pressure on Russia will not work,  he said. (This version of the story has been refiled to clarify in paragraph 2 that it is U.S. administration, not State Department, reviewing military options) ",1
12665,"Nobel peace laureate group tells U.S., North Korea to negotiate","OSLO (Reuters) - A survivor of the Hiroshima atomic bombing and the leader of the group that won this year s Nobel Peace Prize on Saturday urged the United States and North Korea to tone down their rhetoric and negotiate together to avoid a nuclear strike. Tensions have risen markedly in recent months over North Korea s development, in defiance of repeated rounds of U.N. sanctions, of nuclear-tipped missiles capable of reaching the United States. A missile test last week prompted a U.S. warning that North Korea s leadership would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out. The Pentagon has mounted repeated shows of force after North Korean tests. The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) was awarded this year s Nobel Peace Prize by a Nobel committee that cited the spread of nuclear weapons by countries like North Korea and the growing risk of an atomic war.  Graphic of Nobel laureates: tmsnrt.rs/2y6ATVW Setsuko Thurlow, an 85-year-old survivor of the Hiroshima bombing on Aug. 6, 1945, and Beatrice Fihn, ICAN s executive director, will receive the prize together on Sunday at Oslo City Hall in front of King Harald and Queen Sonja.   No human being should suffer what we suffered,  Thurlow, who was 13 at the time of the attack and is now an ICAN campaigner, told reporters on Saturday.   I deeply and strongly urge the leaders of North Korea and the U.S. never to use nuclear weapons ... Negotiate.   A diplomatic solution is the only solution.  ICAN s Fihn said that the risk of a nuclear war had increased over the past year.  There is an urgent threat right now,  she told reporters.  I would very strongly urge the leaders (of North Korea and the U.S.) to back down from their very dangerous rhetoric. Stop threatening to use weapons of mass destruction. Engage in a diplomatic solution.  ICAN is a coalition of grassroots non-governmental groups in more than 100 nations that began in Australia. It has campaigned for a U.N. Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, which was adopted by 122 nations in July.  It needs to be ratified by 50 states to come into force. So far only three have done so: the Holy See, Thailand and Guyana. The treaty is not signed by - and would not apply to - any of the states that already have nuclear arms, which include the U.S., Russia, China, Britain and France, as well as India, Pakistan and North Korea.       Israel is also widely assumed to have nuclear weapons, although it neither confirms nor denies it. The U.S., Britain and France are sending second-rank diplomats to the award ceremony, which Fihn said was  some kind of protest .    ",1
12666,Erdogan and Macron to urge U.S. to turn back on Jerusalem decision: sources,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s Tayyip Erdogan and France s Emmanuel Macron will work together to try to persuade the United States to reconsider its decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, a Turkish presidential source said on Saturday. The two leaders agreed during a phone call that the move is worrisome for the region, the source said, adding that Turkey and France would make a joint effort to try to reverse the U.S. decision. Erdogan also spoke on the phone to the presidents of Kazakhstan, Lebanon and Azerbaijan on Saturday regarding the issue, the source said. On Wednesday, he called an urgent meeting of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation in Turkey next week. President Donald Trump s announcement on Wednesday has upset U.S. allies in the West. At the United Nations, France, Italy, Germany, Britain and Sweden called on the United States to  bring forward detailed proposals for an Israeli-Palestinian settlement . Palestinians took to the streets following the U.S. decision. Demonstrations also took place in Iran, Jordan, Tunisia, Somalia, Yemen, Malaysia and Indonesia, and outside the U.S. embassy in Berlin. The status of Jerusalem has been one of the biggest obstacles to a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians for generations. France has been a supporter of the Palestinian cause. In 2014, the French National Assembly passed a non-binding motion calling on the government to recognize Palestine, but the government has not officially done so.  Paris has pointed out in the past its conviction that a two-state solution requires the recognition of Palestine. ",1
12667,Egypt's Coptic Church rejects meeting with Pence over Jerusalem move,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s Coptic Church has rejected a meeting requested by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during his visit later this month in protest against Washington s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, MENA state news agency reported on Saturday. The Church  excused itself from hosting Mike Pence  when he visits Egypt, citing President Donald Trump s decision  at an unsuitable time and without consideration for the feelings of millions of people , MENA said. ",1
12668,"Kenyan lecturers end strike, say deal reached with government","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Lecturers in Kenya s public universities ended a strike on Saturday after reaching agreement with the government over pay and other issues, according to a statement from their union. They had gone on strike at the beginning of November in protest at the government s failure to implement a March deal to increase salaries and housing allowance.  In their statement the lecturers said they had struck a broad agreement with the government on a range of issues including negotiations on better pay, clearing outstanding pensions, and a pledge not to victimize anyone for participating in the strike.   We have now achieved the objectives of our strike. The strike is over,  the statement said. Strikes by public workers in the East African country have grown in frequency in recent years, often fueled by grievances over pay.    ",1
12669,Germany's Gabriel denies report he is eyeing finance minister post,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Saturday denied a report that said the Social Democrat, whose party has agreed to enter talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a coalition, was eyeing the post of finance minister. News magazine Der Spiegel reported that Gabriel had recently told senior members of his SPD party that he was interested in becoming German finance minister if the SPD agreed to a re-run of the current  grand coalition  with Merkel s conservatives.  What Spiegel is writing is sheer nonsense,  Gabriel told Deutschlandfunk radio.  I m in a caretaker government and no one knows what the next government will look like.  More than two months after a national election, Germany has not managed to form a new government, so the conservative coalition from the last legislative period is still in power. Merkel, who lost many supporters to the far-right in September s election, is banking on the SPD to extend her 12-year tenure after attempts to cobble together an awkward three-way alliance with the liberal Free Democrats and environmentalist Greens crumbled. If the SPD were to agree to another  grand coalition  - an option that the SPD says is by no means a foregone conclusion - and demand the finance ministry, it would likely result in changes to Germany s European policy such as more focus on spending and investment rather than austerity. Wolfgang Schaeuble, who was Germany s conservative finance minister until he took on the role of president in October, became unpopular among struggling euro zone states during his eight years in office due to his focus on austerity. SPD leader Martin Schulz said on Thursday that Europe could not afford to undergo another four years of the kind of European policy that Schaeuble had practiced. ",1
12670,Britons can change terms of Brexit to diverge from EU: pro-Brexit minister Gove,"LONDON (Reuters) - British voters will be able to change the terms of the country s relationship with the European Union after leaving the bloc if they don t like the final Brexit deal, senior cabinet minister and pro-Brexit lawmaker Michael Gove said on Saturday. Britain and the EU achieved  sufficient progress  in Brexit negotiations on Friday to allow them to move on to discussing future trade ties, in a move welcomed by Gove and other Brexit supporters in Prime Minister Theresa May s Conservative Party. However, while Gove, who is Britain s environment minister, reiterated his support for May, he gave succour to critics of the deal by saying that if Britons were dissatisfied with the terms of Brexit, future governments could change it.   The British people will be in control. By the time of the next election, EU law and any new treaty with the EU will cease to have primacy or direct effect in UK law,  Gove wrote in a column in the Daily Telegraph.  If the British people dislike the arrangement that we have negotiated with the EU, the agreement will allow a future government to diverge.  Britain is due to exit the EU in March 2019. The next election is not scheduled until 2022, though there has been speculation in British media that it could come earlier, given May s lack of a parliamentary majority and deep divisions within her party about Brexit. Some eurosceptic voices outside the government have said that May has betrayed British  leave  voters and given in to EU demands with the agreement.  It has been a tough week for May after Northern Ireland s small Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) - whose support she needs in parliament - unexpectedly blocked an initial deal on Monday, leaving Britain and the EU scrambling to find wording acceptable to all sides ahead of next week s summit of EU leaders. While agreement was eventually reached on Friday, Gove said that all UK proposals were provisional on a final deal being done, and even then, that arrangement could be revisited by future governments. Matthew Parris, an anti-Brexit columnist and former Conservative lawmaker, told BBC radio that Gove might envisage a situation in which he would be spearheading a new approach to Brexit.  But Gove, who was briefly in the running to lead the party last year, praised May on Saturday, and said the deal was a result of her  tenacity and skill .  Fellow pro-Brexit cabinet colleague Andrea Leadsom defended his comments, saying it did not imply that May would be replaced before the next election.  It s simply the case that in taking back control (from Brussels)... it will be for the voters to determine what future governments do,  Leadsom told BBC radio.  I think it is a statement of the obvious.   ",1
12671,Zimbabwe names diplomat Isaac Moyo as top spy,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe has named a former diplomat as the head of its intelligence agency, state-owned newspaper The Herald said on Saturday. Isaac Moyo, who was serving as an ambassador to neighboring South Africa and Lesotho, replaces retired army general Happyton Bonyongwe, the paper quoted chief secretary to the president, Misheck Sibanda, as saying. No one was immediately available to comment in President Emmerson Mnangagwa s office. The Herald is a mouthpiece for the government. Moyo takes over a domestic spy network, the Central Intelligence Organisation, that permeates every institution and section of society and has been used by former President Robert Mugabe to stay in power. He has served as a member of the African Union s Committee of Intelligence and Security Services of Africa (CISSA),  intelligence provider to the union s 55 states. Mnangagwa, who was sworn in two weeks ago in the wake of the de facto military coup that ended Mugabe s 37-year rule, has been ringing in changes in his administration including appointing leading military officials to top posts in his cabinet.  ",1
12672,UAE's Gargash says Trump's decision on Jerusalem is 'gift to radicalism',"MANAMA (Reuters) - A senior United Arab Emirates (UAE) official said on Saturday that U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel was a boon to extremists.  These issues are a gift to radicalism. Radicals and extremists will use that to fan the language of hate,  said Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash, speaking at the Manama Dialogue security conference in Bahrain. ",1
12673,Czech PM designate: EU should not push us over migrants - paper,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The designated Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis said that the European Union should not push Czechs over their refusal to shelter asylum-seekers, because it could strengthen extremist parties in the country. The European Union s executive will sue Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic in the bloc s top court for their refusal to host asylum-seekers, Brussels said on Thursday. Babis, whose government is due to be appointed by President Milos Zeman on Dec. 13, repeated his country s stance on migrants.  The (European) Commission can withdraw the charge at any moment. We have to negotiate on this and to offer different models, like guarding the borders or help to other countries. But we don t want any refugees,  Babis said in an interview published on Saturday by the Pravo daily paper.  He will represent his country at the EU summit on Dec. 14 and Dec. 15, where European leaders will discuss migration. The Czechs have declined to shelter asylum-seekers despite an overall drop in arrivals due to tighter borders and projects beyond the EU s frontiers to discourage migration to Europe. The European Court of Justice (ECJ) cases could lead to financial penalties but may take months, or years, to conclude. Babis said that by pushing on with the case, the EU might embolden extremist elements.  The EU has to understand, that if it won t listen to our proposals, then the influence of extremist parties like (Germany s) AfD or (Czech) SPD will grow, whose strategy actually is to destroy the EU,  he said. Despite his ANO party winning the parliamentary election by a landslide in October, it is unclear whether Babis will be able to win a confidence vote for his government by mid-January as required by the constitution. He also faces the threat of prosecution in connection with his business interests. The far-right, anti-EU and anti-NATO SPD party and the Communists have lent ANO support in several initial votes in parliament in return for committee posts for their members, raising the prospect that they may have some kind of agreement to back ANO. But Babis reiterated in the Pravo interview that there was no deal in place and he would talk to all parties to either back the cabinet or abstain from the vote to help ANO win.   ",1
12674,"Two dead in 'Day of Rage' over Jerusalem, Palestinian president defiant","JERUSALEM/GAZA (Reuters) - At least two people were killed in clashes with Israeli troops on Friday when thousands of Palestinians demonstrated against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and the Palestinian president said Washington could no longer be a peace broker. Across the Arab and Muslim worlds, thousands more protesters took to the streets on the Muslim holy day to express solidarity with the Palestinians and outrage at Trump s reversal of decades of U.S. policy. Israeli soldiers shot dead a Palestinian man near the Gaza border, the first confirmed death in two days of unrest. Scores of people were wounded on the  Day of Rage . A second person later died of their wounds, a Gaza hospital official said. The Israeli army said hundreds of Palestinians were rolling burning tyres and throwing rocks at soldiers across the border.  During the riots IDF soldiers fired selectively towards two main instigators and hits were confirmed,  it said. More than 80 Palestinians were wounded in the occupied West Bank and Gaza by Israeli live fire and rubber bullets, according to the Palestinian Red Crescent ambulance service. Dozens more suffered from tear gas inhalation. Thirty-one were wounded on Thursday. As Friday prayers ended at the Al Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem, worshippers made their way toward the walled Old City gates, chanting  Jerusalem is ours, Jerusalem is our capital  and  We don t need empty words, we need stones and Kalashnikovs . Scuffles broke out between protesters and police. In Hebron, Bethlehem and Nablus, dozens of Palestinians threw stones at Israeli soldiers who fired back with tear gas. In Gaza, controlled by the Islamist group Hamas, calls for worshippers to protest sounded over mosque loudspeakers. Hamas has called for a new Palestinian uprising like the  intifadas  of 1987-1993 and 2000-2005, which together saw thousands of Palestinians and more than 1,000 Israelis killed.  Whoever moves his embassy to occupied Jerusalem will become an enemy of the Palestinians and a target of Palestinian factions,  said Hamas leader Fathy Hammad as protesters in Gaza burned posters of Trump.  We declare an intifada until the liberation of Jerusalem and all of Palestine.  Protests largely died down as night fell. Rocket sirens sounded in southern Israeli towns near the Gaza border, and the Israeli military said it had intercepted one of at least two  projectiles fired from Gaza. No casualties were reported. Al Aqsa Martyrs  Brigade, a militant group linked to Abbas s Fatah party, claimed responsibility for firing one of the rockets, and said it was in protest against Trump s decision. The military said another rocket hit the Israeli town of Sderot. No casualties were reported. Israel s military said that in response to the rocket fire, its aircraft bombed militant targets in Gaza and the Palestinian Health Ministry said at least 25 people were wounded in the strikes, including six children. The Israeli military said it had carried out the strikes on a militant training camp and on a weapons depot. Witnesses said most of the wounded were residents of a building near the camp.  At the United Nations, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Washington still had credibility as a mediator.  The United States has credibility with both sides. Israel will never be, and should never be, bullied into an agreement by the United Nations, or by any collection of countries that have proven their disregard for Israel s security,  Haley told the U.N. Security Council. But Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas appeared defiant.  We reject the American decision over Jerusalem. With this position the United States has become no longer qualified to sponsor the peace process,  Abbas said in a statement. He did not elaborate further. France, Italy, Germany, Britain and Sweden called on the United States to  bring forward detailed proposals for an Israeli-Palestinian settlement . Trump s announcement on Wednesday has infuriated the Arab world and upset Western allies. The status of Jerusalem has been one of the biggest obstacles to a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians for generations. Israel considers all of Jerusalem to be its capital. Palestinians want the eastern part of the city as the capital of a future independent state of their own. Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in the 1967 Middle East War, to be occupied territory. It includes the Old City, home to sites considered holy to Muslims, Jews and Christians alike. For decades, Washington, like most of the rest of the international community, held back from recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital, saying its status should be determined as part of the Palestinian-Israeli peace process. No other country has an embassy there. The Trump administration argues that the peace process has become moribund, and outdated policies need to be jettisoned for the sides in the conflict to make progress. Trump has also noted that Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton all promised as candidates to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn t!  Trump tweeted on Friday with a video montage of campaign speeches on the issue by his three predecessors. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday it would still be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to hammer out all other issues surrounding the city in future talks.  With respect to the rest of Jerusalem, the president ... did not indicate any final status for Jerusalem. He was very clear that the final status, including the borders, would be left to the two parties to negotiate and decide.  Still, some Muslim countries view the Trump administration s motives with particular suspicion. As a candidate he proposed banning all Muslims from entering the United States, and in office he has tried to block entry by citizens of several Muslim-majority states. In Ramallah, the seat of Abbas s Palestinian Authority, the leader s religious affairs adviser said Trump s stance was an affront to Islam and Christianity alike.  America has chosen to elect a president who has put it in enmity with all Muslims and Christians,  said Mahmoud al-Habbash. In Iran, which has never recognized Israel and supports anti-Israel militants, demonstrators burned pictures of Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu while chanting  Death to the Devil . In Cairo, capital of Egypt, a U.S. ally which has a peace treaty with Israel, hundreds of protesters who had gathered in Al-Azhar mosque and outside in its courtyard chanted  Jerusalem is Arab! O Trump, you madman, the Arab people are everywhere!  Al Azhar s Imam, Sheikh Ahmed al-Tayeb, rejected an invitation to meet U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. Large demonstrations also took place in Jordan, Tunisia, Somalia, Yemen, Malaysia and Indonesia, and hundreds protested outside the U.S. embassy in Berlin. France said the United States had sidelined itself in the Middle East.  The reality is they are alone and isolated on this issue,  Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said. ",1
12675,Honduras opposition parties ask for disputed election to be annulled,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduras  two main opposition parties on Friday presented formal requests to annul the results of the still-unresolved presidential election, deepening a political crisis that has roiled the poor, violent Central American nation. The Nov. 26 vote has been marred by accusations of electoral fraud, sparking protests, a widespread curfew and a growing chorus of international concern over the situation in Honduras, which has one of the world s highest murder rates.  Opposition leader Salvador Nasralla, who trails conservative President Juan Orlando Hernandez by 1.6 percentage points according to the widely criticized official count, arrived at the election tribunal shortly before the midnight deadline to present his center-left coalition s request.   We re asking for the result to be declared null at the presidential level, due to the scandalous fraud we have discovered,  Nasralla said.  Earlier, Octavio Pineda, the secretary of the third-placed Liberal Party, presented a similar document, saying the vote should be annulled due to a violation of constitutional norms.  There have been violations since the president of the republic was allowed to participate in the electoral process when the constitution prohibited it,  Pineda said. The Liberal Party s candidate, Luis Zelaya, has repeatedly said Nasralla won the election. Hernandez s bid for a second term, which was made possible by a 2015 Supreme Court decision on term limits, divided opinion in the coffee-exporting nation of 9 million people. The election has been plagued with problems since voting stations closed.  The tribunal declared Nasralla the leader in an announcement on the morning after the vote, with just over half of the ballot boxes counted. However, it gave no further updates for about 36 hours. Once results then started flowing again, Nasralla s lead quickly started narrowing, sparking a major outcry.  On Thursday, tribunal chief David Matamoros said there would be a re-count of 4,753 ballot boxes that arrived after the 36-hour pause, and which the opposition has claimed are tainted. The OAS, which on Wednesday said it may call for new  elections if  irregularities  undermine the credibility of results, had previously called for a recount of those 4,753 ballot boxes.  Marlon Ochoa, Nasralla s campaign manager, reiterated that the coalition wants a full recount of the complete 18,000-odd ballot boxes. On Wednesday, Nasralla said he no longer recognized the Honduran tribunal because of its role in the process. The tribunal has 10 days to respond to the requests.  ",1
12676,Indians vote in first stage of election seen as acid test for Modi,"SURENDRANAGAR, India (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Indians voted in the first stage of assembly elections in the western state of Gujarat on Saturday, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi faces his toughest electoral test since coming to power with a landslide victory in 2014. Modi has himself led the campaign to ensure that his Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) retains power in his home state, as a combined opposition mounted the biggest challenge ahead of the general election in 2019.   Three big polls carried out in the run-up to the vote on Saturday and next week have predicted a victory for BJP but with a greatly reduced majority. Voters started turning up early in the morning and some had to wait for about 15 minutes due to a malfunction in the electronic voting machine. In the first few hours, more than 15 percent of voters in Surendranagar district cast their ballot, according to state government officials. An ABP-CDS poll this week gave the BJP 91-99 seats in the 182-member state house and the main opposition Congress 78-86, suggesting a close fight. To win, a party needs 92 seats.   The surveys have often gone wrong, though, and Modi himself remains far more popular across the country than his rivals, including Rahul Gandhi who is leading the Congress charge to weaken Modi in his home base.   Votes from the election will be counted on Dec. 18 and the results announced the same day.   In the first stage of state assembly elections on Saturday, 977 candidates are trying their luck in 89 constituencies spread across 19 districts of Gujarat, according to the Election Commission. More than 21 million people will vote during the first stage of the election on Saturday. Modi has thrown himself into the campaign, addressing dozens of rallies over the past month, saying he alone could deliver on development. Gujarati businesses, which form the core of Modi s support base, have complained that the Goods and Services Tax introduced this year and late last year s shock move to abolish 500 and 1,000 rupee bank notes, accounting for 86 percent of cash in circulation, aggravated already tough economic conditions. Hindu-majority Gujarat is one of India s richest and fastest growing states but also one of its most communally divided. About 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, were killed after a wave of riots rocked Gujarat in 2002, when Modi was chief minister. A Supreme Court investigation found no case against Modi, who denied any wrongdoing. ",1
12677,Nepal leftist alliance appears heading for election victory,"KATHMANDU (Reuters) - A leftist alliance between Nepal s former Maoist rebels and moderate communists appeared to be heading for a victory in elections aimed at completing a transition to democracy after the abolition of the monarchy and end to civil war. Early tallies from Thursday s vote show the leftists lead in 63 out of 80 constituencies where counting has begun. Nepal has seen 10 government changes in as many years. Instability has given rise to corruption, retarded growth and slowed recovery from a 2015 earthquake that killed 9,000 people. The election pits the centrist Nepali Congress party of Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba, who heads a loose alliance that includes the Madhesi parties from Nepal s southern plains and former royalists, against the tight-knit alliance of former Maoists and the moderate Communist UML party. The Nepali Congress party is considered a pro-India group, while the opposition alliance is seen as closer to China. Nepal is a natural buffer between the two and the outcome could indicate whether China or India gets the upper hand in the battle for influence in a nation rich in hydropower and home to Mount Everest. Nepal emerged from a civil war in 2006 and abolished its 239-year-old Hindu monarchy two years later. Guna Raj Luintel, editor of the daily Nagarik, said it was almost certain the leftist alliance would win.  Trends so far suggest they could win a two-thirds majority. If that happened, that will be a landslide win,  Luintel said. There are 165 seats to be decided on a first-past-the-post basis for which voting was held on Thursday with another 110 seats decided by proportional representation. Few results are in from the southern plains, home to nearly half of the population, and communists are thought to have weaker support there. Final results of the election, Nepal s first under its republican constitution approved by a special Constituent Assembly in 2015, could take around 10 days due to cumbersome counting procedures. ",1
12678,Vietnam police arrest ex-politburo member over misconduct,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnamese police on Friday arrested a former top Communist Party official suspected of misconduct while he was chairman of the main state energy firm, the first former politburo member to face prosecution in decades. Police issued arrest and prosecution orders for Dinh La Thang, 56, for suspected  violation of state regulations on economic management, causing serious consequences , the Ministry of Public Security said on its website.     Thang is the most senior official so far caught up in a widespread crackdown on fraud in the energy and banking sectors, which has gathered pace since the security establishment gained greater influence in the party last year. Police are investigating two cases related to Thang s tenure as chairman of state oil and gas firm PetroVietnam that involved a loss of investment in local Ocean Bank and suspected wrongdoing at a PetroVietnam subsidiary, PetroVietnam Construction Joint Stock Corp (PVC) (PVX.HN), police said. Thang was not available for comment. The corruption crackdown made global headlines in August when Germany accused Vietnam of kidnapping Trinh Xuan Thanh, a former chairman of PVC, in Berlin after he applied for asylum there. The party has said it aimed to let Thanh go on trial next month. Government critics have voiced suspicions that the corruption crackdown is politically motivated, at least in part, and aimed against those close to former prime minister Nguyen Tan Dung, who lost out in an internal power struggle in 2016.  This development represents a major event in Vietnamese politics and reflects a concerted effort by those in the commanding heights of the party to rein in and prosecute instances of large scale corruption and serious cases of malfeasance among high ranking party and state officials,  said Vietnam expert Jonathan London of Leiden University. Thang was dismissed from the politburo after the Communist Party found him responsible for financial losses at PetroVietnam. It also stripped him of his role as party head of Ho Chi Minh City to penalise him further.  Prosecuting a former politburo member in the one-party state is not unprecedented. In 1979, a former politburo official, Hoang Van Hoan, was handed a death sentence in absentia after he had fled the country. On Friday, police also issued an arrest order for Nguyen Quoc Khanh, a former chairman of PetroVietnam. In September, another former PetroVietnam chairman was sentenced to death for embezzlement among other crimes. Khanh was also temporarily dismissed from his current role at the trade ministry on Friday, the ministry said in a statement. ",1
12679,Mexico right-left coalition presents bid to run in 2018 election,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s newest political force formally emerged on Friday when a right-left coalition presented its official request with the electoral institute to compete in next year s presidential election.  The coalition, known as  For Mexico in Front,  brings together the conservative National Action Party (PAN), the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) and the Citizens Movement party.  The coalition will compete against the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), and leftist frontrunner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, of the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA), in next July s vote. President Enrique Pena Nieto is constitutionally barred from running again. With the formalizing of the coalition, the contours of the election are beginning to take shape. Nonetheless, it remains to be seen who  For Mexico in Front  will pick as its candidate.  PAN president Ricardo Anaya is seen as the most likely figure, although Mexico City s PRD Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera is also seen as a contender. Former Mexican first lady Margarita Zavala broke with the PAN in October in order to run as an independent.  Last week, Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade resigned to seek the presidential nomination of the PRI, which has broken with tradition by seeking outside help to clean up its tarnished image and stay in office for another six years. The PRI faces an uphill battle to reclaim the presidency, and is banking on Meade, who is not a PRI member and has a reputation for honesty, to win over voters tired by years of graft, violence and lackluster growth.  ",1
12680,European states push U.S. for detailed Middle East peace proposals,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Britain, France, Germany, Sweden and Italy called on the United States on Friday to put forward detailed proposals for peace between Israel and the Palestinians and described as  unhelpful  a decision by President Donald Trump to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Trump s reversal of decades of U.S. policy on Wednesday sparked a Palestinian  day of rage  on Friday. Thousands of Palestinians demonstrated, scores were hurt and at least one was killed in clashes with Israeli troops. Amid anger in the Arab world and concern among Washington s Western allies, the United Nations Security Council met on Friday at the request of eight of the 15 members - Britain, France, Sweden, Bolivia, Uruguay, Italy, Senegal and Egypt. In a joint statement after the meeting, Britain, France, Germany, Sweden and Italy said the U.S. decision, which includes plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, was  unhelpful in terms of prospects for peace in the region.   We stand ready to contribute to all credible efforts to restart the peace process, on the basis of internationally agreed parameters, leading to a two-State solution,  they said.  We encourage the U.S. Administration to now bring forward detailed proposals for an Israel-Palestinian settlement.   Egypt s U.N. Ambassador Amr Aboulatta said the U.S. decision would have  a grave, negative impact  on the peace process. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said the Washington has credibility as a mediator with both Israel and the Palestinians and accused the United Nations of damaging rather than advancing peace prospects with unfair attacks on Israel.     Israel will never be, and should never be, bullied into an agreement by the United Nations, or by any collection of countries that have proven their disregard for Israel s security,  Haley said. Haley said Trump was committed to the peace process and that the United States had not taken a position on Jerusalem s borders or boundaries and was not advocating any changes to the arrangements at the holy sites.  Our actions are intended to help advance the cause of peace,  she said.  We believe we might be closer to that goal than ever before.   Earlier on Friday, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said during a news conference in Paris that any final decision on the status of Jerusalem would depend on negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians.  United Nations Middle East envoy Nickolay Mladenov warned there was a risk of violent escalation.    There is a serious risk today that we may see a chain of unilateral actions, which can only push us further away from achieving our shared goal of peace,  Mladenov told the U.N. Security Council.  Israel considers all of Jerusalem to be its capital. Palestinians want the eastern part of the city as the capital of a future independent state of their own.  Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in the 1967 Middle East War, to be occupied territory, including the Old City, home to sites considered holy to Muslims, Jews and Christians alike. A U.N. Security Council resolution adopted in December last year  underlines that it will not recognize any changes to the 4 June 1967 lines, including with regard to Jerusalem, other than those agreed by the parties through negotiations.  That resolution was approved with 14 votes in favor and an abstention by former U.S. President Barack Obama s administration, which defied heavy pressure from long-time ally Israel and Trump, who was then president-elect, for Washington to wield its veto. ",1
12681,"U.S. envoy for North Korean affairs travels to Japan, Thailand","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. envoy for North Korea will travel to Japan and Thailand next week to discuss how to increase pressure on Pyongyang after its latest ballistic missile test, the U.S. State Department said on Friday. North Korea, formally called the Democratic People s Republic of Korea (DPRK), last week tested its most powerful intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), saying the device could reach all of the United States. Joseph Yun, the U.S. special representative for North Korea policy, will travel to Japan and Thailand Dec. 11-15 to meet government officials  to discuss ways to strengthen the pressure campaign following the DPRK s latest ballistic missile test,  the State Department said in a brief written statement.  The United States looks forward to continuing its partnership with both these nations so that the DPRK will return to credible talks on denuclearization,  it added. Tensions have risen markedly in recent months over North Korea s development, in defiance of repeated rounds of U.N. sanctions, of nuclear-tipped missiles capable of reaching the United States. Last week s missile test prompted a U.S. warning that North Korea s leadership would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out. The Pentagon has mounted repeated shows of force after North Korean tests. The United States has sent mixed signals about its interest in talks with the North, with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson saying that Washington was pursuing such contacts but President Trump tweeting that this was a waste of time. ",1
12682,North Korea says U.N. envoy expressed willingness to ease tensions,"SEOUL (Reuters) - U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman, who visited North Korea this week, expressed willingness to ease tension on the Korean peninsula, state media said on Saturday, amid a rising war of words over the North s missile and nuclear programs.  North Korea also said in a statement carried by its official KCNA news agency that the U.N. envoy acknowledged the negative impact of sanctions on humanitarian aid to North Korea. Feltman, the highest-level U.N. official to visit North Korea since 2012, was not immediately available for comment.  The United Nations expressed concerns over the heightened situation on the Korean peninsula and expressed willingness to work on easing tensions on the Korean peninsula in accordance with the U.N. Charter which is based on international peace and security,  KCNA said. North Korea is pursuing nuclear and missile weapons programmes in defiance of U.N. sanctions and international condemnation. On Nov. 29, it test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile which it said was its most advanced yet, capable of reaching the mainland United States.   The United States and South Korea conducted large-scale military drills this week, which the North said have made the outbreak of war  an established fact . KCNA said North Korean officials and Feltman agreed that his visit helped deepen understanding and that they agreed to communicate regularly.  Feltman visited Pyongyang from Tuesday to Saturday, KCNA said. Last month s missile test prompted a U.S. warning that North Korea s leadership would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out. The Pentagon has mounted repeated shows of force after North Korean tests.  North Korea regularly threatens to destroy South Korea and the United States and says its weapons programmes are necessary to counter U.S. aggression. The United States stations 28,500 troops in the South, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War. ",1
12683,Japan arrests North Korean crew amid mystery boat arrivals,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese police arrested three crew of a North Korean boat on Saturday for stealing a generator from a hut on an uninhabited island, public broadcaster NHK said, the latest drama amid increasing arrivals of North Korean fishing boats off Japan. The boats, some in distress, some abandoned and some with dead bodies on board, have raised fears about infiltration by spies as tension with North Korea surges over its missile and nuclear programs. North Korea has test-fired two missiles over Japan, a country it has threatened to destroy. Most experts say the wooden boats are just carrying fishermen including soldiers drafted to fish. There has been no suggestion the crew are defectors. A boat, with 10 crew on board, was found moored at the island, off Hokkaido, last month and several crew said they picked up electronic goods from the hut, according to NHK. Police arrested three of them for theft and other crew members will be sent to the Immigration Bureau, NHK said. Hokkaido police were not immediately available to comment. A spokesman at the Japan coast guard declined to comment. There were 28 cases of boats adrift off Japan or grounded on its shores in November, the coast guard has said, compared with just four in November last year. ",1
12684,Uber agrees to settle U.S. lawsuit filed by India rape victim,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc and a woman who accused top executives of improperly obtaining her medical records after a company driver raped her in India have agreed to settle a civil lawsuit the woman filed against Uber in June, according to a U.S. federal court filing on Friday. The Uber driver was convicted of the rape, which occurred in Delhi in 2014, in a criminal case in India. He was sentenced in 2015 to life in prison. The Indian woman had previously settled a civil U.S. lawsuit against Uber in 2015, but sued the company again in a San Francisco federal court saying that shortly after the incident, a U.S. Uber executive  met with Delhi police and intentionally obtained plaintiff s confidential medical records.  Uber kept a copy of those records, the lawsuit said. The woman was living in the United States when she filed the lawsuit. Terms of the settlement were not disclosed in the court document. A spokesman for San Francisco-based Uber declined to comment. An attorney for the woman could not immediately be reached for comment. The settlement comes as new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi, who took the top job in August, is seeking to put several scandals behind the company following eight years of CEO Travis Kalanick s pugnacious leadership, which led to rule-breaking around the world.  The lawsuit cited several media reports that said Kalanick and others doubted the victim s account of her ordeal.   Uber executives duplicitously and publicly decried the rape, expressing sympathy for plaintiff, and shock and regret at the violent attack, while privately speculating, as outlandish as it is, that she had colluded with a rival company to harm Uber s business,  the lawsuit said. A source with knowledge of the matter previously told Reuters that Kalanick had told other Uber executives he believed the incident had been staged by Indian ride-services rival Ola. In a prior statement, while Kalanick was CEO, Uber said:  No one should have to go through a horrific experience like this, and we re truly sorry that she s had to relive it.  A spokesman for Kalanick was not immediately available for comment on Friday. Uber s actions have led to a criminal probe by the U.S. Department of Justice of whether managers violated U.S. bribery laws, specifically the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the company said in June. The Justice Department did not say on what country or countries the investigation centered on. Bloomberg said it focused on activity in at least five Asian countries. Uber has also notified U.S. authorities about payments made by Uber staff to police officers in Indonesia, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters. Uber previously hired law firm O Melveny & Myers LLP to investigate how it obtained the medical records of the rape victim, Reuters reported in June. ",1
12685,Mexican president asks Senate to broaden discussion over security bill,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on Friday asked Senate lawmakers to include civil society s views in their discussion of a divisive bill that critics say would give the military greater powers and deepen its role in the country s drug war. The bill, which enjoys cross-partisan support, aims to regulate federal defense forces  involvement in the drug war, which has claimed well over 100,000 lives in the last decade.  But the United Nations, Amnesty International and Mexican human rights organization have all criticized the bill for prioritizing the military instead of seeking to improve Mexico s police. Pena Nieto s unusual comments reflect the growing international pressure his government has come under over.  I d like to make a call to the Senate to broaden the space for dialogue with civil society organizations in order to hear all voices and enrich what will eventually be decided,  the president said at a human rights event in Mexico City. The bill has already passed the lower house, and is due to be discussed in the Senate next week, but could potentially be delayed in the wake of Pena Nieto s comments. Lawmakers who support the bill say it will give clear rules that limit the use of soldiers to fight crime. However, rights campaigners worry the law opens the door to military intervention in protests, as well as expanding military powers to spy on citizens. It is opposed by the party of leftist presidential frontrunner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, which has only a handful of senators. The bill comes during a particularly violent year, with the 2017 murder tally almost certain to be the highest since modern records began twenty years ago.  ",1
12686,"In push for Yemen aid, U.S. warned Saudis of threats in Congress","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has warned Saudi Arabia that concern in Congress over the humanitarian situation in Yemen could constrain U.S. assistance, as it pushed Riyadh to allow greater access for humanitarian aid, a U.S. official said on Friday.  The Saudi-led military coalition fighting the Iran-aligned armed Houthi movement in Yemen s civil war started a blockade of ports a month ago after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired toward its capital Riyadh from Yemen. Although the blockade later eased, Yemen s situation has  remained dire. About 8 million people are on the brink of famine with outbreaks of cholera and diphtheria. That has led the White House to take the rare step of issuing two written statements in a week on Yemen, including one on Friday calling on the Saudi-led coalition to help facilitate the free flow of humanitarian aid and critical goods, like fuel.  I think there has just been mounting concern over the continued humanitarian conditions in Yemen, and while we have seen progress, we haven t seen enough,  said a senior Trump administration official, speaking on condition of anonymity.  We want to see more in the coming weeks.  The White House also called on the Houthis to allow food, medicine and fuel to be distributed and accused them of political repression and brutality.  The Yemen war s heavy toll on civilians has long been a sore point with members of Congress, triggering threats to block U.S. assistance to the Saudi-led coalition. That includes U.S. refueling of coalition jets and the provision of limited U.S. intelligence support.    Senator Chris Murphy, a Democrat from Connecticut and longtime critic of U.S. support for the Yemen campaign, cheered  Trump s push for humanitarian aid this week. But in the same breath, he warned about U.S. assistance to the Saudis.  The Trump administration must continue to make clear to Saudi Arabia that the U.S. will not support a campaign that intentionally starves civilians into submission,  Murphy said. Trump administration officials have underscored those concerns in Congress to Riyadh.  We wanted to be very clear with Saudi officials that the political environment here could constrain us if steps aren t taken to ease humanitarian conditions in Yemen,  the official said. Publicly, Trump, his top aides and senior Saudi officials have hailed what they say is a major improvement in U.S.-Saudi ties compared with relations under former President Barack Obama, who upset the Saudis by sealing a nuclear deal with their arch-foe Iran. Even as ties improve, however, U.S. diplomats and intelligence analysts privately have expressed anxiety over some of the more hawkish actions by Saudi Arabia s crown prince, especially toward Yemen and Lebanon, as Saudi Arabia seeks to contain Iranian influence. In turn, Saudi Arabia has been unusually public about its concerns over President Donald Trump s move to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. The Trump administration shares Saudi Arabia s concerns over Iran and emphasized that point on Friday. In its statement, the White House squarely blamed Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and its partners for  arming, advising, and enabling the Houthis  violent actions.   We condemn the Houthis  brutal repression of political opponents in Sanaa,  Friday s statement by White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said. That includes the Houthis  killing last weekend of Ali Abdullah Saleh, Yemen s former president, to punish him for  switching sides in Yemen s three-year civil war. The killing was a setback for Riyadh, which had hoped the backing of Saleh   and his loyalist army units in northern Yemen - would help close a war that has killed 10,000 people and caused one of the world s most acute humanitarian crises. The White House said political negotiations were necessary to end violence in the country,  free of the malign influence of Iranian-backed militias.   The Iranian-backed Houthi militias must allow food, medicine, and fuel to be distributed throughout the areas they control, rather than diverted to sustain their military campaign against the Yemeni people,  Sanders added. ",1
12687,Protesters gather in Kiev after police recapture ex-Georgia leader Saakashvili,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian police recaptured the former president of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili on Friday, prompting further protests in central Kiev by his supporters who freed him from police custody earlier this week. The development is the latest twist in a long feud between Ukrainian authorities and Saakashvili, who has turned on his one-time patron President Petro Poroshenko, accusing him of corruption and calling for his removal from office. General Prosecutor Yuriy Lutsenko, who says Saakashvili is suspected of assisting a criminal organization, said the opposition leader had been detained by police and was in a temporary detention facility.  As promised, security officers did everything to avoid extreme violence and bloodshed,  he said in a post on Facebook. Saakashvili s recapture follows a surreal game of hide-and-seek that saw him clamber on a roof to avoid law enforcement, before being broken out of a police van by protesters amid clashes with hundreds of riot police on Tuesday. Ally and fellow Georgian, Davit Sakvarelidze, who was fired in March from his post as a senior prosecutor for Ukraine, called on Kiev residents to take to the streets to protest Saakashvili s recapture.  Today Poroshenko broke all records and went down in history as a dictator who does this to political opponents,  he told channel NewsOne near the detention centre in central Kiev. As of 2200 GMT, a few hundred protesters had gathered near the facility not far from the parliament, shouting  Shame!  and  Kiev, get up!  while a large number of police in riot gear stood guard. Saakashvili became a regional governor in Ukraine in 2015 at Poroshenko s invitation but they later fell out. Saakashvili denies the allegations against him. The saga threatens to embarrass the pro-Western authorities at a time when they face a chorus of criticism from reformers and foreign donors over perceived backtracking on reforms and attacks on anti-corruption institutions. On Friday, Poroshenko said the case against Saakashvili was legitimate and that he should cooperate with investigators.  If he flees from the investigation, this undermines his credibility,  he said. After escaping police custody, Saakashvili called for a rally against Poroshenko in Kiev to be held on Sunday, although he has kept a low profile in recent days after reportedly  catching a cold while sleeping in makeshift protest camp outside parliament. The politician s latest detention followed a failed attempt by police to recapture him in a raid on the camp on Wednesday, which led to violent clashes with protesters. While Saakashvili has a core base of supporters, he enjoys limited support across Ukraine. Only 1.7 percent of voters would support his party, the Movement of New Forces, in elections, according to an October survey by the Kiev-based Razumkov Centre think-tank. His backers see him as a fearless crusader against corruption but critics have said that there is little substance behind his rhetoric. ",1
12688,"In push for Yemen aid, U.S. warned Saudis of threats in Congress","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has warned Saudi Arabia that anger in Congress over the humanitarian situation in Yemen could constrain U.S.  assistance, as it pushed Riyadh to allow great access for humanitarian aid, a senior U.S. official said on Friday.   We wanted to be very clear with Saudi officials that the political environment here could constrain us if steps aren t taken to ease humanitarian conditions in Yemen,  the senior Trump administration official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. The official added that  while we have seen progress, we haven t seen enough. We want to see more in the coming weeks.  ",1
12689,Danish government wins backing for budget but junior partner has conditions,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - The populist Danish People s Party (DF), upon whose support the minority government depends to pass laws, gave its backing on Friday to a fiscal budget for 2018 but one of the coalition parties said it still wanted an agreement on tax cuts. The Liberal Alliance (LA), a junior partner in the three-way coalition led by Prime Minister Lokke Rasmussen s Liberals and also including the Conservative party said it would not support the budget in parliament unless a deal to cut taxes was agreed. But DF, which is not a member of the coalition, said it could not guarantee that a deal involving  historically big tax cuts  could be reached. If LA does not vote to give the budget final approval, Rasmussen could be forced either to hand power to the Social Democrat-led opposition or to call a snap election.  We don t know how this will all end,  DF s negotiator Ren  Christensen told reporters.  Otherwise we would have had three deals now,  he said, referring to another proposal by DF that would tighten rules on granting residency to refugees. Economy minister Simon Emil Ammitzboll-Bille, a LA lawmaker, said the budget negotiations had been  chaotic  and there had been a  crisis of confidence  between the parties, but that the confidence had now been re-established. Tax cuts have been on the right-leaning government s wish list for a long time, but pro-welfare DF has been less eager to back that part of the government s policies. The parties will meet again after the weekend to discuss the proposed tax cuts and DF s proposal to make it easier for authorities to revoke residence permits for refugees from war once there is peace in their home countries. The budget deal includes among other things increased spending on health and elderly care and on infrastructure. ",1
12690,U.S. presses Russia to comply with nuclear missile treaty,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is reviewing military options, including new intermediate-range cruise missile systems, in response to what it says is Russia s ongoing violation of a Cold War-era pact banning such missiles, the State Department said on Friday. Washington is prepared  to cease such research and development activities  if Russia returns to compliance with the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. Nauert also hinted at possible economic sanctions, saying the United States is  pursuing economic and military measures intended to induce the Russian Federation to return to compliance.  The warning was the Trump administration s first response to U.S. charges first leveled in 2014 that Russia had deployed a ground-launched cruise missile that breaches the pact s ban on testing and fielding missiles with ranges of 500-5,500 kms (310-3,417 miles). U.S. officials have said the Russian cruise missile is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead, and that Moscow has refused to hold in-depth discussions about the alleged breach. Russia has denied it is violating the accord. In a statement issued before Nauert s, the Russian foreign ministry said it was ready for talks with the United States to try to preserve the treaty and would comply with its obligations if the United States did. In a statement marking the 30th anniversary of the treaty between the United States and the Soviet Union, the ministry said Moscow considered  the language of ultimatums  and sanctions unacceptable. The U.S. allegation has further strained relations between Moscow and Washington. U.S. and Russian officials are to discuss the issue at a meeting in coming weeks of the special commission that oversees the treaty, said a U.S. official, who requested anonymity. In the U.S. statement, Nauert said the United States  remains firmly committed to the INF Treaty and continues to seek the Russian Federation s return to compliance.   The administration firmly believes, however, that the United States cannot stand still while the Russian Federation continues to develop military systems in violation of the treaty,  she said.  The U.S. spokeswoman did not disclose the U.S. economic measures under consideration to secure Russian compliance with the treaty but offered some details on the military measures. These, she said, involve a review of  military concepts and options  that include researching new ground-launched conventional cruise missile systems.  This step will not violate our INF Treaty obligations,  Nauert said.  We are also prepared to cease such research and development activities if the Russian Federation returns to full and verifiable compliance with its INF Treaty obligations.  Her statement came a week after Congress sent to President Donald Trump for signing a fiscal 2018 defense policy bill authorizing $58 million to develop a new INF-busting road-mobile conventional cruise missile and U.S. defenses against the Russian weapon. The bill also called on Trump to submit to Congress a plan to impose U.S. sanctions on Russians responsible for  ordering or facilitating non-compliance  with the treaty. It was unclear when Trump would sign the bill. The United States already has sanctions on Russian entities and individuals, including people close to President Vladimir Putin, for Moscow s 2014 seizure of Crimea from Ukraine and its alleged interference in the 2016 presidential election. Moscow denies that it interfered in the election. A senior administration official, speaking recently on condition of anonymity, said the administration wanted to preserve the INF Treaty rather than rip it up.  If we took the Russian approach, we d all sort of say happy things about what a nice treaty we have and we would both go about violating it secretly,  said the senior administration official.  But that s not how we roll. It s because we like arms control when it s done properly.  ",1
12691,Rebels kill 15 peacekeepers in Congo in worst attack on U.N. in recent history,"GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Suspected Ugandan rebels killed at least 15 Tanzanian U.N. peacekeepers and wounded 53 others in a raid on a base in Congo that U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Friday called the worst attack on the organization in recent history. Tanzania s President John Magufuli said he was  shocked and saddened  by the deaths, which come amid rising violence against civilians, the army and U.N. troops in Democratic Republic of Congo s eastern borderlands.  The U.N. chief said the attack constituted a war crime and called on Congolese authorities to investigate and  swiftly bring the perpetrators to justice .  I want to express my outrage and utter heartbreak at last night s attack,  Guterres told reporters at U.N. headquarters in New York.  There must be no impunity for such assaults, here or anywhere else.  The United Nations Security Council condemned the attack on Friday and held a moment of silence for the victims. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert wrote on Twitter that the United States was  appalled by the horrific attack . U.N. troops were still searching for three peacekeepers who went missing during the more than three-hour firefight that broke out at dusk on Thursday evening, Ian Sinclair, the director of the U.N. Operations and Crisis Centre, said. U.N. officials said they suspected militants from the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) staged the assault on the base in the town of Semuliki in North Kivu s Beni territory. The ADF is an Islamist rebel group that has been active in the area. Congo s U.N. mission, MONUSCO, said it was coordinating a joint response with the Congolese army and evacuating wounded from the base. Five Congolese soldiers were also killed in the raid, MONUSCO said in a statement. Congo s army said only one of its soldiers was missing, however, while another had been injured, adding that 72 militants had been killed.  Rival militia groups control parts of mineral-rich eastern Congo nearly a decade and a half after the official end of a 1998-2003 war in which millions of people died, mostly from hunger and disease.  The area has been the scene of repeated massacres and at least 26 people died in an ambush in October. The government and U.N. mission have blamed almost all the violence on the ADF but U.N. experts and independent analysts say other militia and elements of Congo s own army have also been involved.  In response to the growing unrest, and in an effort to protect civilians, the U.N. s Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Jean-Pierre Lacroix said MONUSCO had stepped up its activities in the area.  They don t want us there. And I think this attack is a response ... to our increasingly robust posture in that region,  he told reporters. Thursday s raid was the third attack on a U.N. base in eastern Congo in recent months. Increased militia activity in the east and center of the country has added to insecurity in Congo this year amid political tensions linked to President Joseph Kabila s refusal to step down when his mandate expired last December. An election to replace Kabila, who has ruled Congo since his father s assassination in 2001, has been repeatedly delayed and is now scheduled for December 2018. Established in 2010, MONUSCO is the United Nations  largest peacekeeping mission and had recorded 93 fatalities of military, police and civilian personnel. ",1
12692,At least 25 wounded in Israeli retaliation strikes in Gaza,"GAZA (Reuters) - Israel s military said its aircraft bombed militant targets in Gaza on Friday and the Palestinian Health Ministry said at least 25 people were wounded in the strikes, including six children. The Israeli military said it had carried out the strikes on a militant training camp and on a weapons depot in response to rockets fired earlier from Gaza at Israeli towns. Witnesses said most of the wounded were residents of a building near the camp.  At least one Palestinian was killed in clashes with Israeli troops earlier on Friday and dozens wounded in  day of rage  protests against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  ",1
12693,Maldives rushes through trade pact with China despite opposition,"MALE (Reuters) - The Maldives government signed a free trade agreement with China during a visit to Beijing by its leader, Abdulla Yameen, it said on Friday, despite criticism from the opposition over the speed at which the deal was concluded. Under the deal - a document of more than 1,000 pages that the Maldives parliament signed off on last week after less than an hour of discussion - China and the archipelago nation will impose no tariffs on imports from each other.  Fisheries are the main export from the Maldives, an Indian Ocean country of 400,000 that also relies heavily on tourism.  The free trade agreement between China and Maldives signed during the visit was a milestone in the development of China-Maldives economic and trade relations,  Yameen s official website said in a joint communique. The Maldives government also endorsed China s proposed Maritime Silk Road business development project, part of its vast Belt and Road infrastructure project. China s state-run Xinhua news agency quoted Chinese President Xi Jinping as telling Yameen that the Belt and Road program matched up with the Maldives  development strategies. President Yameen s government has had good relations with China since taking power in 2013. China has been striking deals with countries in Asia and Africa to improve its imports of key commodities and boost its diplomatic clout. The main opposition Maldivian Democratic Party (MDP) said in a statement that the FTA contained technical details that should have been thoroughly reviewed and called for its implementation to be suspended until an independent feasibility study is conducted. The government says the FTA will help diversify the $3.6 billion economy and boost fisheries exports, crucial since the European Union declined in 2014 to renew a tax concession on them. Fisheries account for 5 percent of Maldives  economic output and earned the country $140 million in 2016. The EU declined to extend the tax exemptions because the country has failed to comply with international conventions on freedom of religion, European diplomats in Colombo say. Maldives law prohibits the practice by citizens of any religion other than Islam, while non-Muslims are barred from voting, gaining citizenship or holding public office. ",1
12694,Brazil's president loses minister as PSDB party quits coalition,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer accepted the resignation on Friday of his minister of political affairs, whose party is abandoning the ruling coalition to ready for the 2018 election. Antonio Imbassahy of the Brazilian Social Democratic Party (PSDB) has handled the government s relations with Congress, keeping an unwieldy coalition united in blocking the prosecution of Temer on corruption charges earlier this year. However the PSDB, Temer s largest ally, has split over whether to stick with the unpopular president in the run-up to a general election next October, when the party plans to field its own presidential candidate. The PSDB will hold its national convention in Brasilia on Saturday, when it is expected to elect Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin as its new party leader, replacing Senator Aecio Neves, who is under investigation for graft. That would make Alckmin the PSDB s most likely candidate in next year s presidential race. Allies say Alckmin plans to continue his party s disengagement from the Temer government, where the PSDB still has two ministers, including Foreign Minister Aloysio Nunes, who is expected to stay on the job based on personal conviction. Still, Alckmin is expected to mobilize PSDB support for Temer s signature legislation proposal, the overhaul of Brazil s costly social security system. Investors consider the measure crucial to closing a huge budget deficit that cost Latin America s largest economy its investment-grade credit rating. Temer needs the PSDB s 46 votes in the lower house of Congress to win passage of the pension reform bill, which is set for a vote the week of Dec. 18. ",1
12695,"Polish parliament, defying EU, approves judiciary overhaul","WARSAW (Reuters) - Polish lawmakers approved an overhaul of the judiciary on Friday, giving parliament de facto control over the selection of judges in defiance of the European Union. The legislation, if agreed by the Senate and President Andrzej Duda, will heighten tensions with the EU which has threatened legal action over proposed reform that it says will subvert the rule of law. The eurosceptic Law and Justice (PiS) party, which holds a majority in parliament, argues the judiciary needs to be changed to repair a corrupt system and make courts more efficient. The EU says giving politicians a say in appointing judges will threaten the impartiality of the courts. Critics of the deeply conservative government see the proposed reforms as part of a broader shift toward authoritarianism by the deeply conservative government. The EU is also at loggerheads with the PiS over migration policy, logging in an ancient forest in Poland and the government s efforts to take control of other state institutions such as public media. A panel of constitutional law experts of the Council of Europe human rights body said on Friday the proposed reforms imperiled all parts of the judiciary and would  lead to a far reaching politicization of this body .     Under the legislation, heavily supported by PiS lawmakers, parliament would have a virtual free hand in choosing members of the National Judiciary Council (KRS), a powerful body that decides judicial appointments and promotions which was a right earlier reserved chiefly for the judges themselves. A second bill, also approved, envisages lowering the mandatory retirement age for Supreme Court judges to 65 years from 70, which would force a significant part of them to leave.  We are moving forward with reforms of the justice system, and the Supreme Court reform is an element of this process,  said Pawel Mucha, an adviser to Duda. The KRS has repeatedly voiced its opposition to the plans. Spokesman Waldemar  urek said:  In my opinion, these changes will hurt the citizens because politicization of courts means that no citizen will be assured that a judge presiding over a case isn t being influenced by politicians.   Despite criticism abroad as well, the PiS government remains one of Poland s most popular governments since the 1989 collapse of communism, because of low unemployment, generous public spending and its adherence to traditional Catholic values. Friday s votes came a day after the PiS sacked its prime minister, Beata Szydlo, and replaced her with Finance Minister Mateusz Morawiecki, a loyalist of Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the party leader and Poland s paramount politician. Morawiecki told Trwam television on Friday his priorities would be economic development, social cohesion, fighting tax evasion and an improvement of Poland s reputation abroad. Analysts said the changeover was spurred by Kaczynski s desire to quell infighting within the cabinet and put more emphasis on economic policy as the party faces three consecutive years of elections. A local ballot is held next year, a parliamentary vote in 2019 and a presidential election in 2020. ",1
12696,"Despite furor over Jerusalem move, Saudis seen on board with U.S. peace efforts","BEIRUT/RIYADH/AMMAN (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia pulled no punches when it condemned President Donald Trump s move to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. But Palestinian officials say Riyadh has also been working for weeks behind the scenes to press them to support a nascent U.S. peace plan. Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy on Wednesday with his announcement and instructions to begin the process of moving the embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, despite warnings that it would drive the wedge between Israel and the Palestinians deeper.  The Saudi royal court described the decision as  unjustified and irresponsible  and  a big step back in efforts to advance the peace process.  But Arab officials privately say that Riyadh appears to be on board with a broader U.S. strategy for an Israeli-Palestinian peace plan still in its early phases of development. Four Palestinian officials, who spoke on condition they not be named, said Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas discussed in detail a grand bargain that Trump and Jared Kushner, the president s son-in-law and adviser, are expected to unveil in the first half of 2018. One official said Prince Mohammed asked Abbas to show support for the U.S. administration s peace efforts when the two met in Riyadh in November.  Another Palestinian official said Prince Mohammed told Abbas:  Be patient, you will hear good news. This peace process will go ahead.  The U.S.-Saudi relationship has improved dramatically under Trump, partly because the leaders share a vision of confronting Riyadh s arch-rival Iran more aggressively in the region.  Kushner, 36, whose father knew Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu, has also nurtured strong personal ties with the 32-year-old crown prince as he asserts Saudi influence internationally and amasses power for himself at home. The Saudi royal court did not respond to requests for comment. A White House official said Kushner did not ask the crown prince to talk to Abbas about the plan. Palestinian officials fear, and many Arab officials suspect, that by closing the door on East Jerusalem as the future capital of a Palestinian state, Trump will align with Israel in offering the Palestinians limited self-government inside disconnected patches of the occupied West Bank, with no right of return for refugees displaced by the Arab-Israeli wars of 1948 and 1967. The Palestinian officials said they were concerned that the proposal that Prince Mohammed communicated to Abbas, which purportedly came from Kushner, presents exactly that scenario. As told to Abbas, the proposal included establishing  a Palestinian entity  in Gaza as well as the West Bank administrative areas A and B and 10 percent of area C, which contains Jewish settlements, a third Palestinian official said.  Jewish settlements in the West Bank would stay, there would be no right of return, and Israel would remain responsible for the borders, he said. The proposal appears to differ little from existing arrangements in the West Bank, widening Palestinian control but falling far short of their minimum national demands.  This is rejected by Palestinians. Abu Mazen (Abbas) explained the position and its danger to the Palestinian cause and Saudi Arabia understood that,  the official said. The White House official denied that Kushner communicated those details to Prince Mohammed:  It does not accurately reflect any part of the conversation.  Trump sought to temper the blow from his Jerusalem announcement with a phone call to Abbas on Tuesday, stressing that the Palestinians stood to gain from the plan being drawn up by Kushner and U.S. Middle East envoy Jason Greenblatt.  President Trump in a phone call told Abu Mazen:  I will have some proposals for you that you would like . When Abu Mazen pressed him on details, Trump didn t give any,  the first Palestinian official said. A Saudi source said he believed an understanding on Israeli-Palestinian peace would nonetheless begin to emerge in the coming weeks.  Do not underestimate the businessman in (Trump). He has always called it the ultimate deal,  the source said, declining to be named because of the sensitivity of the subject.  I don t think our government is going to accept that unless it has something sweetened in the pipeline which (King Salman and the crown prince) could sell to the Arab world   that the Palestinians would have their own state.   Trump s decision on Jerusalem is seen almost uniformly in Arab capitals as a sharp tilt toward Israel, which has only signed peace deals with Egypt and Jordan.  Jordan, a U.S. ally which has played a key role in the peace process since inking its bilateral deal with Israel in 1994, insists that no peace can be achieved without Jerusalem. Jordanian political analyst Oraib Rantawi, who spoke with King Abdullah after the monarch met with top U.S. administration officials last week, said Amman is worried about being bypassed in favor of Saudi Arabia.  There are direct dealings and a desire to present a deal that is unfair to the Palestinians in return for securing U.S. backing and paving the way for Gulf-Israeli cooperation to confront Iran,  he said. Most Arab states are unlikely to object to Trump s announcement because they find themselves more aligned with Israel than ever, particularly on countering Iran, said Shadi Hamid, senior fellow at Brookings Institution in Washington,   If Saudi officials, including the crown prince himself, were particularly concerned with Jerusalem s status, they would presumably have used their privileged status as a top Trump ally and lobbied the administration to hold off on such a needlessly toxic move,  he wrote in an article published in The Atlantic.  It s unlikely Trump would have followed through if the Saudis had drawn something resembling a red line.              Israeli Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz, a member of the security cabinet, told Army Radio in November that Israel has had covert contacts with Saudi Arabia, a disclosure of long-rumored secret dealings between the two countries which have no official ties. Saudi Arabia denied the reports. It maintains that normalizing relations hinges on Israeli withdrawal from Arab lands captured in the 1967 Middle East war, territory Palestinians seek for a future state. But with both Saudi Arabia and Israel viewing Iran as a major main threat in the Middle East, shared interests may push them to work together. Under Prince Mohammed, the kingdom is pushing back at what it sees as growing Iranian influence in and around its borders.   They ve got an unprecedented level of support from Washington right now and seem to be making the most of it,  said a diplomat in the region.  They re not willing to jeopardize that. They ve got bigger fish to fry.  ",1
12697,Prize-winning Cameroonian writer detained after criticizing govt.: wife,"DOUALA (Reuters) - A celebrated Cameroonian writer who wrote a piece critical of the government s handling of a separatist crisis in its Anglophone region was detained at Douala airport on Thursday, his wife and lawyer said. Patrice Nganang, a prize-winning poet, professor and author who lives in New York, was due to board a Kenya Airways flight to Nairobi and then onwards to Harare to join his wife on Thursday but never arrived. After 24 hours of trying to track him down, Nyasha Bakare said he had been found by his lawyers at a government detention center in Yaounde, the capital.  He s apparently OK. That s the main thing,  Bakare said, adding that the authorities appeared to be preparing for a legal hearing. His lawyer Emmanuel Simh said:  He is accused of insulting the president of the republic, and after the hearings we will be able to give further information.   A spokesman at the government s communications department was not immediately available to comment.  Last week the government ordered thousands of villagers to leave their homes in the Anglophone Southwest region as it deployed troops to root out armed separatists. The move marked an escalation of a year-long crackdown on peaceful protests in the English-speaking western part of the country that has killed dozens of civilians and forced thousands to flee to Nigeria.  Are we going towards the forced relocation of populations and the creation of (refugee) camps?  Nganang wrote in Paris-based Jeune Afrique on Dec. 5, describing this as  offensive .  So bilingual Cameroonians can be enemies in a country whose president has never said a single speech in English?  he added. President Paul Biya has ruled Cameroon since 1982 and plans to stand for another term next year. The separatist stirrings add to headaches over the economy slowing sharply since 2014 and attacks in the north by Islamist militant group Boko Haram which have strained the military. The linguistic divide harks back to the end of World War One, when the League of Nations divided the former German colony of Kamerun between the allied French and British victors. Biya s 35-year rule has grown increasingly intolerant of dissent, with opposition activists, journalists and intellectuals routinely arrested and sometimes charged. In April, a Cameroonian reporter for Radio France International was jailed for 10 years by a military court on terrorism charges, including for failing to report acts of terrorism to authorities. The verdict attracted international criticism. ",1
12698,Bulgaria says border treaty revision not beneficial for regional stability,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Bulgaria s Foreign Ministry said on Friday any discussion about a revision of the treaty defining the borders of its neighbors Greece and Turkey would not help stability in the region. The statement comes a day after Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said during a visit to Greece that some details in the Treaty of Lausanne, which established the borders of modern-day Turkey, were unclear and that a lasting solution to issues in the Aegean and Cyprus was needed.  Bulgaria believes that a discussion of peace treaties and existing borders is not beneficial to the international community and stability in the region,  the ministry said.  Any revision of international treaties may only be done by mutual agreement between the countries in accordance with international law,  it said, urging its neighbors to  continue on the path of dialogue . The ministry said it had discussed the issue with the Turkish ambassador to Sofia. Erdogan, making the first visit by a Turkish president to Greece in 65 years, said Muslims in the Greek border region of Western Thrace were not able to choose their own chief mufti, while Christian communities in Turkey enjoyed greater freedom to choose their patriarchs, suggesting the treaty was not being applied fairly. Greek President Prokopis Pavlopoulos also ruled out a revision of the 1923 Lausanne treaty. ",1
12699,Polish lower house of parliament backs judiciary council changes,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s lower house of parliament on Friday approved changes to the country s National Judiciary Council, a part of a broader overhaul of the courts system pushed by the ruling conservatives.  Under the new rules, which still need Senate and presidential approval, parliament will have the responsibility for choosing members of the council which in turn nominates all judges. ",1
12700,Palestinian president says U.S. can no longer broker peace,"GAZA (Reuters) - The United States cannot broker the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Friday, in response to President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital.   We reject the American decision over Jerusalem. With this position the United States has become no longer qualified to sponsor the peace process,  Abbas said in a statement. He did not elaborate further. ",1
12701,Palestinian negotiator says 'no talking' with U.S. until Trump reverses Jerusalem decision: Al Jazeera,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erekat told Al Jazeera TV on Friday that the Palestinians will not talk to the United States until President Donald Trump has reversed his decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, the channel reported. Erekat also said the Palestinian leadership was considering all options in response to Trump s announcement, the channel reported in a newsflash, without giving further details. ",1
12702,Poland's PM designate says will continue fighting tax evasion,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland will continue fighting tax evasion, allowing the government to keep public debt in check and finance its public spending agenda, Prime Minister-designate Mateusz Morawiecki said on Friday. He also told the Catholic Trwam television that value added tax revenue would most likely increase by 30 billion zlotys ($8.41 billion) this year and the nominal increase in public debt in 2017 would be lowest in more than two decades.  We are taking money away from mafias and tax criminals and giving it to the people,  Morawiecki said. ",1
12703,Sri Lanka parliament backs tax exemptions for port deal with Chinese,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lanka s parliament approved on Friday a raft of tax concessions for a Chinese-led joint venture which will handle the southern port of Hambantota under a $1.1 billion deal that has sparked public anger and concerns in India and elsewhere. The deal, signed in July, leases the port to a Chinese firm for 99 years and the tax concessions include an income tax holiday of up to 32 years. The port is near the main shipping route from Asia to Europe and likely to play a key role in China s  Belt and Road  initiative. The joint venture comprises the China Merchants Port Holdings, which holds a 70 percent stake, and the Sri Lanka Ports Authority (SLPA), which has the remaining 30 percent.  Today the parliament approved two motions... to grant certain tax incentives to those two companies operating the Hambantota port,  Ports Minister Mahinda Samarasinghe told Reuters. In the 225-member parliament 72 lawmakers backed the tax concessions and seven voted against. Many opposition deputies boycotted the vote. The government pressed ahead with the vote despite a suggestion from opposition lawmaker Dinesh Gunawardena, who suggested the measures should require a two-thirds majority, or more than 150 votes, given the strategic nature of the issue. Government and diplomatic sources have told Reuters that the United States, India and Japan had raised concerns that China might use the port as a naval base and could be a threat to security and stability in the Indian Ocean. An initial plan to give the Chinese firm an 80 percent stake triggered protests by trade unions and opposition groups, forcing the government to make some revisions that limit China s role to running commercial operations while retaining for Colombo oversight for broader security issues.  The government will hand over the port, built with Chinese loans at a cost of $1.5 billion, to the joint venture on Saturday and will receive $300 million, or around 30 percent of the deal, Samarasinghe said. He also said the SLPA and the Chinese firm had signed the lease agreement just before parliament s approval of the tax exemptions.  There has also been widespread public anger over plans for a 99-year lease of 15,000 acres (23 sq miles) to develop an industrial zone next to the port. This land lease is under negotiation.       The parliamentary vote came a day after Sri Lanka s Supreme Court set a date for Jan. 11 to rule on three petitions against the leasing of land around the port to China. Sri Lanka has said the Chinese firm will invest an additional $600 million to make Hambantota port operational and $1.12 billion from the deal will be used for debt repayment. India is in advanced talks with Sri Lanka to operate an airport near Hambantota port.  ",1
12704,South African court rules Zuma appointment of state prosecutor invalid,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s High Court ruled on Friday that President Jacob Zuma s appointment of a state prosecutor to decide whether to reinstate corruption charges against him was not valid and should be set aside immediately. The court also ruled that Zuma should not make a new appointment and that Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa should appoint a new public prosecutor within 60 days. The ruling is a stinging rebuke for Zuma, who is due to step down in 2019 after more than a decade in power. Zuma s office said he would appeal the decision. The National Prosecuting Authority (NPA), whose head prosecutor Shaun Abrahams was removed from his post by the High Court ruling, also said it would appeal. The rand was buoyed by the court ruling, with analysts saying markets saw Zuma s influence curtailed. Judge President Dunstan Mlambo said at the Pretoria High Court the appointment of Abrahams as the National Director of Public Prosecutions was  invalid and set aside.   In his ruling, Mlambo said:  In our view, President Zuma would be clearly conflicted in having to appoint a National Director of Public Prosecutions, given the background ... and particularly the ever present specter of the many criminal charges against him that have not gone away.  The charges against Zuma relate to a 30 billion rand ($2 billion) government arms deal arranged in the late 1990s and have amplified calls for Zuma to step down before his term as president ends in 2019. In October the Supreme Court of Appeal upheld an earlier decision by a lower court that the nearly 800 corruption charges filed against Zuma before he became president be reinstated. It then fell to Abrahams, appointed by Zuma as chief state prosecutor in 2015, to decide whether or not the NPA would pursue a case against Zuma.  Abrahams gave Zuma until the end of November to make representations to prevent the charges being brought against him. Abrahams has not commented on whether Zuma presented any submissions of what decision he has taken on the matter. The case in the Pretoria High Court had been brought by a trio of civil society organizations seeking an order declaring the previous state prosecutor s removal was invalid. Zuma has faced a string of corruption allegations during his time in office, many of them over leaked emails that suggest his friends the Gupta family may have used their influence to secure lucrative state contracts for their companies. Zuma and the Guptas deny wrongdoing. The African National Congress (ANC), which is set to elect Zuma s successor next week, said it would allow the parties involved to reflect on the judgment and its implications as well as decide whether to appeal or not.  ",1
12705,"U.S. has credibility with both Israel, Palestinians: Haley","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States still has credibility as a mediator with both Israel and the Palestinians, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Friday after President Donald Trump s decision earlier this week to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  She said the United Nations has damaged rather than advanced the prospects for Middle East peace.  The United States has credibility with both sides. Israel will never be, and should never be, bullied into an agreement by the United Nations, or by any collection of countries that have proven their disregard for Israel s security,  Haley told the U.N. Security Council.  ",1
12706,U.S. military says airstrikes kill five al Qaeda militants in Yemen,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Friday it carried out airstrikes on Nov. 20 in Yemen s al Bayda province that killed five militants from al Qaeda s affiliate there, including Mujahid al-Adani, whom it described as one of the group s leaders.  Al-Adani maintained a significant influence within AQAP as well as close ties to other AQAP senior leaders,  the U.S. military s Central Command said in a statement, using an acronym for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. ",1
12707,German SPD says outcome uncertain for impending government talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A senior member of Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) said her party would start talks next week with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a governing coalition, a move that could end a political impasse in Europe s largest economy. The SPD voted on Thursday to open discussions with the conservatives despite having earlier pledged to go into opposition after suffering its worst election result in the post-war era in September. The consultations - between Merkel, her Bavarian ally Horst Seehofer and SPD leader Martin Schulz, as well as the parliamentary leaders of the three parties - will begin in Berlin on Wednesday evening. The result of the talks remains open and a  grand coalition  between the SPD and conservatives was no foregone conclusion, Andrea Nahles, the SPD s parliamentary leader, told Deutschlandfunk radio on Friday.   It s no more and no less than having talks,  Nahles said.  It s not automatic that we ll end up in a grand coalition - rather tough discussions will be necessary, and I don t know what the conservatives are prepared to work with us on.  Merkel, who has been at the helm in Germany for 12 years, hopes the SPD will agree to a re-run of the grand coalition that has governed Germany for the last four years. She was forced to turn to the SPD after talks with the environmentalist Greens and liberal Free Democrats (FDP) on a three-way alliance collapsed. Her conservative bloc has welcomed the SPD s decision to start initial talks. They would still need to decide later whether to proceed to full-blown coalition talks. The majority of Germans (70 percent) expect a grand coalition to form, a Forsa poll for broadcaster ZDF showed on Friday. It found almost half of Germans (47 percent) would be happy with such an alliance. Around a third (36 percent) disapproved of another conservative alliance, which would make the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) the biggest opposition party. The SPD gained two points in the Forsa poll to 23 percent; the conservatives shed a point to 32 percent. Merkel s conservatives and the SPD both saw their vote share shrink in September elections, complicating the coalition arithmetic. Their coalition remains in place as a caretaker government. Nahles said the SPD had not set any conditions for joining a coalition with the conservatives, adding:  You don t go into negotiations with a huge backpack full of red lines.  But she said the SPD had laid out key points, including getting rid of Germany s two-tier public and private health system - an idea the conservatives oppose. Seehofer, leader of Bavaria s arch-conservative Christian Social Union (CSU) - the sister party to Merkel s conservatives - said his party would not agree to that, telling magazine Der Spiegel he could not imagine how such a system could be implemented without causing  profound injustices . Seehofer also rejected Schulz s idea to create a United States of Europe by 2025, saying that would  certainly remain a utopia . On the issue of immigration - which was behind the collapse of the talks between the conservatives, Greens and FDP - Nahles said the SPD needed to  take the bull by the horns . Speaking at the SPD party congress on Friday, she said Germany needed an immigration law but also a realistic recognition of the difficulties that some municipalities face in integrating refugees. ",1
12708,Trump's Jerusalem plan revives tensions in EU diplomacy,"PARIS/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - France said on Friday the United States had sidelined itself in the Middle East by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital, but the EU s top diplomat insisted Washington remains a mediator as Europe struggled for unity in its diplomacy. U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem revived old tensions between EU governments that want to see peace in the Middle East but have varying degrees of sympathy towards Israel and the Palestinians.  I hear some, including Mr Tillerson, say things will happen in time and the hour is for negotiations. Until now (the U.S.) could have had a mediation role in this conflict, but it has excluded itself a little,  French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said, referring to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who is in Paris for talks after visiting Brussels and Vienna.   The reality is they are alone and isolated on this issue,  he told France Inter radio. With Britain distracted by its planned exit from the European Union, France is trying to lead Europe in Middle East negotiations, organizing a peace conference last January.  But it is EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini who represents the bloc in the Middle East Quartet of the United States, United Nations, the EU and Russia.  On Thursday, Mogherini pledged to reinvigorate diplomacy with Russia, the United States, Jordan and others to ensure Palestinians have a capital in Jerusalem too. She said Washington was still a pivotal peacemaker. But Hungary blocked a statement planned by all EU 28 governments in response to Trump s announcement of Wednesday, leaving it to Mogherini to deliver a rejection of it.  There is no change in Hungary s Middle East policy compared with the recent past. We have made it clear previously that we urge a negotiated solution,  the foreign ministry said in response to a Reuters request, declining to comment on the U.S. decision.  We do not consider a joint statement by the 28 member states of the European Union necessary on the matter.    On Wednesday evening, the Czech foreign ministry said it would begin considering moving the Czech Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem  only based on results of negotiations with key partners in the region and in the world . Many in Israel saw the Czech ministry s statement as an endorsement of Trump s move. But Mogherini said on Friday Czech Foreign Minister Lubomir Zaoralek had reassured her the statement was  definitely not an act of support for the U.S. administration s decision.   He guaranteed to me that the Czech Republic stays firmly with the common European consolidated position,  Mogherini told a news conference with Jordan s foreign minister. Prague accepts Israel s sovereignty only over West Jerusalem, diplomats say. Palestinians want the capital of a future state they seek to be in East Jerusalem, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed in a move not recognized internationally. Mogherini stressed that all EU governments were united on the issue of Jerusalem and in seeking a solution envisaging a Palestinian state in territory - the West Bank, Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem - that Israel took 50 years ago. The EU believes it has a duty to make its voice heard as the Palestinians  biggest aid donor and Israel s biggest trade partner, but policy divisions within the bloc have weakened its influence.  EU foreign ministers will aim to present a unified front to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at a meeting in Brussels on Monday. A senior French diplomat said it was crucial that EU governments had a clear message for the Israeli premier.  What we are going to try and do is convince our European partners when we meet Netanyahu ...to tell him that what is happening with the United States is a serious issue for him, Israel and any peace prospect,  the diplomat said. Netanyahu will first stop off in Paris on Sunday to hold talks with President Emmanuel Macron. EU governments have a range of positions, from the Czech Republic s strong support for Israel, also shared by Germany, to Sweden s 2014 decision to recognize a future state of Palestine. The EU is also perceived by some in Israel as being too pro-Palestinian, partly because of the EU s long-held opposition to Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank. ",1
12709,Hamas calls for Palestinian uprising over Trump's Jerusalem plan,"JERUSALEM/GAZA (Reuters) - The Islamist group Hamas urged Palestinians on Thursday to abandon peace efforts and launch a new uprising against Israel in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as its capital. Palestinian factions called for a  Day of Rage  on Friday, and a wave of protest in the West Bank and Gaza on Thursday brought clashes between Palestinians and Israeli troops. At least 31 people were wounded by Israeli gunfire and rubber bullets, medics said.   The Israeli military said an aircraft and a tank had targeted two posts belonging to militants in the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip after three rockets were launched at Israel. A jihadist Salafi group in Gaza called the Al-Tawheed Brigades - which does not heed the call from the enclave s dominant force, Hamas, to desist from firing rockets - claimed responsibility for the launches. The military said it was reinforcing troops in the occupied West Bank. Some protesters threw rocks at soldiers and others chanted:  Death to America! Death to the fool Trump!  Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy on Wednesday by recognising Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, angering the Arab world and upsetting Western allies. The status of Jerusalem, home to sites considered holy to Muslims, Jews and Christians, is one of the biggest obstacles to a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians.  We should call for and we should work on launching an intifada (Palestinian uprising) in the face of the Zionist enemy,  Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh said in a speech in Gaza. On Friday s  Day of Rage,  rallies and protests are expected near Israeli-controlled checkpoints in the West Bank and along the border with Gaza. Friday prayers at the Muslim shrine of Al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem could also be a flashpoint. Naser Al-Qidwa, an aide to Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and senior official in his Fatah party, urged Palestinians to stage peaceful protests. Abbas on Thursday met Jordan s King Abdullah, whose dynasty is the traditional custodian of Jerusalem s holy places. Jordan is a staunch U.S. ally but has dismissed Trump s move as  legally null . Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital. Palestinians want the capital of an independent state of their own to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed in a move never recognised internationally. No other country has its embassy there.  U.S. officials told Reuters that when Trump forewarned the Palestinian president of his intention to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, he assured him that a peace plan being put together would please the Palestinians. Trump s decision has raised doubts about his administration s ability to follow through on the peace effort that his son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, has led for months aimed at reviving long-stalled negotiations. Israeli Housing Minister Yoav Gallant said he would next week bring to the Cabinet for approval 14,000 housing units, some 6,000 of which are slated for construction in areas in Arab East Jerusalem and are already at various planning stages.  Following President Trump s historic declaration, I intend to promote and reinforce building in Jerusalem,  Gallant said in a statement. Trump said on Wednesday that his administration would begin a process of moving the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, a step expected to take years and which his predecessors had opted not to take in order to avoid inflaming tensions. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hailed Trump s announcement as a  historic landmark  and said many countries would follow the U.S. move and contacts were under way. He did not name the countries. The White House said it was not aware of any other country that planned to follow Trump s lead.  President Trump has immortalised himself in the chronicles of our capital. His name will now be held aloft, alongside other names connected to the glorious history of Jerusalem and of our people,  he said in a speech at Israel s Foreign Ministry. Close Western allies of Washington, including France and Britain, have been critical of Trump s move. The EU s foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, said Jerusalem must be the capital of both Israel and a future Palestinian state. A senior Palestinian official with Fatah said that U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, due to visit the region later this month, was  unwelcome in Palestine.  A spokesman for Pence said the vice president was planning to meet Abbas on the trip.  Deputy Palestinian U.N. envoy Feda Abdelhady-Nasser complained to the U.N. Security Council late on Wednesday about Trump s decision. The Security Council is likely to meet on Friday.  Haniyeh called on Abbas to withdraw from peacemaking with Israel and on Arabs to boycott the Trump administration. Abbas said on Wednesday the United States had abdicated its role as a mediator in peace efforts.   We have given instruction to all Hamas members and to all its wings to be fully ready for any new instructions or orders that may be given to confront this strategic danger that threatens Jerusalem and threatens Palestine,  Haniyeh said. Israel and the United States consider Hamas, which has fought three wars with Israel since 2007, a terrorist organisation. Hamas does not recognise Israel s right to exist and its suicide bombings helped spearhead the last intifada, from 2000 to 2005. Fearing disruption to reconciliation efforts between Hamas and Fatah, Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Al-Hamdallah and other Fatah delegates arrived in Gaza on Thursday to meet Hamas. Trump said his move, which fulfilled a campaign promise,  was not intended to tip the scales in favour of Israel and that any deal involving the future of Jerusalem would have to be negotiated by the parties. But the move was seen almost uniformly in Arab capitals as a sharp tilt towards Israel.    The United States is asking Israel to temper its response to the announcement because Washington expects a backlash and is weighing the potential threat to U.S. facilities and people, according to a State Department document seen by Reuters. In Lebanon, Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah backed calls for a new intafada and said:  We are facing blatant American aggression.  Islamist militant group Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula said Trump s decision was the result of  normalisation steps  between some Gulf Arab countries and Israel. Protests have broken out since Trump s announcement in  Jordan, outside the U.S. consulate in Istanbul and in Pakistan. Thousands of Tunisians protested in several cities on Thursday. ",1
12710,"With opposition split, Venezuela mayoral vote will strengthen Maduro","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelans vote on Sunday in nationwide mayoral polls boycotted by major opposition parties and likely to help leftist President Nicolas Maduro consolidate power ahead of a probable 2018 re-election bid. After withstanding massive street protests, international sanctions and dissent within his ruling Socialist Party, the 55-year-old president saw his candidates win a surprise majority in October gubernatorial elections. Now, with 335 mayorships up for grabs, the socialists seem certain to repeat the feat, helped by opposition abstentionism, which would delight Maduro after the international opprobrium he has faced all year. The crumbling opposition coalition s main parties - Justice First, Popular Will and Democratic Action - have opted out of Sunday s vote, alleging the election system is biased and designed purely to keep a  dictatorship  in power.  It is crazy not to participate,  said political analyst Dimitris Pantoulas.  The government most likely will have one of the best results in its history ... Maduro will be very strong after this election. He has the political momentum.  The socialists already hold more than 70 percent of Venezuela s mayorships, and are forecast to increase that share, extending their grip at a grassroots level just as Maduro mulls standing for a second six-year term in the OPEC nation. Despite presiding over one of the worst economic meltdowns to hit any country in modern history, and with ratings barely half when he was elected, Maduro is enjoying a political upturn after the October gubernatorial vote.  He is the favorite to be the government s candidate at the 2018 presidential election and could win if the opposition does not re-unite and re-enthuse supporters.  Despite the boycott by major parties, moderate opposition supporters were still planning to vote on Sunday, arguing that it was the only way to stop the socialists amassing power.  Some of the smaller parties are fielding candidates, fuelling acrimony and in-fighting within the coalition.   There s huge frustration at everything that has happened this year ... but we cannot throw in the towel,  said one of those candidates, Yon Goicoechea of Progressive Advance party. Just out of jail for allegedly plotting against Maduro, Goicoechea was running for El Hatillo mayorship outside Caracas.  I can t say when we will achieve democracy - maybe months, maybe years - but we have to fight with our only weapon: votes.  The election was taking place at the end of a fourth year of crushing economic recession that has brought hunger, hardship and shortages to Venezuelans. Yet with the opposition in such disarray, Maduro and his allies are buoyant.   We are going to have a great victory!  said Erika Farias running for a Caracas district mayorship.  We are fulfilling the legacy of our  commander  Hugo Chavez.  With many Venezuelans angry at both the government and opposition, some independents have registered for Sunday s mayorship races, though there is still no sign of a third-way presidential candidate.  The country is demanding an alternative. Mine is a protest campaign,  said Nicmer Evans, running against Farias in the capital s Libertador district for his recently-founded party, New Vision For My Country.  As well as the mayoral elections, voters in oil-rich western Zulia state were choosing a new governor.  The opposition took that state in the October gubernatorial race but the election was annulled after winning candidate Juan Pablo Guanipa refused to swear loyalty to a pro-Maduro legislative superbody.   Results were expected to start coming in on Sunday evening. ",1
12711,"Pope singles out Rome's decay, corruption on traditional feast day","ROME (Reuters) - Pope Francis lamented the decay and degradation of Rome on Friday, using a traditional prayer on a national feast day to highlight problems such as environmental blight and corruption in the Italian capital. Francis made his comments at the base of Rome s famed Spanish Steps, where each year popes pay homage to a statue of the Madonna on the Feast of the Immaculate Conception. Rome has fallen into disrepair and degradation in recent years, with streets full of pot holes, piles of garbage and neglected public gardens where weeds grow as tall as a person. Francis, who is also bishop of Rome, prayed that the residents of the city develop  antibodies against some viruses of our times . Those he listed included  resignation to environmental and ethical degradation,   civic incivility,   contempt for the common good,  and fear of immigrants. In July, two leaders of a crime ring that plundered Rome city coffers were convicted along with some 40 politicians, officials and businessmen, at the end of one of the biggest corruption trials in the Italian capital. Gang members were accused of infiltrating Rome city hall and using bribery and intimidation to get their hands on lucrative public contracts, including those for the running of centers housing immigrants who have flooded into Italy from Africa. On Friday, the pope spoke of the need to help  so many people who have emigrated here from places of war and hunger . The investigation of the crime ring laid bare systemic corruption in the city as politicians, bureaucrats and businessmen hooked up with lowlife criminals to rig public tenders. The corruption was seen as the one of the causes of the recent disrepair and degradation, which has received widespread cover in the foreign media, blemishing the city s appeal as a tourist destination.  ",1
12712,Factbox: What's in the Brexit divorce deal?,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission said on Friday that enough progress had been made in Brexit negotiations to allow a second phase of talks on future relations to begin. The following is a summary of a joint EU-UK report showing the agreements on three key topics: Refers to British citizens, including spouses and children, living in an EU state and other EU nationals living in Britain on date of its withdrawal. It does not give British citizens a right to move from one EU state to another and retain the same rights, while rights for EU and British citizens lapse if they leave their original host country for five years. Negotiations may continue in the second phase, with Britain looking for  onward movement  rights for its citizens on the continent and the EU interested in citizens keeping permanent residence rights even after longer spells absent from the host country. Citizens with permanent residence documents should get new ones free of charge. Equal treatment will cover rights with respect to social security, health care, employment and education. Benefits will be  exportable  as they are now. Future spouses, children and other core family members can join citizens enjoying protected rights. The European Court of Justice (ECJ) is the ultimate arbiter of EU law. The agreement states that  UK courts shall therefore have due regard to relevant decisions of the (ECJ) . The EU and Britain have agreed to set up a mechanism enabling UK courts to ask the ECJ to weigh in when necessary during an eight-year period following Brexit. Eight years is enough to build up a body of common jurisprudence, officials say. Even at present, EU courts are not obliged to allow appeals to the ECJ. In Phase Two, the sides will negotiate on how the withdrawal treaty can be enforced - for example, if the EU believes UK courts are systematically misinterpreting EU citizens  rights. Britain promises to preserve the integrity of its own internal market and Northern Ireland s place within it. It says it does not want a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, saying it aims to avoid checks and controls there via a future EU-UK economic relationship. If this is not possible, Britain says it will propose  specific solutions to address the unique circumstances . In the absence of such solutions, Britain will  maintain full alignment with those rules of the Internal Market and the Customs Union which, now or in the future, support North-South cooperation, the all-island economy and the protection of the 1998 (Good Friday peace) Agreement.  It pledges to ensure there are  no new regulatory barriers  and  unfettered access  for Northern Ireland s businesses to the rest of Britain. Both parties acknowledge that the 1998 agreement recognizes the birth right of all people of Northern Ireland to be Irish, British or both.  Both Parties have agreed a methodology for the financial settlement ... drawn up and paid in euro.  The settlement will be calculated in terms of a percentage of the budget for 2014-2020, with Britain contributing as if it had stayed in the EU for 2019 and 2020 and including a British rebate. Following its withdrawal from the EU, the UK will continue to participate in the EU programs financed by the 2014-2020 budget until their closure. Beyond then, Britain will remain liable for its share of the EU s contingent liabilities, such as financial assistance or operations managed by the European Investment Bank (EIB):  The UK liability will be limited to decisions on each financial operation adopted prior to the date of withdrawal.  To avoid a disruption to the EIB s operations, Britain will provide a guarantee for an amount equal to its callable capital. This guarantee will decrease over time.  The UK share of the paid-in capital will be reimbursed in 12 annual installments starting at the end of 2019. The first eleven installments will be 300 million euros each and the final one will be 195,903,950 euros.  On the European Central Bank,  the paid-in capital of the UK in the ECB will be reimbursed to the Bank of England (BoE) after the date of withdrawal . British officials said they estimated the final bill at some 40-45 billion euros. The EU, which once estimated the cost at around 60 billion, declined to offer its own estimate, arguing that too much is dependent on future variables, such as whether loan guarantees advanced by the EU end up being exercised. Britain would pay 17-18 billion euros to the EU budget between Brexit and the end of the current EU seven-year budget plan in December 2020, British officials estimate, and a further 21-23 billion after that to settle ongoing commitments, plus 2-4 billion euros on net liabilities, including EU staff pensions. ",1
12713,UK's Corbyn wants much more information on EU divorce deal,"GENEVA (Reuters) - British opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn said on Friday he wanted to see much more information about the Brexit divorce deal struck between Prime Minister Theresa May s government and the European Commission. May sealed the deal after a pre-dawn dash to Brussels, thereby clearing the way for the start of arduous talks on future trade ties between Britain and the EU after Brexit. Asked if he thought the deal with the EU was a breakthrough, Corbyn told reporters:  Until I see more of it, no.   Speaking in Geneva after a visit to the United Nations, Corbyn said his party stood ready for another parliamentary election in Britain at any time, noting May s reliance for her majority on Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).  They (the DUP) seem to be calling the shots all the time. They scuppered a deal she was trying to make a few days ago and they clearly put conditions on this, which is why I want to see a much fuller statement than we ve had thus far,  he said. The next election in Britain is not due until 2022, but there has been much media speculation that it could come much earlier due to May s lack of a parliamentary majority and deep divisions within her governing Conservative Party over Brexit. Corbyn said Labour had consistently called for maintaining the benefits of belonging to the EU s customs union and single market during a transitional period as Britain leaves the bloc.  The transitional period is unspecific and I think she needs to bring some clarity to that,  he said. The transition should be long enough to guarantee UK and EU jobs and to deal with common problems, such as regulating airspace, he said. It should also ensure that consumers , workers  and environmental rights were put into British law.   The statements that have been made this morning do not specify what regulatory framework there will be in the future and that remains to be seen, because there are still many people in the Conservative Party who want to live in a de-regulated environment, where Britain basically lowers wages and conditions and the tax take on large corporations.      Corbyn said he hoped Friday s deal included sections on the rights of family reunion for EU and British citizens, adding they should be granted unilaterally and not negotiated. A reference in the deal to involving the European Court of Justice on citizenship issues for up to eight years was a sign that the government accepted the need for judicial oversight of citizens  rights, he said. ",1
12714,France's conservatives choose leader to rattle Macron's perch,"PARIS (Reuters) - In his first seven months in office, President Emmanuel Macron has faced little opposition. But come Sunday, the once-dominant Republicans elect a new leader they hope might recover the party s voice. Frontrunner to lead the party of former presidents Jacques Chirac and Nicolas Sarkozy is Laurent Wauquiez, an ambitious 42-year-old who like Macron passed through the elite ENA school and promises to shake up the political establishment.  There are few policy parallels between the two men, however. Wauquiez is a relentless critic of the 39-year-old president, dismissing him as out of touch with rural France, weak on security and too much in favor of closer European integration.  In his campaign to lead the party, Wauquiez has charted a rightward path to attack Macron s social and economic reforms.   The Right is waking up. It is back and I want to be clear: we re not going to be told what we can say or think any more,  Wauquiez told Reuters.   The future of France s democracy cannot be a centrist swamp that gathers both Socialists and right-wingers around Macron.  He will inherit a party in disarray, divided in its response to both Macron s poaching of party stalwarts and economic policy that encroaches on their turf. Its candidate Francois Fillon was eliminated in the first round of this year s presidential election, and the party has had a caretaker interim leader since. Wauquiez bills himself as the champion of small-town, rural France - a France, he says, with which Macron has no connection as he pursues a  start-up nation .   They have no roots, they are completely out of touch with  reality in this country,  Wauquiez told a rally in Provins, outside Paris, referring to Macron and his lieutenants. Addressing campaign rallies in open-collar shirts, Wauquiez says Macron s tax policy will hammer the middle class and pensioners, denounces his labor reforms as a sham and accuses the government of being too soft on radical Islam.     He has also drawn up future battlelines over the deeper European integration sought by Macron.  He is the leader the Right needs,  said Jacqueline Mercier, 72, after a rally in Paris.  He is young, he is dynamic and his ideas truly represent us.  Not all party loyalists agree and there is discord among its lawmakers too. While Wauquiez is popular with more conservative supporters, his bid to take the party fishing in waters of the far-right National Front alarms party moderates. Several senior-ranking party members have warned they could jump ship.           If the right turns its back on the center, we will be in opposition for 20 years,  said Mael de Calan, one of two junior politicians challenging Wauquiez s leadership bid. Even so, inside Macron s camp, some ministers are cautioning against underestimating the threat of Wauquiez.       We need to be wary because he is very gifted, very strong and there s nothing he won t do. He will establish a violent fight,  Gerald Darmanin, Macron s budget minister and former member of The Republicans, told the newspaper Le Monde. Polls show Wauquiez winning 60 to 75 percent of the votes on Sunday for an outright first-round win. More than 230,000 party members have the right to take part in the online election, but far fewer are expected to do so. France is due to hold its next presidential election in 2022. ",1
12715,Tillerson calls on Saudis to be 'more thoughtful' in Middle East,"PARIS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday questioned some of Saudi Arabia s recent moves in the Middle East, suggesting it should consider its actions more carefully, a rare rebuke when Washington s own policies in the region are under fire.   Publicly, U.S. President Donald Trump, his top aides and senior Saudi officials have hailed what they say is a major improvement in U.S.-Saudi ties compared with relations under former President Barack Obama, who upset the Saudis by sealing a nuclear deal with their arch-foe Iran. However, U.S. diplomats and intelligence analysts privately express anxiety over some of the more hawkish actions by Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, especially towards Yemen, Qatar and Lebanon, as Saudi Arabia seeks to contain Iranian influence.  With respect to Saudi Arabia s engagement with Qatar, how they re handling the Yemen war that they re engaged in, the Lebanon situation, we would encourage them to be a bit more measured and a bit more thoughtful in those actions to, I think, fully consider the consequences,  Tillerson told a news conference alongside his French counterpart Jean-Yves Le Drian. In Yemen, Riyadh is leading an Arab military coalition against the Houthi movement that controls the capital. In recent weeks it imposed a blockade of ports, threatening to worsen what the United Nations says could become one of the worst famines in modern times. Saudi Arabia has also led neighboring Gulf Arab countries this year in cutting off trade and diplomatic ties with their neighbor Qatar, which Riyadh says supports terrorism. Qatar is an important American ally and home to a big U.S. air base. A month ago, the prime minister of Lebanon announced he was resigning while on a visit to Saudi Arabia. He returned home two weeks later and withdrew his resignation last week, drawing a line under the episode. Tillerson s comments were the latest sign of U.S. concern over aspects of the kingdom s foreign policy after Trump on Wednesday issued a one-paragraph statement demanding the Saudis allow immediate humanitarian aid to reach the Yemeni people. Although the blockade showed signs of breaking this week, Yemen s situation remains dire. About 8 million people are on the brink of famine with outbreaks of cholera and diphtheria.  We have called for a complete end of the blockade in Yemen and the opening of all ports. We are asking Saudi Arabia to allow that access,  Tillerson said. Tillerson s comments appear to be the first time the United States had publicly linked Saudi Arabia to the political crisis that broke out in Lebanon after Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri announced his resignation last month in Riyadh.  I think as to Lebanon, things have worked out in a very positive way,  Tillerson said.  Perhaps even more positive than before, because there have been very strong statements of affirmation for Lebanon, which will only be helpful.  Tillerson s rebuke comes at a time when Washington needs support from its major Arab ally, after Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel earlier this week.  When asked whether there was room for Palestinians also to achieve their goal of having part of Jerusalem as their capital, Tillerson emphasized that Trump s move was not intended to shut down their demands over the city.  In fact, he was very clear, I think, the final status of Jerusalem, including the borders, would be left to the parties to negotiate and decide,  Tillerson said. ",1
12716,Criticism of Ukraine's language law justified: rights body,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine s neighbors have a right to criticize a new Ukrainian law banning schools from teaching in minority languages beyond primary school level, a leading European rights watchdog said on Friday. Ukraine has sizeable Russian, Hungarian and Romanian minorities but passed the school-language legislation on Sept. 5, angering Hungary in particular, which threatened to retaliate by blocking Kiev s hopes of EU integration. Kiev has submitted the law for review by the Venice Commission, a body which rules on rights and democracy disputes in Europe and whose decisions member states, which include Ukraine, commit to respecting. In an opinion adopted formally on Friday, the commission said it was legitimate for Ukraine to address inequalities by helping citizens gain fluency in the state language, Ukrainian.  However, the strong domestic and international criticism drawn especially by the provisions reducing the scope of education in minority languages seems justified,  it said in a statement. It said the ambiguous wording of parts of the  Article 7  legislation raised questions about how the shift to all-Ukrainian secondary education would be implemented while safeguarding the rights of ethnic minorities. As of 2015, Ukraine had 621 schools that taught in Russian, 78 in Romanian, 68 in Hungarian and five in Polish, according to education ministry data. The commission said a provision in the new law to allow some subjects to be taught in official EU languages, such as Hungarian, Romanian and Polish, appeared to discriminate against speakers of Russian, the most widely used non-state language.  The less favorable treatment of these (non-EU) languages is difficult to justify and therefore raises issues of discrimination,  it said. Language is a sensitive issue in Ukraine.  After the pro-European Maidan uprising in 2014, the decision to scrap a law allowing some regions to use Russian as an official second language fueled anti-Ukrainian unrest in the east that escalated into a Russia-backed separatist insurgency. The latest education bill has damaged Ukraine s ties with its Western neighbors however.  In October, Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said the issue had driven relations to their lowest since Ukraine won independence following the Soviet Union s break-up in 1991. Ukraine said it was willing to discuss minorities  concerns and will bear the commission s opinion and recommendations in mind when fine-tuning the law. In a statement released while the commission was still in session, the education ministry said the watchdog s position was  balanced and constructive.   Together with national communities, the ministry will work on further developing various approaches on education of minorities, taking into account their educational needs,  the statement said.  The main goal is to provide a sufficient level of fluency in both the state and native languages.  ",1
12717,Swiss propose house arrest for people seen as security threats,"ZURICH (Reuters) - The Swiss government proposed on Friday allowing house arrest for people seen as posing a security threat even if they are not suspected of a specific crime. The step is part of an anti-terrorism package the country is drawing up to plug what it sees as gaps in its legal system when it comes to people it calls  potential threats .  At the moment police and justice officials have their hands tied in acting effectively against such people as long as no criminal investigation is under way,  Justice Minister Simonetta Sommargua told a news conference. She cited the example of three Iraqis convicted in 2016 of supporting banned jihadist group Islamic State who are now free after being released from prison even though authorities still view them as a security threat. Under the proposals, which are open for comment before they go to parliament, the state could require such people to report regularly to authorities as some soccer hooligans now do, and restrict their movements and contacts. House arrest would be the last resort and require a judge s approval.  Sommaruga said the government would carefully balance the need for security against protecting the rule of law.  If we would put whole groups under blanket suspicion, for instance via sweeping surveillance of mosques or demanding preventative custody for as many as possible, we would only be creating red tape and spinning our wheels, which costs a lot and in the end brings nothing,  she said. Switzerland on Monday released a national plan to prevent violent extremism, including training teachers and sports coaches to recognize warning signs. The Swiss so far have avoided the kind of attacks that have hit neighboring Germany and France, but the Swiss Intelligence Service said last month it was tracking 550 people deemed a potential risk as part of its  jihad monitoring program,  up from 497 at the end of 2016. Last month, Swiss and French police combined in a cross-border anti-terrorism swoop in which 10 people were arrested. Several high-profile criminal prosecutions have targeted people accused of supporting banned groups such al Qaeda or Islamic State. Neutral Switzerland has not fought in the conflicts in the Middle East, but some fear domestic policies could put it in the crosshairs of militants. Voters in 2009 banned the construction of new minarets, and the Italian-speaking canton of Ticino banned facial coverings. Bern is also tightening anti-terrorism laws, a push that could toughen sentences for people who support militancy and boost cooperation with foreign intelligence services. ",1
12718,"After stinging Athens, Turkey's Erdogan woos crowds in northern Greece","KOMOTINI, Greece (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan gave out toy cars and dolls to children on the final leg of a visit to Greece on Friday, a trip meant to boost ties but which has exposed the deep rifts between the two neighbors. Erdogan visited the Muslim community in Komotini, a town in northern Greece which once belonged to the Ottoman Empire. A day earlier, he riled his Greek hosts by suggesting the 130,000 Muslims in the region were discriminated against by Athens.  We have made very important decisions to meet the needs of our ethnically Greek citizens, and it is our right to expect similar behavior from Greece,  he told cheering crowds outside a school in the region. Turkey has frequently found fault with the appointment by Athens of local Muslim clerics - known as Muftis - instead of recognizing those elected by the local population. Erdogan is the first Turkish president to visit Greece in 65 years, but he has put Athens on the defensive by remarking that a decades-old treaty needs revision. The treaty, among other things, defines the boundaries between the two countries. None of that controversy was apparent on Friday, as hundreds of well-wishers gathered outside a mosque in Komotini to welcome Erdogan. Aides carried bags stuffed with toys, which Erdogan gave out to children. Some supporters shouted  Leader  as he made his way through the crowds. Greek police snipers were stationed on nearby buildings and security was tight.  Erdogan is very popular among the Muslim community in the area. He is an ordinary person close to the people,  said Ahmet Hoca, 57, a farmer. Closer to Istanbul than to Athens, this community in northern Greece sometimes feels uneasy with the disputes between the two countries, which range from airspace in the Aegean Sea to minority rights.  When someone asks you whom you love more, your mother or your father, what are you supposed to answer? You love them both,  said resident Hussein Kara, 64. After World War One and the collapse of the Ottoman Empire, the 1923 Treaty of Lausanne pushed modern Turkey s borders eastwards.  About 1.3 million ethnic Greeks, and 356,000 Turks, moved between Turkey and Greece in a population exchange. The deal excluded Muslim inhabitants of Western Thrace, which includes Komotini, and more than 200,000 Greeks then living in Istanbul. Fewer than 3,000 ethnic Greeks now live in Istanbul. ",1
12719,At least 45 killed in ethnic fighting in South Sudan: official,"JUBA (Reuters) - At least 45 people have died in fighting between ethnic groups in South Sudan s northern state of Western Lakes, a local official said, in a new source of violence in a country already devastated by a four-year civil war. Shadrack Bol Maachok, the state s information minister, said the clashes in Malek county started after a group of young people from the Ruop ethnic group attacked rival youth from the Pakam tribe on Wednesday and Thursday. Early on Friday, the Pakam fighters launched a revenge assault on the Ruop, with the fighting still raging late into the day.  It was a very heavy fighting, it has left more than 45 people dead and many injured,  he said. The death toll is likely to climb as the area is remote and officials are still trying to gather information on the incident, he said. In the clashes, houses were burned down and properties destroyed, Maachok said, adding that South Sudan s military, SPLA, had deployed troops from the state capital Rumbek to try to stop the violence. The UN mission in South Sudan UNMISS estimated the death toll at more than 50 and said it had dispatched a military patrol to the area to establish the level of destruction and the impact on civilians.  We hope to engage the leaders of the fighting parties to press the need to refrain from revenge attacks. We will also intensify patrols to deter further violence,  UNMISS said. South Sudan was plunged into war in 2013 after a political disagreement between President Salva Kiir and his former vice president Riek Machar escalated into a military confrontation. The fighting has killed tens of thousands, uprooted about a quarter of the country s population of 12 million people and left its small, oil-dependant economy moribund. Violence between rival communities is common in parts of South Sudan, often triggered by quarrels over scarce grazing land and cultural and political grievances. But the death toll is rarely large. The minister said this week s skirmishes stemmed from disputes dating back to 2013 but it was not clear what exactly sparked the grievances. ",1
12720,"Britain, EU clinch Brexit 'breakthrough' with move to trade talks","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union struck a divorce deal on Friday that paves the way for arduous talks on future trade ties, easing immediate pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May and boosting hopes of an orderly Brexit. May rushed to Brussels before dawn to seal a European Commission agreement that  sufficient progress  had been made to begin talks about trade and a two-year Brexit transition period that will start when Britain leaves the EU on March 29, 2019. Negotiators in London, Brussels and Dublin worked through the night before breaking an impasse over the status of the Irish border, the last major obstacle to the opening of trade talks which EU leaders are due to bless at a summit on Dec. 15. But though the Irish prime minister called a British pledge to avoid a destabilising  hard border  for Northern Ireland a  bullet-proof  commitment, one senior EU official conceded that wording to appease May s Belfast allies was a  fudge  which had simply put off until later the need to  square the circle . While Northern Ireland would remain aligned with the rules of the EU s single market and customs union under which member state Ireland operates, May s government is officially committed to leaving both the single market and customs union.  Actual negotiations on a trade pact that may take several years to agree may not start for some months. But EU officials said they should be ready to start rapid talks in January to give May the transition period she wants to reassure business that not much will change for a couple of years after Brexit. Speaking before sunrise at the EU executive s headquarters after a hurried flight on a Royal Air Force plane, May said opening up trade talks would bring certainty for citizens and businesses about Britain s future after quitting the EU.  The most difficult challenge is still ahead,  European Council President Donald Tusk cautioned.  We all know that breaking up is hard. But breaking up and building a new relationship is much harder.  May, looking weary after just a couple of hours sleep, spoke after Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker announced the breakthrough, first in English and then in German and French. The move to agree trade talks 18 months after the United Kingdom s shock vote to exit the EU allayed some fears of a disorderly Brexit that could disrupt trade between the world s biggest trading bloc and its sixth-largest national economy. Sterling was dented when last-minute objections from Belfast forced May to abort a deal on Monday while already in Brussels, but it climbed to a six-month high against the euro EURGBP=D3 on Friday. It later gave up earlier gains and turned lower on the day against the EU common currency as investors took profits after a sharp rally in recent days.     Facing 27 other members of the bloc, May largely conceded to the EU on the structure, timetable and substance of the negotiations. Moving to talks about trade and a Brexit transition was crucial for May s own future after her premiership was thrown into doubt when she lost the ruling Conservative Party its majority in an unwisely called snap election in June.  I very much welcome the prospect of moving ahead,  said May, a 61-year-old Anglican vicar s daughter who herself voted to stay in the EU in the June 2016 referendum but has repeatedly insisted Britain will make a success of Brexit. A senior British banker said the deal signalled May would stay in power for now and that Britain was heading toward a much closer post-Brexit relationship with the EU than many had feared.  Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar agreed.  ...What phase one was always about was narrowing the parameters, and we are now funnelling and directing things into a situation where I believe the United Kingdom including Northern Ireland will remain in alignment with the EU on lots of regulations,  he told Irish national broadcaster RTE on Friday evening. Heralding pitfalls ahead, however, Scotland s leader Nicola Sturgeon swiftly cited the promise of free trade on the Irish border as removing an argument used to dissuade Scots from breaking their union with England to rejoin the European Union. Draft guidelines showed the transition period, which would start on March 30, 2019, could last around two years, as May has requested. During that time, Britain will remain part of the EU s customs union and single market but no longer take part in EU institutions or have a vote.  It will also still be subject to EU law.   Pro-Brexit Conservative lawmakers rallied around her after the deal. This looked like a signal that the party, which has been split over EU membership for generations, was not preparing to ditch her immediately despite the election fiasco in June that left her government dependent on the support of Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP). British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who spearheaded the 2016 Brexit campaign, congratulated May, adding that Britain would now take back control of its laws, money and borders. Supporters of a radical Brexit were tougher. Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage struck a jarring note saying it was extraordinary a British premier had conceded so much in the middle of the night, agreeing to all the demands of Juncker, Tusk and EU negotiator Michel Barnier.  The British prime minister has to fly through the middle of the night to go and meet three unelected people, who condescendingly say:  Now, jolly well done May, you ve met every single one of our demands, thank you very much, we can now move on to the next stage .  Asked for an example of the EU conceding something to London, which says it will pay 40-45 billion euros over many years to meet EU obligations, Barnier said Brussels dropped a demand that Britain bear relocation costs for two EU agencies that are leaving London - costs in the hundreds of millions. Juncker once put the Brexit bill at some 60 billion euros ( 52.7 billion) but Barnier said it was not possible to calculate a firm figure as much depended on future developments.  Jeremy Corbyn, the socialist leader of Britain s main opposition Labour party, said on Friday he wanted to see much more information about the divorce deal before he could judge whether it was a breakthrough. Corbyn said Labour had consistently called for maintaining the benefits of belonging to the EU s customs union and single market during a transitional period as Britain leaves the bloc.  The transitional period is unspecific and I think she needs to bring some clarity to that,  he said on a visit to Geneva. The EU had insisted it would only move on to trade talks if there was enough progress on three key issues: the money Britain must pay to the EU; rights for EU citizens in Britain and British citizens in the EU; and how to avoid a hard border with Ireland.  I believe we have now made the breakthrough we needed,  Juncker said. On citizens rights, London and Brussels agreed to offer equal treatment on social security, healthcare, employment and education and that Britain will enable its judges to ask the European Court of Justice to weigh in when necessary for eight years after Brexit, aiming to create a common body of law. But the crucial breakthrough was on the future of the 310-mile (500-km) UK-EU land border on the island of Ireland. The  Northern Irish DUP had vetoed a draft deal on Monday. May stayed up most of the night into Friday, grabbing just a couple of hours sleep, as she worked the phones from Downing Street to secure agreement from Dublin, Brussels and the DUP. They agreed to avoid a hard border which might upset the peace established after decades of Protestant-Catholic violence, but said the details would be agreed as part of talks about the future relationship, according to a 15-page negotiators report. Britain agreed that should London and Brussels fail to agree a final Brexit deal, the United Kingdom will maintain  full alignment  with those rules of the internal market and customs union that help protect north-south cooperation in Ireland.   In all circumstances, the United Kingdom will continue to ensure the same unfettered access for Northern Ireland s businesses to the whole of the United Kingdom internal market,  it said.  The DUP gave only a conditional endorsement of the new terms:  We cautioned the prime minister about proceeding with this agreement in its present form given the issues which still need to be resolved,  its leader Arlene Foster said.   Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed and how we vote on the final deal will depend on its contents.  It remains unclear how Britain can fully meet all three key pledges it has made on the border: keeping Northern Irish rules in line with the EU, keeping Northern Ireland aligned with the UK mainland and allowing the UK to diverge from EU regulations.  It s still a fudge,  said one senior EU official.  They put off squaring the circle till later. But how can they do it?  For Brussels and Dublin, however, the key commitment was the first.  The rest is Theresa May s problem,  the official said. ($1 = 0.8510 euros) ",1
12721,Egyptian Muslim leader rejects meeting with U.S. Pence over Jerusalem: statement,"CAIRO (Reuters) - One of Egypt s top Muslim leaders, the Imam of Al Azhar mosque, rejected a meeting requested by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence in protest against a U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, Al Azhar said in a statement on Friday. Sheikh Ahmed al-Tayeb had rejected a request from the United States for Pence to meet him on Dec. 20 at Al Azhar saying President Donald Trump must reverse his decision on Jerusalem. ",1
12722,"Iranians rally against Trump's Jerusalem move, burn U.S. flags: TV","ANKARA (Reuters) - Hundreds of Iranians took part in rallies across the country on Friday to condemn U.S. President Donald Trump s decision this week to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, state TV reported.      Leaders of Iran, where opposition to Israel and support for the Palestinian cause has been central to foreign policy since the 1979 Islamic revolution, have denounced Trump s move, including his plan to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem. State TV aired footage of marchers chanting  Death to America  and  Death to Israel , holding up Palestinian flags and banners saying:  Quds belongs to Muslims , using the Arabic name for the city. In several cities protesters burned effigies of Trump, Iranian media reported.  Iran regards Palestine as comprising all of the holy land, including the Jewish state, which it does not recognize. It has repeatedly called for the destruction of Israel and backs several Islamic militant groups in their fight against Israel.  Describing the United States and Israel as oppressors, Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Wednesday that Trump s decision was a sign of incompetence and failure.  Opposition to Trump s move has united Iran s hardline and pragmatist factions, with both pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani and commanders of the hardline Revolutionary Guards urging Iranians to join nationwide  Day of Rage  rallies.  Some protesters burned pictures of Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu while chanting  Death to the Devil .  Rouhani rejected Trump s decision as  wrong, illegitimate, provocative and very dangerous . Senior cleric Ayatollah Ahmad Khatami told worshippers at Friday prayers at Tehran University that Muslims around the world should unite against Israel, state TV reported.   We will not leave Palestinians alone,  worshippers chanted at Friday prayers in Tehran, TV reported. Iran s army chief Major General Mohammad Bagheri said Trump s decision on Jerusalem was  unwise  and could fuel tension in the crisis-hit Middle East, Iran s state news agency IRNA reported. ",1
12723,U.N. calls on social media giants to control platforms used to lure African migrants,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. migration agency called on social media giants on Friday to make it harder for people smugglers to use their platforms to lure West African migrants to Libya where they can face detention, torture, slavery or death. The smugglers often use Facebook to reach would-be migrants with false promises of jobs in Europe, International Organization for Migration (IOM) spokesman Leonard Doyle said. When migrants are tortured, video is also sometimes sent back to their families over WhatsApp, as a means of extortion, he said.  We really ... ask social media companies to step up and behave in a responsible way when people are being lured to deaths, to their torture,  Doyle told a Geneva news briefing. There were no immediate replies from Facebook or WhatsApp to requests by Reuters for comment. Hundreds of thousands of migrants have attempted to cross the Mediterranean to Europe since 2014 and 3,091 have died en route this year alone, many after passing through Libya. This year, the number of migrants entering Europe is 165,000, about 100,000 fewer than all of last year, but the influx has presented a political problem for European countries. IOM has been in discussions with social media providers about its concerns, Doyle said, adding:  And so far to very little effect. What they say is  please tell us the pages and we will shut them down .  It is not our job to police Facebook s pages. Facebook should police its own pages,  he said. Africa represents a big and expanding market for social media but many people are unemployed and vulnerable, he said.  Facebook is pushing out, seeking market share across West Africa and pushing out so-called free basics, which allows ... a  dumb phone  to get access to Facebook. So you are one click from the smuggler, one click from the lies,  he said. Social media companies are  giving a turbo-charged communications channel to criminals, to smugglers, to traffickers, to exploiters , he added. Images broadcast by CNN last month appeared to show migrants being auctioned off as slaves by Libyan traffickers. This sparked anger in Europe and Africa and highlighted the risks migrants face. Doyle called for social media companies to invest in civic-minded media outreach and noted that on Google, pop-up windows appear if a user is looking at pornography images, to warn of danger or criminality. The IOM has helped 13,000 migrants to return voluntarily to Nigeria, Guinea and other countries from Libya this year. It  provides them with transport and pocket money and documents their often harrowing testimonies.  Doyle said it was currently repatriating 4,000 migrants to Niger. Switzerland said on Friday it was willing to take in up to 80 refugees in Libya in need of protection, among 5,000 whom the UN refugee agency says are in a precarious position. ",1
12724,Poland's president designates finance minister Morawiecki as new PM,WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s President Andrzej Duda designated Finance Minister Mateusz Morawiecki as the country s new prime minister after Beata Szydlo tendered her resignation. The ruling conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party decided on Thursday to swap Szydlo for Morawiecki as they gear up for a series of elections due in the next three years. ,1
12725,"Questions on free movement, red tape linger in Brexit citizens' deal","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s agreement with the European Union over key Brexit terms still leaves major issues like freedom of movement undecided, some campaigners said on Friday. Prime Minister Theresa May and EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker unveiled an agreement earlier on the Irish border, citizens  rights and the Brexit bill, opening the way for talks on trade and a transition period. While the status of the EU s only land border with the United Kingdom was perhaps the thorniest issue, the deal safeguarding the rights of 3 million EU citizens in Britain and around 1.2 million Britons living elsewhere in the EU will affect households across the continent. London and Brussels agreed to offer equal treatment in social security, health care, employment and education and to let British judges ask the European Court of Justice to weigh in when necessary for eight years after Brexit. But Jane Golding, who heads British in Europe, a coalition of 10 citizens  groups representing around 35,000 Britons living in the rest of the bloc, said fundamental issues had not been dealt with.   The really big one is free movement, and we are worried that that is just simply going to be deferred until the next phase,  Golding, a Briton who has lived in Berlin for nine years, told Reuters.  In future, if you don t have the right of free movement, the right to go and work and live in those other countries and have your qualifications recognized in those other countries, you could be passed up for those opportunities, and that s going to impact your career,  she said. EU and British officials say that British citizens on the continent will, as things stand, only have rights in the member state they are living in on the day of Brexit.  However, the two sides are prepared to negotiate further on this next year.  Britain, for example, had earlier offered a lifetime guarantee of residence rights but that is, for the time being, off the table, with people losing those rights if they leave the country for five years. However, that is an area where both sides may continue to look for tradeoffs.  Getting a deal that works is crucial to both Britain, the world s sixth-largest economy, and the EU, the world s biggest trading bloc. Britons hold positions in major businesses across the continent and take advantage of overseas study schemes such as Erasmus, while tens of thousands of elderly people rely on EU agreements for access to public services and their pensions in countries such as Spain. EU citizens fill key roles in Britain s state-run health service, construction sector and many professional jobs, with British business leaders keen to retain unfettered access to the continent s labor market. Nicolas Hatton, co-chair of campaign group the3million, said he was unhappy that the deal backed Britain s stance of making EU citizens apply to remain in the country.  All EU citizens here will need to apply to stay, while so far we were granted residents  rights,  he told Reuters.  This application process will be made with the Home Office and with the current hostile environment policy ... We are very worried. There will be errors, there will be mistakes, people will be affected by these mistakes,  he said. Responding to fears of overly bureaucratic barriers, Friday s joint report from the negotiators emphasized that the process for applying to remain will be as transparent and easy as possible.   Application forms will be short, simple, user-friendly and adjusted to the context of the Withdrawal Agreement,  it reads. But Britons in the EU face uncertainty as to what the process may involve in different member states, while Europeans in Britain have complained about the need to fill in an 85-page application form for residency and to produce tax returns and provide details of their movements over the last five years.  At an early morning media conference in Brussels, May offered reassurance to Europeans:  They will be able to go on living their lives as before,  she said. ",1
12726,"Arrests, judicial reforms under Macri worry Argentina opposition","BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s President Mauricio Macri has pushed out the chief prosecutor, argued for federal judges to be fired and is planning judicial reforms as charges pile up against his predecessor s government.  Macri s supporters have cheered what they see as an overdue effort to reform Argentina s sluggish judiciary. But his opponents smell a witch hunt against former leader Cristina Fernandez and fear the government is trying to use the courts to eliminate opponents.  On Thursday, a federal judge dealt the hardest blow yet to Fernandez, asking for Congress to remove her immunity as a senator so she could be arrested.  The judge indicted Fernandez for treason and allegedly covering up Iran s role in a 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center that killed 85 people. That followed the arrest of two key officials from Fernandez s administration days after Macri s coalition swept mid-term elections on Oct. 22.  Former planning minister Julio De Vido was detained on Oct. 25, followed by former vice president Amado Boudou on Nov. 3. Both deny wrongdoing.  Fernandez has denied personal wrongdoing and accuses Macri of using the judiciary for political persecution.   I d like to tell President Macri that the campaign ended in October, although some people have not noticed,  Fernandez told a news conference on Thursday.  She was also indicted a year ago on charges she ran a corruption scheme with her public works secretary, who was caught trying to stash millions of dollars in a convent. Fernandez has admitted there may have been corruption in her government but personally denies wrongdoing. Macri, meanwhile, has pledged to strengthen the judiciary and says he will make it more independent. He plans changes to the federal prosecutors  office and a reform of the Judicial Council, which appoints judges.  The reforms would require congressional approval and a source from Macri s coalition said they would be presented next year, after higher profile tax and labor reforms are debated. Unions and allies of Fernandez oppose many of the center-right Macri s economic measures. So do many judges, who are historically staunch defenders of workers  rights.   They are using the Council to tame judges who dare to make rulings that reverse government decisions,  said Rodolfo Tailhade, a Judicial Council member and a lawmaker allied with Fernandez.  Tailhade and a federal judge, who requested anonymity, both said the reform may allow the removal of judges for poor performance with a simple majority rather than the current nine out of 13 votes. The Council is a mix of political appointments, judges and lawyers. The justice ministry did not respond to a request for comment. Justice Minister German Garavano recently told Radio 10 the executive branch  does not exert pressure on judges.  He said the judicial system needs structural change to reduce a backlog of cases.  Tensions with prosecutors, some of whom are allied with Fernandez, have also increased. Former chief prosecutor Alejandra Gils Carbo resigned in October over accusations she hampered corruption investigations of Fernandez s government. Macri described Gils Carbo as a  political activist  who misused her power. Among the names mentioned as a possible replacement for her are officials who have advocated more aggressive investigation of the previous government. Another prosecutor, who declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information, said colleagues are worried about potential government intervention.   However, some recent court cases have also involved people close to Macri. A prosecutor last week recommended courts freeze 54 billion pesos ($3.12 billion) in assets belonging to construction magnate Angel Calcaterra, a cousin of Macri, over suspicion of bribe payments linked to Brazil s Odebrecht. Calcaterra denies wrongdoing but sold his stake in the company, Iecsa, to avoid conflicts of interest that could arise due to Macri s position. Even opponents of Fernandez have warned Macri to tread carefully with judicial reform.  The reform...cannot be used to pursue judges or prosecutors,  said congresswoman Margarita Stolbizer, a member of a more moderate opposition party.  ",1
12727,Russia says ready to exert influence on North Korea: Ifax," (Corrects source in headline and first paragraph of Dec. 5 story; adds source in third paragraph) By Vladimir Soldatkin MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has communication channels with North Korea open and Moscow is ready to exert its influence on Pyongyang, Interfax news agency quoted Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov as saying on Tuesday.  We have channels, through which we are conducting a dialogue, and we are ready to deploy them, we are ready to exert our influence on North Korea,  Morgulov was quoted as saying at a conference in Berlin.      He also said that neither Washington nor Pyongyang want a real war  but such scenarios exist , according to RIA news agency. The Kremlin has traditionally protected the reclusive state though the latest Pyongyang tests have irked Moscow. North Korea, which conducted its sixth and largest nuclear bomb test in September, has tested dozens of ballistic missiles under Kim Jong Un s leadership in defiance of international sanctions. Morgulov called for other measures than isolation to exercise in dealing with North Korea.  We believe that the isolation alone...will not work, this won t take us forward. By doing this, we will only worsen the situation, which is dangerous. We are really on the brink of a real war,  he said. In Washington, a U.S. State Department spokeswoman said the Trump administration still wanted a peaceful, diplomatic solution to the nuclear and missile threat from Pyongyang but said:  (North Korea) has shown through its actions that it is not interested in talks. We must remain focused on increasing the costs for Pyongyang to continue to advance its WMD programs.  Morgulov was also quoted as saying that North Korea was seeking a direct dialogue with the United States on its nuclear program, while it was not in need of security guarantees either from China or Russia. ",1
12728,"Head of Zimbabwe election commission quits, source says","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) chairwoman Rita Makarau resigned on Friday, months before a vote whose credibility is crucial to the new army-backed government s efforts to re-engage international lenders and lure investors, a senior government source said. Makarau, seen as an ally of 93-year-old former president Robert Mugabe, gave no reason for her resignation, the official, who declined to be named, said. President Emmerson Mnangagwa, who was sworn in two weeks ago in the wake of the de facto military coup that ended Mugabe s 37-year rule, pledged to hold elections as scheduled next year. Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa mentioned the credibility of the elections at least five times in a budget speech on Thursday, a sign of the vote s importance in shoring up Harare s democratic legitimacy. Opposition parties have demanded reforms to an electoral system they say is skewed in the ruling ZANU-PF party s favor. Makarau, who has been accused of being partisan, was overseeing an overhaul of the voters  roll, which the opposition Movement for Democratic Change has described as  shambolic . Makarau did not answer her mobile phone. A spokesman for the ZEC was unable to confirm Makarau s departure. ",1
12729,"World powers push Saudis, Iran to stop interfering in Lebanon","PARIS (Reuters) - World powers attempted to shore up Lebanon s stability on Friday by pushing Saudi Arabia and Iran to stop interfering in its politics and urging Hezbollah to rein in its regional activities. Lebanon plunged into crisis on Nov. 4 when Saad al-Hariri resigned as prime minister while he was in Saudi Arabia, saying he feared assassination and criticizing the Saudis  regional arch-rival Iran along with its Lebanese ally Hezbollah. After international pressure and negotiations between Lebanese political factions, he rescinded his resignation on Tuesday and his coalition government, which includes Hezbollah, reaffirmed a state policy of staying out of conflicts in Arab states. The International Lebanon Support Group (GIS), a body that includes the five members of the U.N. Security Council   Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States   met in  Paris on Friday to try to reinforce Hariri s hand to prevent a new escalation.  Disassociation applies to everyone - inside and outside,  Jean-Yves Le Drian said at a news conference with Hariri after the meeting.  These principles were reaffirmed this morning,  he said, later referring specifically to both Iran and Saudi Arabia. Without naming Hezbollah, he urged all sides not to  import regional tensions  into Lebanon. Hariri said that any breach of the policy of non-interference would drag Lebanon back into the  danger zone .  The disassociation policy is in the overarching interest of Lebanon,  he said.  The meeting had earlier been opened by President Emmanuel Macron. He has invested political capital in the crisis and leveraged France s close relations with both Lebanon and Saudi Arabia to secure a deal that saw Hariri travel to Paris and open the door to a resolution of the crisis last month.  (The Group) calls upon all Lebanese parties to implement this tangible policy of disassociation from and non-interference in external conflicts, as an important priority,  the final communique read. Saudi concern over the influence wielded by Shi ite Muslim Iran and Hezbollah in other Arab states had been widely seen as the root cause of the crisis, which raised fears for Lebanon s economic and political stability. The Lebanese policy of  dissociation  was declared in 2012 to keep the deeply divided state out of regional conflicts such as the civil war in neighboring Syria. Despite the policy, Hezbollah is heavily involved there, sending thousands of fighters to help Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. He said that while the diplomatic language for the final declaration would not single out any party, the message was that Saudi Arabia and Iran should not influence Lebanese politics and that Hezbollah should rein in its regional activities.  Friday s meeting isn t anti-Saudi or anti-Iranian, it s pro-Lebanon,  a senior French diplomat said before the meeting.  Highlighting the difficulties of upholding such a policy, Hezbollah backed calls on Thursday for a new Palestinian uprising in reaction to U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of disputed Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  The stability of Lebanon may seem like a small miracle given the many conflicts that destabilize the region, but it is maintained at the cost of sacrifice, dialogue and compromise,  Hariri said earlier alongside Macron. Those attending Friday s meeting also committed to  strengthening the Lebanese army through a conference in Rome and to support a meeting in Brussels also in 2018 to discuss how to help Lebanon cope with the 1.4 million refugees it hosts. A separate donor conference will also take place in March in Paris to boost the country s economy with a view to stimulating investments once expected legislative elections take place in May. ",1
12730,The last hours of Yemen's Saleh,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A day before they killed Yemen s former president, gunmen from the Iran-aligned Houthi militia group overran one of Ali Abdullah Saleh s fortified compounds in Sanaa. Ransacking the villa, they snapped photos of liquor flasks and vodka bottles and posted them online.  This is how the traitor (Saleh) and his family lived during a time of war, siege and cholera,  Hamid Rizq, a senior Houthi official, said on his official Twitter account. The Houthi gunmen acted fast and mercilessly to punish the 75-year-old Saleh for having appeared to switch sides in Yemen s three-year civil war - a proxy battle for influence between regional powers Iran and Saudi Arabia.  Allied with the Houthis for three years, Saleh had called on Saturday for a  new page  in relations with Saudi Arabia. The murder is a setback for Riyadh, which had hoped the backing of Saleh   and his loyalist army units in northern Yemen - would help close a war that has killed 10,000 people and caused one of the world s most acute humanitarian crises. Saudi Arabia fears the Houthis will become as powerful a force in the Middle East as Lebanon s Iran-backed Hezbollah. The Houthis are holding their ground despite air strikes by Saudi Arabia and its allied forces and a naval blockade that has prevented food, medicine and fuel from arriving in Houthi-controlled northern areas, bringing the region to the brink of famine.  Last month, the Houthis fired a ballistic missile into Riyadh. Now, the Saudis are turning their hopes to Saleh s son Ahmed Ali   and his good ties with Saudi ally United Arab Emirates   to do the job his father couldn t. Photos of Ahmed Ali, a military leader admired by thousands of soldiers in Houthi-run lands, appeared on the front page of UAE newspapers on Wednesday meeting the UAE s de-facto leader Mohammed bin Zayed. Saleh s death caps a 40-year political career that charts Yemen s tragic modern history. A country with few natural resources, awash in weapons and fractured along tribal and religious lines, Yemen has long been buffeted by its powerful neighbors, particularly Saudi Arabia. Saleh was the first leader of a unified Yemen in 1990. But he shifted loyalties various times - fighting the Houthis in the 2000s, for example - as the plates of influence shifted in the Middle East. In this latest geopolitical drama, the UAE is emerging as playmaker in the Yemen crisis. The UAE has been financing and training armed groups that have been pushing toward the Red Sea port of Hodeida, a Houthi stronghold and entry point for supplies getting to millions of civilians in northern Yemen. The Saleh family has long enjoyed good relations with the wealthy Gulf state, which had over the decades funded infrastructure projects in Yemen before becoming a key member of the Saudi-led coalition. Hamza al-Houthi, a top Houthi leader, said the Houthis had suspected the Saleh family s allegiance to the Saudi-held coalition for some time and that tensions had been brewing since August. Al-Houthi said his troops had intercepted UAE arms shipments bound for Saleh s family late last month. As punishment, the Houthis killed his nephew Tareq on Monday. Joost Hiltermann of the International Crisis Group said the latest events mean the war in Yemen is likely to escalate.  The Houthis, while an important military force, are not particularly adept at politics or governance. Their reach...in the population is limited, and over time that will play into their opponents  hands.  But that won t happen anytime soon, so it looks like the conflict will worsen.  Saleh s relationship with Saudi Arabia and its allies has been marked by politics and prayer.  Over the past few decades, Riyadh has tried, in succession, to quash an anti-royalist revolution, Marxism and al Qaeda militancy in Yemen. Riyadh backed Saleh, an Arab nationalist strongman, between 1978 and 2012 to help him quash those ideologies before they could seep next door to Saudi Arabia. But as Arab Spring protests rocked Yemen swept through the Middle East, Riyadh realized Saleh was no longer strong enough for the job and backed a transition to his deputy Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. When the Houthis attacked Sanaa in 2014 and swept Hadi into Saudi exile, Riyadh began the bombing campaign that continues today. At that time, Saleh took one of the riskiest gambles of his turbulent career, allying himself to the Houthis, heirs to a theocratic sect that ruled Yemen for a thousand years. Saleh s Yemeni military   which had jets, tank brigades and long-range missiles  had fought the Houthis in six wars over ten years at the time Saleh had allied himself with Saudi and Western powers. With Saleh s experience administering the country and cultivating a strong military, the Houthis made major military gains around the country and together their forces withstood thousands of Saudi-led air strikes. But the Houthi-Saleh entente cracked in August when a Houthi leader passed over a trusted Saleh confidante for a key military position, according to people in the General People s Congress Party, the grouping of technocrats and tribal grandees that did Saleh s bidding throughout his rule. Saleh loyalists itched for revenge, they said. Fearing disloyalty, the Houthis restricted Saleh to his fief in Sanaa s political district. Gerald Feierstein, a former U.S. ambassador to Yemen of the Middle East Institute in Washington, said the Houthis then waged their war largely without him.  Saleh was largely a spent force by the time he died in a weekend s fighting,  wrote Feierstein in a policy brief. On November 29, tensions exploded. Rumors swirled in the city of Sanaa that the Houthis were planning to paint the domes of a giant mosque and palace that Saleh had built and named after himself in their trademark green. When Houthi militia neared the palace, Saleh s guards fired. The Houthis, experts in mountain guerrilla warfare, overran the palace with grenades and seized it.  The Houthis wanted Saleh to  hand over his weapons and disarm his fighters,  a senior Saleh party official told Reuters.  He refused.  Another party official said that, contrary to reports that Saleh was in his car trying to flee when he was killed on Dec. 4, the former president had been executed with a gunshot to the head after making a last stand at his house. Now, the Saleh associate says he and his colleagues are afraid the Houthis will turn against all of them.  The Houthis want to kill us all.  For a graphic on Yemen's stalemated war, click tmsnrt.rs/2zqGyq9 ",1
12731,Brazil president sees lower house pension reform vote December 18 week,"SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer said on Friday that the pension reform bill that is  indispensable  to reduce the nation s budget deficit must be voted on this year in the lower house of Congress before the 2018 election year. Speaking at a chemical industry event, Temer appealed to businessmen to lobby Congress for approval of the unpopular  pension overhaul that is seen by investors as crucial to restoring Brazil s fiscal health.     Rodrigo Maia, the speaker of the lower house, said this week he would not put the bill to the vote until the government had secured the 308 votes the measure will need for passage. To allow more time for negotiations with reluctant lawmakers, Temer agreed with congressional leaders on Thursday to delay the lower house vote on the bill until the week of Dec. 18, the last before the Christmas recess. Once it clears the lower chamber, Temer expects the legislation to be voted on in the Senate in February.  Reform of the pension system is indispensable. It will allow Brazil to move forward,  Temer said.  But this must be the work of all of us. We need to show that we support this bill.  Temer acknowledged that lawmakers facing re-election next October had legitimate concerns about supporting the bill. The reform proposal seeks to increase the age at which Brazilians can retire and collect social security. It would also make pension payouts in Brazil, among the most generous in the world, more modest. If a vote is further delayed until next year, its chances of approval will be limited as lawmakers become more sensitive to the demands of voters when the election campaign gets underway. ",1
12732,May's Brexit deal wins her some peace at home - at least for now,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Theresa May won a temporary reprieve from rival factions within her own party on Friday by striking a overnight agreement with the European Union that some business leaders hope will increase prospects of an orderly exit from the bloc. After all-night negotiations and an early morning dash to Brussels by May, she and EU Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker agreed to start talking about trade and a post Brexit transition period, declaring  sufficient progress  had been made on the cost and detailed terms of the separation. This took some of the heat out of a conflict between Conservative lawmakers that had threatened May s fragile grip on the party s leadership, and eased pressure on her minority government from business leaders who have repeatedly warned of a post-Brexit exodus.  Everyone s won a reprieve here,  said Anand Menon, director of The UK in a Changing Europe think tank.  This isn t a deal, it s a progress report ... It s exactly what she wanted - all she wanted was progress.  The Conservative Party s historical divisions over Britain s relationship with the EU had threatened to erupt earlier in the week when a carefully choreographed announcement of a deal spectacularly collapsed after the small Northern Irish party propping up her government objected to the terms. That raised the prospect of a fourth successive Conservative prime minister being forced from power over a row about Europe - a flashpoint that played a major part in the downfall of David Cameron, John Major and Margaret Thatcher.  Pro-Brexit supporters said the only solution to the impasse over how to manage the Irish border after Brexit was to walk away from talks; pro-EU lawmakers said the deadlock could be better broken by agreeing to stay in the EU s customs union. In the end, they agreed that the details of the Irish border would be agreed as part of talks about the future relationship, according to a 15-page negotiators  report.  All we have done is put everything off until next year,  Menon said. But, influential voices from both sides of a party which still identifies along the  Leave  and  Remain  lines drawn during the June 2016 referendum, rallied round their leader, signaling a temporary truce. The agreement was endorsed by both Conservative Brexiteers and Remainers - both of which can count on enough supporters to undermine, and possibly even topple, May after her gamble on a June snap election backfired and stripped the party of a parliamentary majority.  This is a significant personal political achievement for the Prime Minister ... Earlier this week, there were all sorts of doomsayers who thought there would be no prospect of an agreement. They ve been proven wrong,  Michael Gove, an influential pro-Brexit member of her cabinet, told the BBC. In part, the closing of ranks around May reflects her party s concern that deposing her could trigger a fresh election in which a resurgent Labour Party, led by socialist Jeremy Corbyn, could win power. Former finance minister George Osborne, sacked by May in 2016, once described her pledge to run again as leader at the next election as something similar to seeing  the living dead in a second-rate horror film . On Thursday he predicted she would lose her leadership before the end of the current term, due to run until 2022.  Businesses also warmed to the declaration of progress, which was rubber-stamped over breakfast in Brussels after a night of back and forth phonecalls between May, her Northern Irish backers the Democratic Unionist Party, and EU officials.   Businesses will be breathing a sigh of relief,  said Adam Marshall, Director General of the British Chambers of Commerce.  The endorsements came with hefty caveats, warning that more clarity needed to come quickly to prevent businesses from triggering contingency plans to cope with a so-called  hard Brexit  in which Britain would leave without a negotiated settlement  The sand in the timer is running out - leave it too late and damage will be done to both the UK and the EU,  said Miles Celic CEO of the TheCityUK trade body which represents London s financial services sector.   For the financial and related professional services industry, our critical issues must now be progressed.  Equally, the calm among Brexiteers within May s party was not matched by those outside it, with one of the main campaign groups that persuaded Britons to vote 52 to 48 percent in favor of leaving saying she had not met their definition of Brexit. Much of their anger was directed at a backstop option set out in the text of the agreement which promised that if trade talks failed, the United Kingdom would maintain  full alignment  with those rules of the EU internal market and customs union that help protect north-south cooperation in Ireland.  Under Theresa May, we are leaving the European Union in name only,  said Leave campaigner Arron Banks in a statement.  If anyone in the Conservative Party has any integrity or sense of duty left, we call on them now to save Brexit by triggering a leadership contest.  Nevertheless, Friday s agreement was seen as a big step toward avoiding a chaotic exit and formalizing terms which would meet many pro-EU observers  definition of a  soft exit .  It means that  no deal  overall is less likely,  said Charles Grant, Director of the Centre for European Reform think tank. But the toughest part of the negotiations could be yet to come, with Britain looking to agree a huge free trade deal before March 2019 -  a tight timetable seen as unrealistic by Brussels.  In phase two it will emerge that the EU is going to give us a pretty bad deal in terms of what s in our economic interests,  Grant said.    Asked if Friday s agreement was a step toward a softer Brexit, May s spokesman said:  They re not terms that we ve ever recognized or engaged with. There is the Brexit, which the British people voted for, and that s what we re delivering.  ",1
12733,Iran's defense minister to visit Russia soon: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Iranian Defence Minister Amir Hatami plans to visit Russia soon, the RIA news agency reported on Friday, citing a source at the Iranian defense ministry. He is expected to hold talks with Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu, RIA reported. Hatami plans to discuss the military cooperation between Moscow and Tehran and the latest developments in the region, according to the agency. ",1
12734,Israeli minister sees Trump 'hint' at Jerusalem partition with Palestinians,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli cabinet minister said on Friday the phrasing of U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital suggested an openness to eventual Palestinian control of part of the city, though he predicted Israel would oppose this.  Trump s announcement reversed decades of U.S. policy,  angering the Arab world and alarming Western allies. But he also said Washington was not laying down a position on  final-status   issues including boundaries of Israeli sovereignty in Jerusalem, which the two parties would have to decide in negotiations. Israel has long deemed Jerusalem its eternal, indivisible capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a state they seek on land Israel took in a 1967 war. Its eastern sector is laden with Jewish, Muslim and Christian holy sites that inject deep religious sensitivities into the dispute over sovereignty. In his speech on Wednesday, Trump did not include words echoing Israel s traditional description of Jerusalem. Asked about this, minister Zeev Elkin said:  I think that his leaving this out of the speech was premeditated.  He even hinted that borders in Jerusalem will also be set as a result of negotiations, which presupposes an option of partition,  said Elkin, who holds the Jerusalem Affairs portfolio in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s government. Elkin was referring to Trump s caveat that the new U.S. decision on Jerusalem did not constitute  taking a position of any final-status issues, including the specific boundaries of Israeli sovereignty in Jerusalem, or the resolution of contested borders .   Those questions are up to the parties involved,  added Trump, who said Washington still wanted Israelis and Palestinians to agree on a  two-state solution  for peace. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson echoed those remarks on Friday.  With respect to the rest of Jerusalem the president ... did not indicate any final status for Jerusalem. He was very clear that the final status, including the borders, would be left to the two parties to negotiate and decide,  Tillerson told reporters in Paris. Like other world powers, and in keeping with U.N. Security Council resolutions since the 1967 war, Washington had long held off on recognizing any sovereignty in Jerusalem, one of the most treacherous issues in the Middle East conflict. Elkin said he  would have been happy  had Trump described Jerusalem as Israel s united capital. But he played down any possibility of partition, saying Trump s administration would only pursue the idea if the Netanyahu government consented.  This is a very, very important factor, and I currently have no doubt that Israel would not agree. Ultimately, in actuality, this is what matters,  Elkin said in his remarks, carried by Tel Aviv 102 FM radio. Trump spoke of Jerusalem as  the capital the Jewish people established in ancient times (and) the seat of the modern Israeli government,  with freedom of worship for all faiths.   Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas responded angrily, saying Washington had abdicated its role as peace mediator and deeming Jerusalem  a Palestinian, Arab, Christian and Muslim city, the eternal capital of the state of Palestine .  Abbas used the Arabic term  Al Quds , which he has generally qualified to refer to East Jerusalem rather than the whole city. In three public statements welcoming the U.S. move, Netanyahu has not asserted Jerusalem s indivisibility under Israel - heretofore stock rubric for him, as for previous prime ministers. A Netanyahu spokesman did not immediately respond to a Reuters query about the seeming omission.   Israel s ambassador to the United States, speaking before the Trump announcement, appeared to acknowledge that - in the eyes of foreign mediators, at least - Jerusalem being the Israeli capital may not rule out Palestinian sovereignty there.  Every single peace plan that s ever been put down has Jerusalem be a capital of Israel,  Ron Dermer told Politico on Dec. 4.  There have been other peace plans that have suggested it be capital of two states, which is a separate issue.  Israel annexed East Jerusalem after capturing it. But world powers and the United Nations have not recognized Israeli sovereignty over the entire city, saying it must be negotiated by Israel and the Palestinians, whose last peace talks collapsed in 2014. No other country has its embassy in Jerusalem. Thousands of Palestinians protested in a  day of rage  on Friday in the occupied West Bank, Gaza and in East Jerusalem against Trump s move on the ancient city. ",1
12735,Palestinian killed in Gaza clashes over Trump's Jerusalem move,"GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli soldiers shot dead a Palestinian man on Friday near the Gaza border in clashes over U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, the Palestinian Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said hundreds of Palestinians were rolling burning tires and throwing rocks at soldiers across the border.  During the riots IDF soldiers fired selectively toward two main instigators and hits were confirmed,  the army statement said. ",1
12736,"Erdogan, Putin to discuss Syria, Jerusalem during meeting in Turkey: sources","ANKARA (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin will make an official visit to Turkey on Monday, Dec. 11, to discuss developments in Syria and Jerusalem with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish presidential sources said on Friday. The Kremlin confirmed the visit by Putin on Friday, saying the two leaders would discuss energy projects and  key international problems . Erdogan and Putin held a phone call on Thursday where they agreed that the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital will negatively impact the region s peace and stability. ",1
12737,Russia's Lavrov: U.S. decision on Jerusalem contradicts common sense,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday that the recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital by the United States runs counter to common sense.  This announcement runs counter to common sense,  Lavrov told a news conference in Vienna, referring to an announcement by U.S. President Donald Trump that Washington was recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital. ",1
12738,Hungary's Jobbik asks voters to help pay 'court-martial' fine,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary s main opposition Jobbik party has launched a crowd funding campaign to raise money for a state audit authority fine that it said could cripple it in the run-up to 2018 elections. Hungarians will vote for a new Parliament in April and Prime Minister Viktor Orban s populist Fidesz party is far ahead in the polls, with Jobbik its nearest rival. Jobbik, once on the far right, has turned toward the center and in the past year campaigned nationwide against Orban, whom they depicted as the leader of a criminal gang on thousands of billboard ads. Orban has rejected corruption charges, saying he has spent his entire life in politics and his financial standing was  an open book . The State Audit Office (ASZ) earlier this week ruled that the party had purchased the posters far below market prices, breaching rules on political funding. The ASZ slapped Jobbik with a 663 million forint ($2.5 million) penalty. Jobbik said it has no money to pay the fine. It has 15 days to respond before the ASZ ruling, which cannot be appealed in court, becomes final.  The ASZ, acting as a court-martial in the manner of the darkest dictatorships, levied on Jobbik a fine whose only real aim is to block the party from running at the elections,  Jobbik said in a statement on its website.  This is the first step in the final eradication of what is left of Hungarian democracy.  ASZ Chairman Laszlo Domokos is a former Fidesz lawmaker, while Chief Prosecutor Peter Polt, whose office worked with ASZ on the Jobbik case, is a former Fidesz member twice appointed to his post by Fidesz-dominated parliaments. The ASZ was an independent and non-political body, its spokesman Balint Nemeth said.  The prosecution does its job independently, in accordance with the laws,  prosecution spokesman Geza Fazekas said.   The prosecution did not participate in the ASZ probe in any way,  he said. He added that the ASZ asked the prosecutors to investigate whether Jobbik blocked auditors from reviewing its files. That investigation has a March 6 deadline.   Laws apply to everyone, and Jobbik is no exception,  Fidesz spokesman Balazs Hidvegi said.  Jobbik must obey the law, and if they do they will have no problems.  The audit crackdown triggered broad criticism. Miklos Ligeti, a director at anti-corruption watchdog Transparency International, said Fidesz has been by far the largest beneficiary of undue price advantages on services that was the basis of Jobbik s fine. 2014 election ads cost Fidesz at least 4 billion forints at list prices, about four times the legal limit, Ligeti said based on their own calculations. Fidesz said on its disclosures it had spent 984 million forints. Other parties, including Jobbik, overshot their 2014 limit by 40-50 percent at most, he estimated.   The auditors have clearly got on Jobbik s case, as they should,  Ligeti said.  They should do the same with every other party but clearly don t. Which one they strike down and which they spare seems to be a party political decision.  Fidesz was not immediately available to comment on the Transparency International calculations.   For the campaign Jobbik used billboards owned by a tycoon named Lajos Simicska, once a key ally of Orban who fell out with the premier in 2015. Orban says Simicska hijacked Jobbik. Both the party and the tycoon deny this. ($1 = 267.83 forints) ",1
12739,UK opposition leader Corbyn wants close relationship with Europe,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Britain s opposition Labour party wants a close relationship with the rest of Europe after Brexit, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn told an audience at the United Nations in Geneva on Friday.  We want to see a close and cooperative relationship with our European neighbors outside the European Union, based on solidarity as well as mutual benefit and fair trade, along with a wider proactive internationalism across the globe,  he said.   My own country, Britain, is at a crossroads,  he said. The vote last year to leave the European Union meant hard thinking had to be done about Britain s role in the world, he said.  There are some who want to use Brexit to turn Britain in on itself, rejecting the outside world, viewing everyone as a feared competitor,  he said.  Others want to use Brexit to put rocket boosters under our current economic system s insecurities and inequalities. Turning Britain into a deregulated corporate tax haven, low wages, with limited rights, cut-price public services, in a wholly destructive race to the bottom.  Corbyn said his party stood for a completely different future, drawing on the internationalist traditions of the Labour movement and of Britain.  In a wide-ranging speech about human rights and multilateralism, he did not immediately comment on the Brexit divorce deal struck by Britain s Prime Minister Theresa May and the European Commission earlier on Friday.  The European Commission said that enough progress had been made in Brexit negotiations to allow a second phase of talks on future relations to begin. ",1
12740,Ukraine president denies hampering anti-corruption efforts,"VILNIUS/KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko denied on Friday  interfering with the work of law enforcement bodies investigating corruption and he urged such agencies to refrain from playing politics.  Ukrainian authorities this week have faced accusations of  deliberately sabotaging anti-corruption reforms, which are a key condition for international support for the country as it grapples with a Russian-backed separatist insurgency. Perceived backsliding by Kiev on its reform commitments, including delays in establishing an independent court to handle corruption cases, has held up billions of dollars in loans under Ukraine s $17.5 billion IMF program.  Over the last 2.5 years of activity of the anti-corruption institutions, everybody, including the heads of these institutions, has said there has not been a single instance of interference by the president in their work,  Poroshenko said.  We consider it unacceptable when the leaders of any law enforcement bodies, including anti-corruption, begin to play in the political field,  he told a news conference during a visit to the Lithuanian capital Vilnius.  They must be independent, protected from political influence.   Action by Ukraine s parliament and prosecutors against existing anti-corruption bodies such as the NABU investigative bureau provoked a wave of criticism this week from reformers and Kiev s foreign backers including the IMF. Poroshenko s faction is the largest in parliament and the president also nominates the general prosecutor.  Corrupt Empire Strikes Back  read the headline of the English language newspaper Kyiv Post on Friday.  The head of the International Monetary Fund, Christine Lagarde, said she had urged Poroshenko during a telephone conversation late on Thursday to speed up the fight against corruption. Lagarde said she and Poroshenko had discussed the need to safeguard the independence of NABU and similar institutions and that they agreed on the urgency of establishing an anti-corruption court. On Friday Poroshenko said he would soon introduce a draft law to set up such a court, taking into account recommendations  by the Venice Commission, a leading European rights watchdog.   The effectiveness of the work of anti-corruption bodies should not be in the number of press conferences (they give), but in the number of corrupt officials who are put behind bars,  he added.  Poroshenko was asked about the current furor surrounding former Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili after Ukrainian law enforcement officials twice failed to detain him this week on charges of aiding a criminal organization.  The situation with Saakashvili is not worthy of international attention, because there are specific crimes that were committed and we must ensure transparency of the investigation and absolute openness,  Poroshenko said.   If he flees from the investigation, this undermines his credibility,  he added. Saakashvili became a regional governor in Ukraine in 2015 at Poroshenko s invitation but they later fell out, with the former Georgian leader accusing the president of corruption. Saakashvili denies the charges against him. ",1
12741,U.N. warns against any hasty returns of Rohingya to Myanmar,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Peace and stability must be restored in Myanmar s northern Rakhine state before any Rohingyas can return from Bangladesh, under international standards on voluntary repatriation, the United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) said on Friday. Some 20,000 Rohingya fled Myanmar to Bangladesh in November, and at least 270 so far in December, bringing the total since violence erupted on August 25 to 646,000, according to the UNHCR and International Organization of Migration (IOM).  The two countries have signed an agreement on voluntary repatriation which refers to establishing a joint working group within three weeks of the Nov. 23 signing. UNHCR is not party to the pact or involved in the bilateral discussions for now.  It is critical that the returns are not rushed or premature,  UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards told a briefing.  People can t be moving back in into conditions in Rakhine state that simply aren t sustainable.  Htin Lynn, Myanmar s ambassador to the U.N. in Geneva, said on Tuesday that his government hoped returns would begin within two months. He was addressing the Human Rights Council, where the top U.N. rights official said that Myanmar s security forces may be guilty of genocide against the Rohingya Muslim minority. The UNHCR has not been formally invited to join the working group, although its Deputy High Commissioner for Refugees Kelly Clements is holding talks in Bangladesh, Edwards said, adding that discussions were  still at a very preliminary stage . He could not say whether UNHCR was in talks with Myanmar authorities on its role, but hoped the agency would be part of the joint working group. Edwards, asked whether the two-month time was premature,  said:  The return timeline of course is something that we are going to have to look closely at ... We don t want to see returns happening either involuntarily or precipitously and before conditions are ready.  In all, Bangladesh is hosting a total of more than 858,000 Rohingya, including previous waves, IOM figures show.  We have had ... a cycle of displacement from Rakhine state over many decades, of people being marginalized, of violence, of people fleeing and then people returning,  Edwards said.   Now this cycle has to be broken, which means that we have to find a way to ensure that there is a lasting solution for these people.  WFP spokeswoman Bettina Luescher said that it had distributed food to 32,000 people in northern Rakhine in November.  Everybody agrees that the situation is very dire on ground, that all of the U.N. agencies need more access, that the violence has to stop and that these people can live in safety where they want to live,  she said. ",1
12742,"Bahrain's Shi'ite spiritual leader undergoes surgery, activists say","DUBAI (Reuters) - Bahrain s top Shi ite Muslim cleric underwent surgery on Friday, activists said, after he was hospitalized following months under virtual house arrest. News of Ayatollah Isa Qassim s fragile health has stoked tension in Bahrain as the Sunni Muslim-led monarchy pursues a crackdown on dissent by majority Shi ites.  The leading Shia cleric was transferred this morning at 7:30 am to Ibn al-Nafees Hospital to undergo urgent surgery,  the London-based Bahrain Institute for Rights and Democracy (BIRD) said in a statement.  Upon his arrival, he went into surgery and he is expecting further operations.  Qassim, who is believed to be in his 70s, was suffering constant pain and excreting blood, citing a groin hernia, diabetes and a form of heart disease, the group said on Nov 27. The Interior Ministry said in June 2016 that Qassim s citizenship had been revoked, accusing him of trying to divide Bahraini society, encourage youths to violate the constitution and promote a sectarian environment in the Gulf Arab state. The decision sparked angry protests in Bahrain and drew sharp condemnation from regional Shi ite power Iran and statements of concern from the United States and Britain. In May, five people were killed when security forces raided Qassim s homevillage to disperse followers. The Sunni-ruled kingdom   where the U.S. Fifth Fleet is based   has pursued a crackdown on members of the Shi ite community since, with Saudi help, it quashed 2011  Arab Spring  protests calling for more rights and representation. Authorities have closed opposition political groupings, revoked dissidents  passports and arrested suspected militants accused of being backed by its arch-foe, Shi ite Iran. ",1
12743,Serbian president says Serbia does not plan to join NATO: TASS,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Serbia has embarked on a pro-European course but it has no plans to join the NATO defence alliance, the TASS news agency on Friday cited Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic as saying in an interview.    Nine days ago I was in Brussels, at the NATO headquarters, and in front of the 29 leaders of the NATO member states I declared that Serbia has no aspiration to joint NATO,  Vucic, who plans to visit Moscow soon, told TASS.  Serbia will preserve its military neutrality, this was and will be Serbia s policy.  ",1
12744,Vietnam police arrest ex-politburo member over misconduct,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnamese police on Friday arrested a former top Communist Party official suspected of misconduct while he was chairman of the main state energy firm, the first former politburo member to face prosecution in decades. Police issued arrest and prosecution orders for Dinh La Thang, 56, for suspected  violation of state regulations on economic management, causing serious consequences , the Ministry of Public Security said on its website.     Thang is the most senior official so far caught up in a widespread crackdown on fraud in the energy and banking sectors, which has gathered pace since the security establishment gained greater influence in the party last year. Police are investigating two cases related to Thang s tenure as chairman of state oil and gas firm PetroVietnam that involved a loss of investment in local Ocean Bank and suspected wrongdoing at a PetroVietnam subsidiary, PetroVietnam Construction Joint Stock Corp (PVC) (PVX.HN), police said. Thang was not available for comment. The corruption crackdown made global headlines in August when Germany accused Vietnam of kidnapping Trinh Xuan Thanh, a former chairman of PVC, in Berlin after he applied for asylum there. The party has said it aimed to let Thanh go on trial next month. Government critics have voiced suspicions that the corruption crackdown is politically motivated, at least in part, and aimed against those close to former prime minister Nguyen Tan Dung, who lost out in an internal power struggle in 2016.  This development represents a major event in Vietnamese politics and reflects a concerted effort by those in the commanding heights of the party to rein in and prosecute instances of large scale corruption and serious cases of malfeasance among high ranking party and state officials,  said Vietnam expert Jonathan London of Leiden University. Thang was dismissed from the politburo after the Communist Party found him responsible for financial losses at PetroVietnam. It also stripped him of his role as party head of Ho Chi Minh City to penalise him further.  Prosecuting a former politburo member in the one-party state is not unprecedented. In 1979, a former politburo official, Hoang Van Hoan, was handed a death sentence in absentia after he had fled the country. On Friday, police also issued an arrest order for Nguyen Quoc Khanh, a former chairman of PetroVietnam. In September, another former PetroVietnam chairman was sentenced to death for embezzlement among other crimes. Khanh was also temporarily dismissed from his current role at the trade ministry on Friday, the ministry said in a statement. ",1
12745,EU ready to start Brexit transition talks early in 2018,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union should be ready to start negotiating details of a post-Brexit transition period with Britain early in the new year, a senior EU official said on Friday, but talks on future trade will take longer. Both sides were already fairly clear on the structure of a transition period   likely to last for around two years after Britain leaves the EU in March 2019 and involve London accepting almost all EU rules without having a say in making them.  We could easily engage on those issues very early in the  new year,  the official told reporters after the EU executive accepted that Britain had offered enough on divorce terms for it to recommend to governments that they discuss the future. For negotiations to start on the principles of a future relationship, the EU would need more details from Britain on what it wants after the transition and would then have to draw up a fuller set of guidelines for negotiators   probably at a summit in February or March, though possibly later, the official said. The intention would be to have a  framework  agreement on future relations ready by the time Britain leaves. Formal negotiations on a full free trade agreement would not, however, start until Britain is no longer a member. EU negotiator Michel Barnier has said he believes that a full trade agreement can be negotiated in about three years, so that it could be ready by the end of the transition period. If it is not, the EU official noted, then there would a  cliff edge  scenario for trade relations when the transition period ends. He stressed that the EU would not agree to a long transition, though it has not specified how long that should be.  The EU notes that Britain has asked for a transition of around two years. ",1
12746,Venice Commission: Polish judiciary reforms pose a serious risk,"WARSAW (Reuters) - The Venice Commission, a panel of constitutional law experts of the human rights body Council of Europe, said on Friday that Poland s proposed court overhaul poses serious risks to all parts of the country s judiciary. The Commission also said that giving the Polish parliament the right to select members of the National Judiciary Council, in conjunction with the proposed immediate replacement of the currently sitting members,  will lead to a far reaching politicization of this body.      ",1
12747,Muslims in Asia protest against Trump's Jerusalem plan,"KABUL/JAKARTA (Reuters) - Thousands of protesters in Muslim-majority countries in Asia rallied on Friday to condemn the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, as authorities tightened security outside U.S. embassies. Leaders in Indonesia, Malaysia and Pakistan have joined a global chorus of condemnation of President Donald Trump s decision. Hundreds of protesters gathered in Afghanistan s capital with placards, effigies of Trump and at least one burning U.S. flag.   Death to America! Death to Trump and Israel!  the crowds chanted. Afghan President Ashraf Ghani, a staunch U.S. ally, has not commented on the Trump decision. In Indonesia, a few hundred demonstrators mostly clad in white rallied outside the U.S. embassy in Jakarta, capital of the world s biggest Muslim-majority country.  Some wore checkered scarves and waved Palestinian flags.  We re standing here in the name of justice and humanity. We ve gathered to defend our Palestinian brothers and sisters,  said one rally leader in Jakarta. Trump said on Wednesday the United States would move its embassy to Jerusalem in the coming years.  Protests have erupted in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip as the Islamist group Hamas urged Palestinians to launch a fresh uprising against Israel.     The status of Jerusalem is one of the thorniest barriers to a lasting Israeli-Palestinian peace. Its eastern sector was captured by Israel in a 1967 war and annexed in a move not recognized internationally. Palestinians claim East Jerusalem for the capital of an independent state they seek. In Malaysia, protesters gathered in front of the American embassy in the capital, Kuala Lumpur.  Mr President, this is an illegal announcement. Jerusalem is an occupied territory,  Minister for Youth and Sports Khairy Jamaluddin said through a loudspeaker towards the embassy. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak on Thursday called on Muslims worldwide to strongly oppose any recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. About 3,000 people in Bangladesh gathered in front of the main mosque in the capital, Dhaka, to protest.  In Pakistan s major cities, hundreds of Islamists hardliners rallied in small groups.  Down with America, down with Israel and no to Israel occupation,  chanted protesters in the cities of Lahore and Peshawar. Controversial Pakistani cleric Hafiz Saeed promised bigger protests over Jerusalem and urged the government to convene a conference of Muslim-majority states.  Pakistan should take the lead, being the only nuclear state of the Islamic world,  said Saeed, who was released from house arrest last month by a Pakistani court.  The United States and India blame Saeed as the mastermind of the attacks that killed 166 people in India s financial capital, Mumbai.  In Kashmir, small groups of people protested in Srinagar, the capital of the Indian portion of the divided Muslim-majority region that is claimed by both India and Pakistan.  We condemn the idiot Trump s decision,  said a placard on an effigy of the U.S. president. ",1
12748,Venezuela's chronic shortages give rise to 'medical flea markets',"SAN CRISTOBAL/MARACAIBO, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela s critical medicine shortage has spurred  medical flea markets,  where peddlers offer everything from antibiotics to contraceptives laid out among the traditional fruits and vegetables.  The crisis-wrought Latin American nation is heaving under worsening scarcity of drugs, as well as basic foods, due to tanking national production and strict currency controls that crimp imports.  The local pharmaceutical association estimates at any given time, there is a shortage of around 85 percent of drugs. Sick Venezuelans often scour pharmacies and send pleas on social media to find treatment. Increasingly, however, they are turning to a flourishing black market offering medicines surreptitiously bought from Venezuelan hospitals or smuggled in from neighboring Colombia.  Here I can find the vitamins I need for my memory,  said 56-year-old Marisol Salas, who suffered a stroke, as she bought the pills at a small stand at the main bus terminal in the Andean city of San Cristobal.  Around her, Venezuelans asked sellers for medicine to control blood pressure as well as birth control pills.   People are looking for anticonvulsants a lot recently,  said Antuam Lopez, 30, who sells medicine alongside vegetables, and said hospital employees usually provide him with the drugs.  Leftist President Nicolas Maduro says resellers are in league with a U.S.-led conspiracy to sabotage socialism and are to blame for medicine shortages.  In the middle of a market in the humid and sweltering city of Maracaibo, dozens of boxes full of medicines including antibiotics and pain killers are stacked on top of each other. The packaging is visibly deteriorated: The cases are discolored and some are even dirty.  Doctors warn these drugs   usually smuggled in from Colombia, a few hours  drive from Maracaibo   pose risks.   We ve found that a lot of them have not been maintained at proper temperatures,  warned oncologist Jose Oberto, who leads the Zulia state s doctors association.  Still, some Venezuelans feel they have no choice but to rely on contraband medicine.   I had to buy medicine from Colombia, and it worried me  because the label said  hospital use,  said retiree Esledy Paez, 62. But they are often prohibitively expensive for Venezuelans, many of whom earn just a handful of dollars a month at the black market rate due to soaring inflation.  Norkis Pabon struggled to find antibiotics for her hospitalized husband to prevent his foot injury from worsening due to diabetes.   But the treatment costs 900,000 bolivars ($9.43; twice the minimum wage) and I do not know what to do,  said Pabon, who is unemployed.  ",1
12749,Dutch 'blood timber' businessman arrested in South Africa,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - A Dutch businessman convicted in April of selling weapons to ex-Liberian president and warlord Charles Taylor was arrested in South Africa on a Dutch warrant, officials said on Friday.  Blood timber  trader Guus Kouwenhoven was sentenced as an accessory to war crimes for providing arms to Taylor s government in violation of a U.N. embargo. Kouwenhoven, 75, has been living in Cape Town and had refused to return to the Netherlands for trial, citing health problems. He was not present at the trial. Dutch prosecution spokesman Bart Vis said Kouwenhoven would appear before a judge in South Africa on Friday and a court there would rule later on the Dutch extradition request. Known in Liberia as  Mister Gus , Kouwenhoven ran two timber companies in the West African state in 2000-03 and used them as cover to smuggle arms, according to the Dutch court that sentenced him to 19 years in prison. At the time, Liberia was in the grip of a civil war between then-President Taylor s government and several rebel factions. Liberia s string of conflicts since the 1990s left an estimated 250,000 people dead. Thousands more were mutilated and raped and all sides in the conflict used child soldiers. Taylor stepped down in 2003. He was arrested in 2006 and in 2012 sentenced to 50 years in prison for aiding and abetting war crimes in neighboring Sierra Leone by the Special Court for Sierra Leone. ",1
12750,Factbox: British business organizations react to Brexit talk progress,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union struck a divorce deal on Friday that paves the way for talks on trade, easing pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May and boosting hopes of an orderly Brexit. British business groups broadly welcomed the progress and urged swift progress toward a formal transition agreement that would preserve existing trading relations until a new deal is struck. BRITISH CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE DIRECTOR GENERAL ADAM MARSHALL  Businesses will be breathing a sigh of relief that  sufficient progress  has been achieved. After the noise and political brinksmanship of recent days, news of a breakthrough in the negotiations will be warmly welcomed by companies.  Business will particularly cheer the mutual commitment to a transition period to support business confidence and trade, and will want the details confirmed swiftly in the new year.   For business, a swift start to trade talks is crucial to upcoming investment and growth decisions. Companies all across the UK want absolute clarity on the long-term deal being sought, and want government to work closely with business experts to ensure that the details are right.   CONFEDERATION OF BRITISH INDUSTRY DEPUTY DIRECTOR GENERAL JOSH HARDIE  Today s announcement will lift spirits in the run-up to Christmas. Sufficient progress is a present (businesses) have spent months waiting for.  It s now time to focus on the true prize of a new relationship and a deal that starts from 40 years of economic integration.  There are two things that are top of the list. First is the final step for those EU citizens working here, and UK citizens abroad. It must be unequivocal that they are welcome, whatever the final deal. This cannot be their second Christmas where their rights are dependent on negotiations.   Next is transition. Concrete assurances will build confidence and help firms across the UK and Europe to pause their contingency planning.  TheCityUK FINANCIAL SERVICES TRADE BODY CEO MILES CELIC  This agreement in principle between the UK and the EU to move beyond phase one is a positive and encouraging step.  For the financial and related professional services industry, our critical issues must now be progressed.   The sand in the timer is running out - leave it too late and damage will be done to both the UK and the EU. European competitiveness will ultimately be weakened as functionality will likely leave Europe for other international financial centers.  Given the dominance of services to both the British and EU economies, it is essential that a Free Trade Agreement covers goods and services, and is based on mutual recognition and regulatory cooperation. This will be in the best interests of the UK, the EU27 and for global stability. It is also vital that existing services contracts can be grandfathered post-Brexit.  EEF MANUFACTURERS  ASSOCIATION CHIEF EXECUTIVE STEPHEN PHIPSON  This is one step forward in a complex and long process. So we need to pin down the transition arrangements, which will be in place after March 2019, to ensure it s business as usual for companies for as long as it takes until a final deal is reached. Until we get to that point, many businesses will need to prepare for any and every eventuality.   Many employers will be relieved that their EU employees have more certainty going forward, and government must now clarify the rights of EU citizens by Christmas so that they are not concerned about their future.  FEDERATION OF SMALL BUSINESSES NATIONAL CHAIRMAN MIKE CHERRY  The UK s millions of small businesses will be pleased to hear that finally it appears the Brexit talks are about to move onto the second stage.   The focus must now shift to the UK s future trading relationship with the EU. This should include by early next year a guarantee that there will be no cliff-edge moment on Brexit day, but instead an orderly, time-limited transition period so that small firms only have one set of rule changes. The final deal must have as few barriers to trade as possible.  ",1
12751,"Lebanon, foreign powers urged to maintain non-interference policy","PARIS (Reuters) - World powers sent a clear message on Friday that the Lebanese policy of staying out of regional affairs should be adhered to and that foreign governments should not interfere in the country s politics, France s foreign minister said.   Disassociation applies to everyone - inside and outside,  Jean-Yves Le Drian said at a news conference with Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri after an international meeting on Lebanon.  These principles were reaffirmed this morning.  Hariri warned that any breach of the policy of mutual non-interference would drag Lebanon back into the  danger zone . ",1
12752,Trial over 'Love Parade' deaths begins in Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Ten people went on trial in Germany on Friday for alleged  failures in planning the  Love Parade  music festival in 2010 when 21 people were killed and more than 650 injured in a  stampede. Prosecutors have charged the defendants, four employees of the company that planned the event in the industrial city of Duisburg and six from the local authority, with negligent manslaughter and bodily harm. The defendants have denied wrongdoing in the disaster. Eight foreigners   from Spain, Bosnia, the Netherlands, Australia, Italy and China   were among those killed on July 24, 2010, when panic broke out in a packed underpass that was the only entrance route to the venue for the techno music festival. The trial has been moved to a congress center in the nearby city of Duesseldorf as the court rooms in Duisburg were too small for what is expected to be one of the biggest trials in postwar Germany, with dozens of lawyers and plaintiffs. The trial is expected to take until at least the end of next year. But there is a ticking clock on proceedings as the statute of limitations runs out in July 2020.  ",1
12753,Defector says thousands of Islamic State fighters left Raqqa in secret deal,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A high-level defector from Kurdish-led forces that captured the Syrian city of Raqqa from Islamic State has recanted his account of the city s fall, saying thousands of IS fighters - many more than first reported - left under a secret, U.S.-approved deal. Talal Silo, a former commander in the Syrian Democratic Forces, said the SDF arranged to bus all remaining Islamic State militants out of Raqqa even though it said at the time it was battling diehard foreign jihadists in the city. U.S. officials described Silo s comments as  false and contrived  but a security official in Turkey, where Silo defected three weeks ago, gave a similar account of Islamic State s defeat in its Syrian stronghold. Turkey has been at odds with Washington over U.S. backing for the Kurdish forces who led the fight for Raqqa. Silo was the SDF spokesman and one of the officials who told the media in mid-October - when the deal was reached - that fewer than 300 fighters left Raqqa with their families while others would fight on. However, he told Reuters in an interview that the number of fighters who were allowed to go was far higher and the account of a last-ditch battle was a fiction designed to keep journalists away while the evacuation took place. He said a U.S. official in the international coalition against Islamic State, whom he did not identify, approved the deal at a meeting with an SDF commander.  At the time there were conflicting accounts of whether or not foreign Islamic State fighters had been allowed to leave Raqqa. The BBC later reported that one of the drivers in the exodus described a convoy of up to 7 km (4 miles) long made up of 50 trucks, 13 buses and 100 Islamic State vehicles, packed with fighters and ammunition. The Turkish government has expressed concern that some fighters who left Raqqa could have been smuggled across the border into Turkey and could try to launch attacks there or in the West.  Agreement was reached for the terrorists to leave, about 4,000 people, them and their families,  Silo said, adding that all but about 500 were fighters.  He said they headed east to Islamic State-controlled areas around Deir al-Zor, where the Syrian army and forces supporting President Bashar al-Assad were gaining ground. For three days the SDF banned people from going to Raqqa, saying fighting was in progress to deal with militants who had not given themselves up.  It was all theater,  Silo said.   The announcement was cover for those who left for Deir al-Zor , he said, adding that the agreement was endorsed by the United States which wanted a swift end to the Raqqa battle so the SDF could move on towards Deir al-Zor. It was not clear where the evacuees from Raqqa ended up.  The Syrian Democratic Forces deny that Islamic State fighters were able to leave Raqqa for Deir al-Zor, and the U.S.-led military coalition which backs the SDF said it  does not make deals with terrorists .  The coalition utterly refutes any false accusations from any source that suggests the coalition s collusion with ISIS,  it said in a statement.  However, a Turkish security official said that many more Islamic State personnel left Raqqa than was acknowledged.  Statements that the U.S. or the coalition were engaged in big conflicts in Raqqa are not true,  the official added. He told Reuters Turkey believed those accounts were aimed at diverting attention from the departure of Islamic State members, and complained that Turkey had been kept in the dark. Ankara, a NATO ally of Washington s and a member of the U.S.-led coalition, has disagreed sharply with the United States over its support for the Syrian Kurdish YPG fighters who spearheaded the fight against Islamic State in Raqqa. Turkey says the YPG is an extension of the PKK, which has waged a three-decade insurgency in southeast Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by the United States and European Union. Silo spoke to Reuters in a secure location on the edge of Ankara in the presence of Turkish security officers. He said the security was for his own protection and he denied SDF assertions that he had been pressured into defecting by Turkey, where his children live. A member of Syria s Turkmen minority, Silo said his decision to speak out now was based on disillusionment with the structure of the SDF, which was dominated by Kurdish YPG fighters at the expense of Arab, Turkmen and Assyrian allies, as well as the outcome in Raqqa, where he said a city had been destroyed but not the enemy.   The Raqqa talks took place between a Kurdish SDF commander, Sahin Cilo, and an intermediary from Islamic State whose brother-in-law was the Islamic State  emir  in Raqqa, Silo said. After they reached agreement Cilo headed to a U.S. military base near the village of Jalabiya.  He came back with the agreement of the U.S. administration for those terrorists to head to Deir al-Zor,  Silo said. The coalition said two weeks ago that one of its leaders was present at the talks but not an active participant in the deal which it said was reached  despite explicit coalition disagreement with letting armed ISIS terrorists leave Raqqa . ",1
12754,Germany: A lot of Brexit work remains even if talks enter phase two,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany regards Friday s joint report on progress made in the negotiations on Britain s departure from the European Union as a step forward but believes much work remains even if the initial stage of Brexit talks is concluded, a spokesman said.  I think everyone understands that there is still much work for negotiators to do even if the European Council decides to move into phase two of Brexit negotiations,  German government spokesman Steffen Seibert told a regular news conference on Friday. He added that the second phase would be  highly complex . The leaders of the other 27 EU countries are due to decide next Friday whether to accept the European Commission s recommendation that sufficient progress has been made on exit talks to begin discussions on Britain s future relationship with the bloc. ",1
12755,"North Korea says U.S. threats make war unavoidable, China urges calm","SEOUL (Reuters) - Two U.S. B-1B heavy bombers joined large-scale combat drills over South Korea on Thursday amid warnings from North Korea that the exercises and U.S. threats have made the outbreak of war  an established fact.  The annual U.S.-South Korean  Vigilant Ace  exercises feature 230 aircraft, including some of the most advanced U.S. stealth warplanes, and come a week after North Korea tested its most powerful intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) to date, which it says can reach all of the United States. North Korea s foreign ministry blamed the drills and  confrontational warmongering  by U.S. officials for making war inevitable.  The remaining question now is: when will the war break out?  it said in a statement.  We do not wish for a war but shall not hide from it.  China, North Korea s neighbor and lone major ally, again urged calm and said war was not the answer, while Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said North Korea wanted direct talks with the United States to seek guarantees on its security, something Moscow was ready to facilitate.  We hope all relevant parties can maintain calm and restraint and take steps to alleviate tensions and not provoke each other,  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said.  The outbreak of war is not in any side s interest. The ones that will suffer the most are ordinary people.  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on the sidelines of a conference in Vienna that U.S. military exercises and aggressive rhetoric were causing an unacceptable escalation in tension. Lavrov said he had passed on to Tillerson Pyongyang s desire for direct talks.  We know that North Korea wants above all to talk to the United States about guarantees for its security. We are ready to support that, we are ready to take part in facilitating such negotiations,  Interfax news agency quoted Lavrov as saying. U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said direct talks with North Korea were  not on the table until they are willing to denuclearize.   It is something that Russia says it agrees with; it is something China has said it agrees with, and many other nations around the world as well,  she told a regular briefing. Nauert said North Korea was  not showing any interest in sitting down and having any kind of serious conversations when they continue to fire off ballistic missiles.  Another State Department spokesperson, Justin Higgins, said it was not enough for North Korea to freeze its nuclear program, and it  must be prepared to come to the table ready to chart a course to  cease and roll back  that program.    China s Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs Zheng Zeguang was to meet Matt Pottinger, the head of Asian affairs at the    White House s National Security Council, on Thursday to discuss North Korea and trade, a senior U.S. official said. Tensions have risen markedly in recent months over North Korea s development, in defiance of repeated rounds of U.N. sanctions, of nuclear-tipped missiles capable of reaching the United States. Last week s missile test prompted a U.S. warning that North Korea s leadership would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out. The Pentagon has mounted repeated shows of force after North Korean tests. In September, after North Korea s sixth and largest nuclear test, B-1Bs flew further north along North Korea s coast than at any time in the past 17 years. The sortie prompted Pyongyang s foreign minister to warn that U.S. bombers could be shot down even if they did not enter North Korean airspace. Yang Uk, a senior fellow at the Korea Defence and Security Forum, said B-1Bs would be key to any strike targeting major North Korean facilities.  B-1B bombers have been regularly dispatched to the Korean peninsula over the past years; however, it seems that the U.S. Air Force might have enhanced its training to better prepare for actual warfare,  he said. Both sides insist they don t want war, while saying they will act to defend themselves. U.S. national security adviser H.R. McMaster said at the weekend the possibility of war was  increasing every day.  He said Trump was prepared to take action against North Korea but was working to convince China, Russia and others to do more to press Pyongyang to get it to give up its weapons programs. U.S. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham urged the Pentagon on Sunday to start moving U.S. military dependants out of South Korea, saying conflict with North Korea was getting close. The Pentagon said it has  no intent  to move out any dependants. On Wednesday, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations,  Nikki Haley, raised doubts about U.S. participation in the  Olympic Winter Games in South Korea in February, telling Fox News that Washington was concerned about its citizens. However, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said on Thursday the United States looked forward to participating in the games and was engaged with South Korea and other nations to secure the venues. North Korea regularly threatens to destroy South Korea and the United States and says its weapons programs are necessary to counter U.S. aggression. The United States stations 28,500 troops in the South, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War. The rising tensions coincide with a rare visit to North Korea by United Nations political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman, the highest-level U.N. official to visit North Korea since 2012. Some analysts and diplomats hope his visit could spark a U.N.-led effort to defuse tensions. Feltman met North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho on Thursday, North Korea s official KCNA news agency said. ",1
12756,U.N. aviation agency not eyeing 'no-fly' zone around North Korea: sources,"MONTREAL (Reuters) - The United Nations aviation agency is not considering the  creation of a  no-fly  zone around North Korea because the direction of Pyongyang s tests are not predictable, two sources familiar with the organization s thinking said on Thursday. Airlines are already avoiding North Korean airspace and some have re-routed flights to avoid portions of the Sea of Japan because of the missile tests. European carriers Air France KLM SA and Lufthansa did so in August, while Singapore Airlines Ltd on Friday said its flight routings did not traverse near the missile trajectories because it had been avoiding the northern part of the Sea of Japan since July. Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd on Monday said the crew of a San Francisco-Hong Kong flight reported a suspected sighting of a missile re-entry from North Korea s latest test on Nov. 29. In a statement, the airline said the aircraft was far from the location and there were no plans to change flight routes at this stage. Data from flight tracking website FlightRadar24 shows the CX893 flight path was over land in Japan, to the east of the Sea of Japan. OPSGROUP, which provides safety guidance to airlines, said in September that the western portion of Japanese airspace is a risk area due to multiple North Korean missile re-entries into the same area, according to its website. International Air Transport Association (IATA) director general Alexandre de Juniac was quoted in the South China Morning Post on Thursday saying that the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO)  could declare a no-fly zone  in the region. Montreal-based ICAO cannot impose rules, such as ordering countries to close their domestic airspace, but regulators from its 191-member states almost always adopt and enforce the standards it sets for international aviation. ICAO has condemned North Korea for launching missiles without notice, a move that could represent a threat to commercial flights.  The missile tests are worrisome for civil aviation authorities in the wake of the 2014 downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 over Ukraine. So far, North Korea has not heeded requests by ICAO to give advance notice of any launches, one of the sources said. An IATA spokeswoman said by email on Thursday that de Juniac s remarks were in reference to the airline trade group s support of a recent decision by ICAO to  strongly condemn North Korea s continued launching of ballistic missiles over and near international air routes.   While ICAO has urged airlines to take precautions, the agency is not advocating for a no-fly zone, because such a move would be disruptive for carriers and it s not clear where North Korea will fire missiles during tests.  It is so random, it (a no fly zone) becomes ineffective,  one of the sources said. Both sources spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk with media. An ICAO spokesman was not immediately available for comment. Tensions in the region have risen markedly in recent months after repeated North Korean missile tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions and the detonation of what Pyongyang said was a hydrogen bomb on Sept. 3. On Thursday, two American B-1B heavy bombers joined large-scale combat drills over South Korea. ",1
12757,Russia: U.S. military drills likely aimed at provoking N.Korea,VIENNA (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday that military drills held by the United States and South Korea seemed to have aimed at provoking North Korea to hold more missile tests. He also said Moscow condemns North Korea s missile tests. ,1
12758,"Soccer: Born in Japan, playing for North Korea under shadow of missile crisis","TOKYO (Reuters) - Born and raised in Japan, three North Korean soccer players are expecting to face boos from the home crowd in a match that comes less than two weeks after the latest North Korean test missile splashed into the Sea of Japan. An Byong Jun, Kim Song Gi and Lee Yong Jick, who play their club soccer for J League division 2 sides, will represent North Korea when they take on Japan in Tokyo on Saturday in the final round of the East Asian Football Championship. The sporting contest is being held with the world still on edge after the North heightened alarm in South Korea, Japan and the United States by test firing an intercontinental ballistic missile on Nov. 29 that appeared to demonstrate increasing range. North Korea has test-fired missiles over the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido twice earlier this year and has threatened to sink Japan into the sea with a nuclear bomb. Unsurprisingly, Kim, a 29-year-old central defender, who hails from Hyogo prefecture in western Japan and plays his club soccer for Machida Zelvia in Tokyo, expects a hostile reception from Japanese supporters.  Bring on the booing,  said Kim.  Being booed actually gets me fired up. I was brought up that way and it doesn t really bother me.  He is eager to avenge a one-nil loss when he first played against Japan for North Korea six years ago. Kim, An and Lee all took up soccer when they were children attending Pyongyang-affiliated schools in Japan and saw playing as a North Korean international as the path to the highest level.  Soccer was all I thought about when I was a kid and it was my dream to play for North Korea,  Kim said.  My biggest goal now is to go to the World Cup.  Japanese nationality is inherited through parents, not place of birth, meaning the three players of North Korean descent are considered foreigners and ineligible to play for Japan s national team. The players  status as permanent residents in Japan is a throwback to the complex and conflicted relationship between the countries. Many Koreans were forced to move to Japan during its occupation of the Korean peninsula before and during World War Two, and suffered discrimination. They and their descendants are now eligible to become naturalized Japanese citizens, but many are loath to do so because that would involve giving up their Korean nationality and suffering a perceived loss of cultural identity. There were about 339,000 people with special permanent resident status - mostly those with Korean or Taiwanese ancestry - living in Japan last year, government data shows.  I ve never thought of taking Japanese citizenship,  said Kim.  My soul is 100 percent North Korean.  Lee, a 26-year-old Osaka native playing his first match against Japan, said he wasn t sure how the fans would react, noting that the team had expected boos when they played in South Korea but received applause instead.  It s complicated,  said the Kamatamare Sanuki defender, who switches to midfield for North Korea.   I hope we re treated the same as other teams that play against Japan. To be honest I hope we don t get booed.   Regarding political tensions, he said that things might seem bad looking only at the news in Japan but that he and his teammates had also seen a good side to North Korea on their trips to Pyongyang, on school trips and for training camp. An, who will also be playing his first match against Japan, said he was looking forward to playing in his hometown Tokyo and expected a good turnout from ethnic Korean fans. He said he had a lot of J League friends on the Japanese squad with whom he exchanges text messages and he was looking forward to a good match regardless of international tensions.  Soccer s great because teams can play fair and square and those kind of politics don t matter,  said the 27-year-old Roasso Kumamoto forward.  All I want to do is go out and represent my country as a soccer player.  Japan and North Korea last met in 2015, at the East Asia Football Championship in China, where North Korea prevailed 2-1. This year s men s tournament, which also features China and South Korea, runs Dec. 9-16. The women s tournament, comprising the same countries, is being held Dec. 8-15. ",1
12759,EU-Canada trade deal is only model that fits Britain's terms: EU's Barnier,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The future free trade agreement between the European Union and Britain will have to be along the same lines as the one the EU has with Canada, the EU s chief Brexit negotiation Michel Barnier said on Friday. Barnier said that there was no other option, given Britain s terms for a future relationship with the EU, after it leaves the bloc in 2019. Britain does not want to be part of the EU s single market, customs union or be subject to rulings by the European Court of Justice.  If you take that - what are you left with? Just one thing: a free trade agreement on the Canadian model,  Barnier told a news conference. ",1
12760,UK estimates cost of Brexit bill at 40-45 billion euros: source,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain estimates the ultimate cost of meeting its financial obligations to the European Union on Brexit at 40 to 45 billion euros, a British source said on Friday. ",1
12761,Zimbabwe court postpones U.S. citizen's subversion case to January,"HARARE (Reuters) - A Zimbabwean court has postponed to Jan. 4 the trial of a U.S. citizen accused of attempting to undermine the authority of former Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe s government. Martha O Donovan, 25, who is currently free on bail, denies the charges which center on a Twitter post the state says she wrote in October calling 93-year-old Mugabe a  selfish and sick man . Mugabe resigned a few weeks later in the wake of a de facto military coup and was succeeded by Emmerson Mnangagwa, who Mugabe had sacked as his deputy only a week before. The state said it needed more time to complete its investigations into the allegations against O Donovan, who works for Magamba TV, which describes itself as Zimbabwe s leading producer of political satire. When he released her on bail last month, High Court Judge Clement Phiri said there was  patent absence of facts  in the state s case against her. ",1
12762,China complains to Australia over Turnbull comments on interference,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Friday it had lodged a complaint with Australia after its prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, said he took reports very seriously that China s Communist Party had sought to interfere in his country. Turnbull said this week that foreign powers were making  unprecedented and increasingly sophisticated attempts to influence the political process  in Australia and the world. He cited  disturbing reports about Chinese influence . Turnbull, speaking to parliament on Thursday during the introduction of legislation to stop external interference in domestic politics, reiterated those concerns.  Media reports have suggested that the Chinese Communist Party has been working to covertly interfere with our media, our universities and even the decisions of elected representatives right here in this building. We take these reports very seriously,  he said. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said in Beijing he was  shocked  at what Turnbull had said. Such comments pandered to certain irresponsible reports in Australian media, were full of prejudice against China, were baseless and poisoned the atmosphere of China-Australia relations, Geng told a daily news briefing.  We express strong dissatisfaction at this, and have already lodged solemn representations with the Australian side,  he said. Geng said China had always respected the principle of non-interference in internal affairs in dealing with Australia  We strongly urge the relevant Australian person to spurn Cold War thinking and prejudice towards China, immediately stop making wrong comments that harm political mutual trust and mutually beneficial cooperation, and take effective steps to dispel negative effects,  he added. Geng s remarks were China s latest and strongest broadside against Australia on the issue. The Chinese embassy in Australia on Wednesday accused Australia of hysteria and paranoia after Turnbull vowed to ban foreign political donations to curb external influence in domestic politics. China s soft power has come under renewed focus this week after a politician from Australia s opposition Labor party was demoted from government having been found to have warned a prominent Chinese business leader and Communist Party member that his phone was being tapped by intelligence authorities. In June, Fairfax Media and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported on a concerted campaign by China to  infiltrate  Australian politics to promote Chinese interests.  ",1
12763,Britain's Johnson congratulates PM May on Brexit talks progress,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who spearheaded the campaign for Britain to leave the European Union, congratulated Prime Minister Theresa May on agreeing a divorce deal with the EU to move Brexit talks on to trade on Friday.  Congratulations to PM for her determination in getting today s deal,  he said on Twitter.   We now aim to forge a deep and special partnership with our European friends and allies while remaining true to the referendum result - taking back control of our laws, money and borders for the whole of the UK.  ",1
12764,"China warns of imminent attacks by ""terrorists"" in Pakistan","BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Friday warned its nationals in Pakistan of plans for a series of imminent  terrorist attacks  on Chinese targets there, an unusual alert as it pours funds into infrastructure projects into a country plagued by militancy. Thousands of Chinese workers have gone to Pakistan following Beijing s pledge to spend $57 billion there on projects in President Xi Jinping s signature  Belt and Road  development plan, which aims to link China with the Middle East and Europe. Protecting employees of Chinese companies, as well as individual entrepreneurs who have followed the investment wave along what is known as the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, has been a concern for Chinese officials.  It is understood that terrorists plan in the near term to launch a series of attacks against Chinese organizations and personnel in Pakistan,  the Chinese embassy in Pakistan said in a statement on its website. The embassy warned all  Chinese-invested organizations and Chinese citizens to increase security awareness, strengthen internal precautions, reduce trips outside as much as possible, and avoid crowded public spaces . It also asked Chinese nationals to cooperate with Pakistan s police and the military, and to alert the embassy in the event of an emergency.  It did not give any further details.  Pakistan s foreign ministry could not be reached immediately for comment. China has long worried about disaffected members of its Uighur Muslim minority in its far western region of Xinjiang linking up with militants in Pakistan and Afghanistan. At the same time, violence in Pakistan s southwestern Baluchistan province has fueled concern about security for planned transport and energy links from western China to Pakistan s deepwater port of Gwadar. The Taliban, sectarian groups linked to al Qaeda and the Islamic State all operate in Baluchistan, which borders Iran and Afghanistan and is at the center of the  Belt and Road  initiative.  In addition, separatists there have long battled the government for a greater share of gas and mineral resources, and have a long record of attacking energy and other infrastructure projects. Islamic State claimed responsibility for killing two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Baluchistan in June, prompting the government in Islamabad to pledge to beef up security for Chinese nationals.  It had already promised a 15,000-strong army division to safeguard projects along the economic corridor. China s security concerns abroad have grown along with its global commercial footprint. In 2016, a suspected suicide car bomber rammed the gates of the Chinese embassy in the Kyrgyz capital Bishkek, killing the attacker and wounding at least three people. ",1
12765,Malaysia's ruling party unites behind Najib as election looms,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia s ruling party united behind scandal-tainted Prime Minister Najib Razak as he prepares for a general election due by August by deciding on Friday that he could stand unopposed in a party leadership contest due some time next year. Najib is hoping to win a third term despite the multi-billion dollar corruption scandal at 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) that has dogged his premiership for the last two years. Najib has consistently denied any wrongdoing at the state fund, which he founded and served as chairman of the advisory board. At its last annual party conference before a general election, the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) gave both Najib and his deputy, Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, a free pass to retain their posts in a party leadership ballot next year.  Therefore, in the spirit of togetherness and mutuality...  state-run news agency Bernama quoted permanent chairman Badruddin Amiruldin as saying,  it is decided at this assembly that the post of president held by Datuk Seri Najib Razak and the post of deputy president Datuk Seri Dr Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, will not be contested in the coming elections.  When the 1MDB controversy first erupted in 2015, Najib quashed an internal revolt after some UMNO leaders asked him to step down and he blocked an inquiry into the affair. Leadership elections were postponed as he went on to purge the party of dissent while he also dropped his former liberal image, cracking down on opponents and civil society, as he moved UMNO closer to conservative Islamist values, worrying Malaysia s sizable Chinese and Indian minorities. Addressing the conference earlier this week, Najib called for loyalty from UMNO s 3.4 million members.  Have absolute loyalty and obey all the instructions of the top leadership,  he said in a keynote address to the party faithful. Four years ago, UMNO crept back into power despite registering its worst ever election performance, as an opposition front led the charismatic Anwar Ibrahim called foul after losing despite winning the popular vote. This time, however, the challenge is coming from the veteran  Mahathir Mohamad - who gave up the premiership in 2003 after 22 years in power and had been Najib s political mentor. Mahathir, has come out of retirement to team up with Anwar - who is languishing in jail having been convicted in a case that both he and independent observers say was politically motivated. A rebounding economy and strengthening ringgit currency have helped Najib improve his image among Malaysians, who have been frustrated with the corruption and rising living costs. But the 1MDB scandal refuses to go away, with U.S. Attorney General this week referring to the case as the worst example of kleptocracy that the Department of Justice had investigated. ",1
12766,Impossible to calculate Brexit bill figure at present: EU's Barnier,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Friday it was not possible to put a concrete figure on the amount of money Britain will have to pay the EU upon exiting the bloc because numbers may change in the future.  I have never quoted any figures and will not start today ... because they can change,  Barnier told a news conference. He said he was satisfied with the agreement between the EU and Britain that no EU country, including Britain, would have to pay more or receive less as a result of Britain s decision to leave the bloc in 2019. ",1
12767,Vietnam reviews toll road after rare protests,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam s government has promised a full review of charges at a toll gate on a new road after protests there posed a rare challenge to the Communist authorities and showed signs of spreading. Charges at the Cai Lay toll road in southern Vietnam were suspended by the government on Monday after protesting drivers caused long tailbacks by paying fees in bundles of tiny denomination bills. There is little tolerance of dissent in Vietnam and the government is acutely sensitive to any sign of public disaffection, particularly if it spreads on social media. In comments published on the government s website on Friday, Transport Minister Nguyen Van The said he was investigating alternative proposals for operating the toll road.  We will carry out our research and complete the report to the government,  he was quoted as saying.  Whichever option we choose for Cai Lay will have an impact on other BOT (Build Operate and Transfer) projects.  He dismissed accusations on social media that officials had benefited from connections to the company operating the toll gate. Vietnam is also in the midst of a crackdown on corruption. There are some 88 toll stations on Vietnamese roads set up by investors under BOT schemes to finance construction. But the one on the Cai Lay toll road caused anger when it opened in Aug. 1, because its location meant even drivers who were not going to use the new road had to pay. The investor said that was fair because it had also repaired the old road, but drivers pointed out those repairs cost very little. Charges were suspended when protests started after the toll gate first opened, but the toll booths reopened on Nov. 30. To protest, some drivers paid tolls of 25,000 ($1.10) to 140,000 dong using low-value notes   sometimes requiring the toll gates to count hundreds of bills for a single transaction. Similar protests then appeared on roads in other parts of the country, causing long hold-ups for traffic in one of Southeast Asia s fastest growing economies. Authorities needed handle the situation sensitively, said one Facebook user, who commented:  This could become a bigger problem if they shield each other against this legitimate protest by the people . The toll gate protest is one of the biggest public displays of anger in Vietnam since demonstrations in 2016 against a toxic spill from a steel plant and the slow government response to the marine environmental disaster it caused. The Vietnamese company that built the new road, National Highway No. 1 Tien Gang Investment Co. Ltd., told media that unhappy road users should understand that it was a business with workers and their families to support.   ",1
12768,"Britain won't pay EU more, or sooner, than if it were EU member: Barnier","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain will honor all its financial obligations to the European Union as part of its divorce bill, but the payments will not be required any earlier than if Britain had remained an EU member, the EU s chief negotiator Michel Barnier said. The European Commission declared earlier on Friday that sufficient progress in the divorce talks with Britain was reached to move on to discussions of a transition period and a future trade deal. Barnier repeated the words of British Prime Minister Theresa May that no EU country, including Britain would have to pay more or receive less as a result of Brexit.  The UK will honor all the commitments entered into during its EU membership,  Barnier told a news conference. ",1
12769,France's Macron says external powers must stop interfering in Lebanon,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron called on all foreign powers to stop interfering in Lebanese politics and urged all Lebanese sides to fully implement a pact to keep out of regional conflicts.  For Lebanon to be protected from regional crises it s essential that all Lebanese parties and regional actors respect the principle of non-interference,  Macron said at the opening of international meeting on Lebanon in Paris.  The meeting today must show the will of international community to see the policy of regional disassociation put into place effectively by all in the country.   ",1
12770,Japan to acquire air-launched missiles able to strike North Korea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan is to acquire medium-range, air-launched cruise missiles,  capable of striking North Korea, a controversial purchase of what will become the longest-range munitions of a country that has renounced the right to wage war. Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera did not refer to North Korea when announcing the planned acquisition and said the new missiles would be for defence, with Japan still relying on the United States to strike any enemy bases.  We are planning to introduce the JSM (Joint Strike Missile)  that will be mounted on the F-35A (stealth fighter) as  stand-off  missiles that can be fired beyond the range of enemy threats,  Onodera told a news conference.  Japan is also looking to mount Lockheed Martin Corp s extended-range Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile (JASSM-ER) on its F-15 fighters, he said. The JSM, designed by Norway s Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace , has a range of 500 km (310 miles). The JASSM-ER can hit targets 1,000 km away. The purchase plan is likely to face criticism from opposition parties in parliament, especially from politicians wary of the watering down of Japan s renunciation of the right to wage war enshrined in its post-World War Two constitution. But the growing threat posed by North Korean ballistic missiles has spurred calls from politicians, including Onodera, for a more robust military that could deter North Korea from launching an attack. Japan s missile force has been limited to anti-aircraft and anti-ship munitions with ranges of less than 300 km (186 miles).  The change suggests the growing threat posed by North Korea has given proponents of a strike capability the upper hand in military planning. North Korea has recently test-fired ballistic missiles over Japan and last week tested a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile that climbed to an altitude of more than 4,000 km before splashing into the sea within Japan s exclusive economic zone. ",1
12771,Irish PM cautious over two-year Brexit transition period,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The Brexit transition period of around two years envisaged in EU draft guidelines on Friday is a  decent amount of time  but a longer period could be needed to ratify a future trade deal, Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said.  Two years is a decent amount of time, we would be happy for it to be longer but we re also comfortable with two years,  Varadkar told a news conference after hailing Friday s agreement on the Irish border as  a very significant day  for the whole of the island.  I would add one word of caution to having a transition phase of two years, obviously what we re going to want to do is negotiate new treaties between the UK and EU. It can take many years to negotiate treaties and how long the transition phase should be, in my view, must be linked to how long it will take us to secure ratification of those treaties.  ",1
12772,EU negotiator says British withdrawal deal must be ready by Oct. 2018,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain s withdrawal agreement from the European Union must be ready by October, the bloc s Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Friday as London and the 27 remaining states sealed a deal to move their negotiations forward.  We will need to have the final version of the withdrawal agreement ready by October 2018, in less than one year,  Barnier told a news conference. ",1
12773,Senior pro-Brexit minister Gove backs PM May deal on EU exit: BBC,"LONDON (Reuters) - British minister Michael Gove, an influential pro-Brexit voice in Prime Minister Theresa May s cabinet, gave his support on Friday to a deal announced in Brussels to move negotiations forward.  This is a significant personal political achievement for the Prime Minister... Earlier this week, there were all sorts of doomsayers who thought there would be no prospect of an agreement. They ve been proven wrong,  he told BBC radio. ",1
12774,"Vatican should bring money-laundering cases to trial, watchdog agency says","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The Vatican needs to bring cases of suspected money laundering to trial, a European finance watchdog urged on Friday, saying the good progress made by its financial regulators needed to be matched by judicial muscle. Moneyval, the monitoring body of the Council of Europe, said the Vatican s prosecutor also should be more  proactive  in other financial crimes, such as corruption, embezzlement or abuse of office, and  actively consider appealing sentences which he considers unduly lenient .  On the law enforcement side, after five years of development of (anti-money laundering legislation) it is somewhat surprising that no prosecution or indictment has so far been brought before the (Vatican) tribunal which involves a count of money laundering,  the report said. It said the success rate of the prosecutor before the Tribunal  is so far not encouraging . In a statement, the Vatican acknowledged  there are still areas for further improvement, in particular as regards law enforcement and the judicial side . Pope Francis has made cleaning up Vatican finances a priority since his election in 2013, and Holy See staff worked with the Moneyval evaluators. But his efforts appear to have hit obstacles in recent months. The Vatican s finance minister, Cardinal George Pell, has taken an indefinite leave of absence to face accusations of  historical sexual offences  in his native Australia. He denies them. In June, the Vatican s first auditor general resigned, and last week, the Vatican bank s deputy director general was fired under circumstances that the Vatican has not made clear. The 200-page report generally praised the work of the Vatican s financial intelligence authority, known by its Italian acronym AIF and headed by Swiss lawyer Rene Bruelhart. It said the number and quality of suspicious activity reports sent to the AIF by Vatican departments or individuals had increased significantly, meaning the bureaucratic reporting procedures  have steadily improved . The AIF passes on reports it deems worthy of further investigation to the prosecutor s office. But the report lamented the lack of prosecution in cases of suspected money laundering. In 2015, for example, an investigation was opened after an internal report said a department of the Holy See that oversees real estate and investments was used in the past for possible money laundering by Italian bankers, insider trading and market manipulation. The case still has not gone to trial. In April, Italy put the Vatican on its  white list  of states with cooperative financial institutions, ending years of mistrust. Hundreds of suspicious or dormant accounts at the Vatican bank, which was the officially known as the Institute for Works of Religion (IOR) have been closed in recent years. The Moneyval report said the AIF s supervision of the IOR  is now firmly established . ",1
12775,France says progress in Brexit talks shows common sense prevailing,"PARIS (Reuters) - Common sense is prevailing in Brexit negotiations between Britain and the European Union, France s foreign minister said on Friday, as he welcomed signs that talks were moving into a new phase after an initial breakthrough.  The European Commission said on Friday enough progress had been made in Brexit negotiations with Britain and that a second phase of discussions should begin, ending an impasse over the status of the Irish border.  The work that has been done on negotiations ... is gradually leading us to common sense,  Jean-Yves Le Drian told France Inter radio.  We wanted the conditions for (Britain s) withdrawal to be clearly defined to be able to move into another phase. That s what s going to happen now, I hope.  ",1
12776,IMF's Lagarde tells Ukraine president to speed up reforms,"KIEV (Reuters) - The head of the International Monetary Fund, Christine Lagarde, said she had a constructive phone call with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko late on Thursday in which she urged him to speed up the fight against corruption.  Perceived backsliding on reform commitments, including delays in establishing an independent court to handle corruption cases, has held up billions of dollars in loans under Ukraine s $17.5 billion IMF program. Action by parliament and prosecutors against existing anti-corruption institutions such as the NABU investigative bureau   also provoked a wave of criticism this week from reformists in Ukraine and its foreign backers, including the IMF.  I had a constructive and open discussion with President Poroshenko on Ukraine s efforts to fight corruption,  Lagarde said in a statement. Lagarde said she and Poroshenko discussed the need to safeguard the independence of NABU and similar institutions and that they agreed on the urgency of establishing an anti-corruption court.  I assured the President that the IMF stands ready to continue to support Ukraine, along with other international partners, in the fight against corruption and encouraged the authorities to accelerate the implementation of reforms,  she said. ",1
12777,UK's Brexit minister says today is a big step forward in delivering EU exit: Twitter,"LONDON (Reuters) - Brexit minister David Davis said Britain had taken a big step forward in delivering the country s departure from the European Union on Friday, commenting on a deal with the EU Commission to move to the next stage of negotiation.  Today is a big step forward in delivering Brexit. Been a lot of work but glad the Commission have now recommended that sufficient progress has been reached,  Davis said on Twitter. ",1
12778,Tusk says EU to start transition talks with Britain,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The chairman of European Union leaders, Donald Tusk, said the bloc is ready to start negotiating a transition period with Britain after it leaves the EU, and it wanted more clarity from London on how it sees their new relationship after leaving.  Tusk said Britain will have to respect all EU laws during the transition, as well as respect its budgetary commitments and the bloc s judicial oversight. But it would no longer take part in decision-making that will be done by the 27 remaining states.  We are ready to start preparing a close UK-EU partnership in trade but also fight against terrorism and international crime, as well as security, defense and foreign policy,  Tusk told reporters after British PM Theresa May arrived in Brussels with a Brexit deal. Tusk said, however, too much time was spent on negotiating the outlines of Britain s exit, which he said was the relatively easier part.   We all know that breaking up is hard but breaking up and building a new relation is much harder,  he said.  So much time has been devoted to the easier task and now ... we have de facto less than a year,  left of talks before Britain is due to leave in March, 2019.  ",1
12779,Britain's Hammond says Brexit deal is a boost to the economy,"LONDON (Reuters) - The divorce deal agreed by London and Brussels on Friday is a boost to the British economy, finance minister Philip Hammond said on Friday, as he urged both sides to now move on to a trade deal that supports jobs and prosperity.   Delighted a deal agreed in Brussels that paves way for further progress on talks about future UK/EU relationship,  he said on Twitter.  A positive step. Congratulations @theresa_may  Today s announcement in Brussels is a boost for Britain s economy. Now let s conclude a trade deal that supports Britain s jobs, businesses and prosperity.  ",1
12780,Scotland's Sturgeon says staying in EU customs union now the only sensible option,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Scotland s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said that if Britain is leaving the European Union then single market and customs union membership were  the only sensible option , adding that now the negotiations would move on to a new tougher level.  Move to phase 2 of talks good - but devil is in the detail and things now get really tough. If Brexit is happening (wish it wasn t) staying in single market & customs union is only sensible option. And any special arrangements for NI must be available to other UK nations,  she said on Twitter. Earlier the European Commission and Britain agreed that Brexit talks can move on to the second phase of negotiations, which will focus on trade. ",1
12781,Border agreement puts floor under EU/UK trade talks: Irish foreign minister,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The Brexit agreement on the Irish border that assures Northern Ireland will remain aligned with the European Union s customs union and single market  puts a floor  under what is possible in negotiations on trade after Britain leaves the EU, Ireland s foreign minister said.  What it means is any deal that is done has to be better than the default position, otherwise we won t be able to agree it,  Simon Coveney told national broadcaster RTE after the deal was struck early on Friday.  I think what that does is, it puts a floor under what is possible in terms of the outcome that we can t fall below, so Ireland obviously has a huge interest in the phase two negotiations.  ",1
12782,Brexit campaigner Farage says UK set for 'next stage of humiliation',"LONDON (Reuters) - Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage said Britain was now ready to  move on to the next stage of humiliation  after Prime Minister Theresa May agreed the terms of Britain s divorce from the European Union.   A deal in Brussels is good news for Mrs May as we can now move on to the next stage of humiliation,  he said on Twitter.  ",1
12783,Russia says ready for talks with U.S. to try to save arms pact,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s Foreign Ministry said on Friday it was ready for talks with the United States to try to keep a landmark arms control treaty that helped end the Cold War alive and that Moscow would comply with its obligations if the U.S. did. The ministry was referring to the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty, which was signed in 1987 and banned all Soviet and American short and intermediate-range land-based nuclear and conventional missiles. Its statement was published to mark the 30th anniversary of the treaty, which was signed with the Soviet Union. The ministry said Moscow was ready to hold talks with the U.S. on problems that have arisen around the treaty, but considered  the language of ultimatums  and attempts to pressure Russia by imposing sanctions unacceptable. ",1
12784,UK PM May promises to uphold N. Ireland peace process as Brexit impasse ends,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday she would continue to govern in the interests of all Northern Ireland and uphold the agreement that ended decades of sectarian violence in the province. The statement comes as an impasse over the future of the Irish border once Britain leaves the European Union looked to have been resolved.   This Government will continue to govern in the interests of the whole community in Northern Ireland and uphold the Agreements that have underpinned the huge progress that has been made over the past two decades,  a statement published on the government s website said. ",1
12785,"Britain, EU agree on divorce bill, Northern Ireland, citizens' rights: joint report","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union have agreed on the three key divorce issues of a financial settlement, citizens  rights and how to avoid a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland after Britain leaves the EU, a joint report said. The report did not specify a sum that Britain would owe the EU as a result of its exit from the bloc in 2019, but said:  Both Parties have agreed a methodology for the financial settlement.  On Northern Ireland, the report said that unless otherwise agreed, Britain would keep laws in Northern Ireland aligned with those of the European Union s internal market and customs union to avoid the need for a border.  In the absence of agreed solutions, the United Kingdom will maintain full alignment with those rules of the Internal Market and the Customs Union which, now or in the future, support North-South cooperation, the all island economy and the protection of the 1998 Agreement,  the report said. ",1
12786,Brexit deal guarantees no hard border in Ireland: Irish foreign minister,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The agreement reached by Brexit negotiators early on Friday fully guarantees that there can be no hard border on the island of Ireland once Britain leaves the European Union, Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said.   Deal Confirmed! Ireland supports Brexit negotiations moving to Phase 2 now that we have secured assurances for all on the island of Ireland - fully protecting GFA (Good Friday Agreement), peace process, all-Island economy and ensuring that there can be NO HARD BORDER on the Island of Ireland post Brexit,  Coveney said on Twitter.  Very good outcome for everyone on the island of Ireland - no Hard Border guaranteed!,  he added. ",1
12787,UK to remain in sync after Brexit with EU rules supporting Irish peace,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain will  maintain full alignment  after Brexit with the European Union s single market and customs union rules that support peace, cooperation and economy on the island of Ireland, an agreement between the bloc and London said on Friday.  It added that Britain  will ensure that no new regulatory barriers develop between Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom.  For the full text of the agreement, please see: here ",1
12788,EU's Juncker says Brexit talks to move to second phase,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker said on Friday that Brexit talks would move on to the second phase to talk about trade after he judged that  sufficient progress  had been made on the divorce deal.   The Commission has just formally decided to recommend to the European Council that sufficient progress has now been made on the strict terms of the divorce,  he told an early morning press conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May. Juncker said a lot of work still remained to be done.  ",1
12789,"Substantive changes to Brexit border text, says Northern Ireland's DUP leader","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has made substantive changes to its proposed text for a deal with the European Union, the leader of Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party said on Friday as Prime Minister Theresa May arrived in Brussels to present the deal.  We re pleased to see those change because for me it means there s no red line down the Irish Sea and we have the very clear confirmation that the entirety of the United Kingdom is leaving the European union, leaving the single market, leaving the customs union,  Arlene Foster told Sky News.  There are still matters there that we would have liked to have seen clarified, we ran out of time essentially, we think that we needed to go back again and talk about those matters but the prime minister has decided to go to Brussels in relation to this text.  ",1
12790,Aide to EU Commission head tweets picture of white smoke at Brexit meeting with May,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Martin Selmayr, a top aide to the head of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker, signaled on Friday there was an agreement on Britain s divorce terms with the EU by tweeting a picture of white smoke that is a symbol of the election of a new pope. Juncker, Selmayr and the EU s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier are at a working breakfast with British Prime Minister Theresa May in Brussels. ",1
12791,"British foreign minister to visit Iran, lobby for jailed aid worker","LONDON (Reuters) - British foreign minister Boris Johnson will travel to Iran on Saturday to lobby counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif for the release of jailed Iranian-British aid worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe. The trip will be only the third by a British foreign minister to Iran in the last 14 years, and takes place against a complex backdrop of historical, regional and bilateral tensions. Johnson has vowed to leave  no stone unturned  in Britain s efforts to free Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, who was sentenced to five years in prison after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges.  The Foreign Secretary will urge the Iranians to release dual nationals where there are humanitarian grounds to do so,  a foreign office spokesman said. Zaghari-Ratcliffe is not the only dual national being held in Iran, but has become the most high profile after Johnson said she had been teaching people journalism before her arrest in April 2016, in remarks critics said could have prompted Iran to extend her sentence.  The Thomson Reuters Foundation, a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News, said Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran. Johnson has since apologized for his comments. There were calls for his resignation - something which threatened to destabilize Prime Minister Theresa May s minority government at a crucial point in Britain s Brexit negotiations. Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been told she will appear in court on Dec. 10, her husband Richard has said. The visit will be sandwiched between meetings in Oman and the United Arab Emirates as Johnson - a key proponent of Britain s exit from the European Union - takes advantage of a gap in a domestic parliamentary calendar dominated by Brexit. Johnson was a surprise choice for Britain s top diplomat when he was appointed by May in 2016. He has a record of political gaffes and use of florid and sometimes undiplomatic language.  The visit will test his ability to navigate a political landscape littered with potential pitfalls. Iran s 1979 Islamic Revolution turned it into a pariah state for most of the West and many Middle Eastern neighbors. International sanctions have only recently been lifted as part of a multilateral nuclear deal to curb Iran s disputed uranium enrichment program. That deal is under threat after U.S. President Donald Trump decided to decertify Iran s compliance with the terms of the agreement.  Britain has voiced its continued support for the nuclear deal but is one of a number of Western powers voicing concerns about Tehran s  destabilizing  influence in the region.  This visit comes at a crucial time for the Gulf region and provides an opportunity to discuss a peaceful solution to the conflict in Yemen, the future of the Iran nuclear deal and the current volatility in the Middle East,  the spokesman said.  ",1
12792,Honduras election tribunal says to hold partial re-count in presidential vote,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduras  election tribunal will re-count 4,753 ballot boxes that have cast a shadow on the results of the country s presidential election, the tribunal chief said on Thursday, bowing to a demand by the Organization of American States (OAS). Nearly two weeks since Honduras  Nov. 26 presidential election, the result remains unknown, with allegations of electoral fraud sparking protests and a chorus of international concern over events in the poor Central American nation.  Official results showed Honduras  conservative President Juan Orlando Hernandez with a narrow 1.6 percentage point lead over center-left opposition leader Salvador Nasralla. However, no victor has yet been declared by the election tribunal. The tribunal declared Nasralla the leader in an announcement on the morning after the vote, with just over half of the ballot boxes counted. However, it gave no further updates for about 36 hours. Once results then started flowing again, Nasralla s lead quickly started narrowing.  On Thursday, after meeting with the United States  top diplomat in Honduras and the OAS country representative, tribunal chief David Matamoros said there would be a re-count of ballot boxes that arrived after the 36-hour pause, and which the opposition has claimed are tainted.  This is a process we want to undertake in front of the eyes of the world, and we want to invite civil society,  Matamoros said at a press conference in the capital, Tegucigalpa.  The OAS, which on Wednesday said it may call for new Honduran elections if  irregularities  undermine the credibility of results, had previously called for a recount of those 4,753 ballot boxes. It remains to be seen if the opposition will accept the tribunal s offer. Nasralla on Wednesday evening called for an international arbiter to oversee a recount of the entire 18,000-odd ballot boxes, saying he no longer recognized the Honduran tribunal because of its role in the process. Separately, Honduras  security ministry said on Thursday it was removing the curfew from three more departments, meaning only six of the country s 18 departments are still under curfew. ",1
12793,Japan's Oxford-educated crown prince to bring global view to Chrysanthemum Throne,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Oxford-educated crown prince, Naruhito, looks set to  bring a more global outlook to the ancient imperial institution while carrying on Emperor Akihito s legacy of promoting peace and reconciliation with Asia when he ascends the throne in 2019. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s cabinet on Friday signed off on  an April 30, 2019 date for the octogenarian Akihito s retirement - the first abdication by a Japanese monarch in two centuries. Akihito, who turns 84 on Dec. 23, has spent much of his nearly three decades on the throne trying to heal the wounds of a war fought in his father Hirohito s name and highlighting the needs of the vulnerable in society. He said in August 2016 that he feared age would make it hard to fulfil his duties.  As an Oxford-educated scholar and well traveled crown prince, Naruhito can draw on a wealth of international experience in carrying out the duties his father pioneered,  said Jeffrey Kingston, director of Asian studies at Temple University Japan. Naruhito, 57, is an advocate for environmental causes, and has taken part in international conferences on clean water.  Certainly, on environmental issues, he s very passionate,   said Shihoko Goto, a senior associate for Northeast Asia at the Washington-based Wilson Center.   He is also very concerned about women s rights ... the idea of empowering women and giving them a position of dignity that goes beyond their place in the traditional world.  Naruhito defied palace officials to marry Masako Owada, a Harvard- and Oxford-educated diplomat who has suffered from stress-related illness brought on by the demands of palace life and pressure to bear a royal heir. At one point, he shocked the public with his blunt defense of his wife from criticism and pressure, drawing a rebuke from his younger brother and sorrowful remarks from his father. Masako s daughter, 16-year-old Aiko, cannot inherit the males-only throne. A one-off law allowing Akihito to abdicate was enacted in June, but did not address the controversial issue of female succession - a matter that is becoming increasingly pressing as the royal family shrinks and ages. Akihito has only one grandson, 11-year-old Prince Hisahito. How Masako, 53, copes with the role of empress will be closely watched.  My hope is that ... she will be able to express herself and embrace some of the things she wants to do and be at the forefront of imperial diplomacy,  the Wilson Center s Goto said. ",1
12794,Brexit Irish border deal possible within hours,"BRUSSELS/DUBLIN (Reuters) - The United Kingdom and Ireland could reach agreement in hours on how to run their post-Brexit Irish land border, paving the way for a deal that would remove the last obstacle to opening free-trade talks with the European Union. A carefully choreographed attempt to showcase the progress of Brexit talks collapsed at the last minute on Dec. 4 when the Northern Irish party which props up Prime Minister Theresa May s government vetoed a draft deal already agreed with Ireland. Since then, May has been scrambling to clinch a deal on the new UK-EU land border in Ireland that is acceptable to the European Union, Dublin, her own lawmakers and Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party, which keeps her government in power. May and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker could meet early on Friday to seal a border deal, the European Commission s chief spokesman said.  We are making progress but not yet fully there,  Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas said.  Talks are continuing throughout the night. Early morning meeting possible.  A spokesman for PM May said Brexit discussions were ongoing while a senior Irish official said talks were moving swiftly and that a deal was possible in hours.  It is moving quite quickly at the moment,  the Irish official told a British Irish Chamber of Commerce event in Brussels.  I think we are going to work over the next couple of hours with the UK government to close this off. I say hours because I think we are very close.  Later on Thursday, the political editor of the BBC said the leadership of the DUP in Belfast had not signed off on the border deal, meaning it could yet stumble, but May continued to plan to meet Juncker and European Council President Donald Tusk early on Friday in Brussels to finalize the agreement. The political editor of Sky News, quoting a DUP source, said the party would continue to work on the border issue on Friday. Moving to talks about trade and a Brexit transition are crucial for the future of May s premiership, and to keep trade flowing between the world s biggest trading bloc and its sixth largest national economy after Britain leaves on March 29, 2019. But the EU will only move to trade talks if there is enough progress on three key issues: the money Britain must pay to the EU; rights for EU citizens in Britain and British citizens in the EU; and how to avoid a hard border with Ireland. As speculation swirled about whether London, Dublin and Brussels were about to clinch a border deal, European Council President Donald Tusk s office said he would brief reporters at 0650 GMT on Friday before departing for Hungary. The EU says May has an effective deadline of Sunday night if she wants to seal a deal and hope to have agreement on trade talks in time for the EU summit on Dec. 14-15. All sides say they want to avoid a return to a hard border between EU member Ireland and the British-ruled province of Northern Ireland, which might upset the peace established after decades of violence. The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) insists that Northern Ireland, as part of the United Kingdom, must leave the EU in the same way as the rest of the United Kingdom. To clinch a deal, though, May must ensure she has the support of the DUP, whose leader told her bluntly on Monday that it would not support her minority government s legislation unless the Irish border draft deal was changed. She must also convince her divided Conservative Party that the deal she makes is acceptable. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, a leader of the Brexit campaign, insisted the whole of the United Kingdom must  take back control  when it left the EU.  Whatever way we devise for getting onto the body of the (Brexit) talks, it s got to be consistent with the whole of the United Kingdom taking back control of our laws, of our borders and of our cash,  Johnson told reporters.     ",1
12795,Brexit deal on Irish border possible by Friday: EU Commission,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain s Prime Minister Theresa May and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker may meet early on Friday to reach a deal on the Irish border after Brexit, a Commission spokesman said on Thursday.  We are making progress but not yet fully there. Talks are continuing throughout the night. Early morning meeting possible,  the spokesman said on Twitter.   Juncker spoke by telephone to May and Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar, the spokesman said.    ",1
12796,'Slightly modified' Irish border text under consideration: governing party MEP,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Brexit negotiators in Brussels, Dublin and London are working on a new text on the post-Brexit Irish land border with Northern Ireland that might be modified somewhat from a version that was almost agreed earlier this week, a member of the European Parliament from Ireland s governing party said on Thursday.  My understanding is all the parties are working on a new text,  Fine Gael s Brian Hayes told Irish broadcaster RTE.  It s not that the text is changed in substance from the original but that it might be modified somewhat, new language, but as we speak those negotiations are continuing and have intensified.   ",1
12797,Thousands of Tunisians protest against Trump's Jerusalem decision,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Thousands of Tunisians protested in several cities on Thursday against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and decision to move the U.S. Embassy there, residents said. Labor unions and other groups have called for even bigger protests in the capital Tunis and other cities in the North African country after Friday prayers. Thursday s demonstrations went peacefully with several hundreds alone gathering in central Tunis, holding up Palestinian flags and banners, residents said. Protesters burned a U.S. flag and others stepped on images of Israeli flags.  Tunisia s President Beji Caid Essebsi sent a letter to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas condemning the U.S. decision, saying it undermined Palestinian rights, officials said. ",1
12798,Trump dangles Middle East peace plan to limit Jerusalem outcry,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When President Donald Trump told the Palestinian president of his intention to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, he assured him a peace plan being put together would please the Palestinians, officials said, an apparent effort to limit fallout over his break with longtime U.S. policy.         Trump s phone call to Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday, the day before he made his bombshell announcement on Jerusalem, appeared to shed new light on behind-the-scenes efforts by White House advisers to craft a peace blueprint expected to be rolled out in the first half of 2018 but which has now been thrown into doubt because of an angry outcry across the Middle East. With Palestinians declaring it will be difficult for the United States to act as an honest broker after essentially siding with Israel on one of the central disputes in the conflict, administration officials said they expected a  cooling-off period.  Trump s team, led by his son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, will press on with development of a plan to serve as the foundation for renewed Israeli Palestinian negotiations, hoping the furor will blow over and that any pause in diplomatic contacts with the Palestinians will not last long, U.S. officials said. But amid protests in the Palestinian territories and uncertainty about whether the Palestinians will stay engaged in the peace effort, one U.S. official said the process could still be disrupted.  If they are still saying they re not going to talk, we re not going to do it then,  the official said. Washington s major Western and Arab allies have warned that Trump s decision on Jerusalem could doom attempts to achieve what the U.S. president has called the  ultimate deal  of Israeli-Palestinian peace. Details of the negotiating framework have yet to be finalized and there is little indication of tangible progress. But officials said it would deal with all the major issues, including Jerusalem, borders, security, the future of Jewish settlements on occupied land and the fate of Palestinian refugees, and would also call for Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states to provide significant financial support to the Palestinians. In his call to Abbas on Tuesday, Trump sought to temper the blow from his Jerusalem announcement by stressing that the Palestinians stood to gain from the peace plan that Kushner and U.S. Middle East envoy Jason Greenblatt were crafting, according to two U.S. and two Palestinian officials who spoke on condition of anonymity. Trump told Abbas, a Western-backed moderate, that the final peace blueprint would offer the Palestinians an important settlement that they would be pleased with, but did not provide specifics, the sources said. Abbas told Trump in response that any peace process must result in the Palestinians having their capital in East Jerusalem, a Palestinian official said. Israel captured East Jerusalem in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war and later annexed it in a move not recognized internationally. A senior U.S. official said Trump told Abbas he wanted to discuss the issues in person and invited him to visit the White House, although the timing was unclear. Palestinians have grown increasingly concerned that any plan Trump unveils will shortchange them, a fear that deepened with Trump s formal endorsement of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, upending decades of U.S. policy that the ancient city s status must be decided in negotiations. Jerusalem is home to sites holy to Muslims, Jews and Christians. Kushner, who had no government or diplomatic experience before joining his father-in-law s White House, has mostly kept his discussions under wraps. U.S. officials say Kushner backed Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and order the eventual relocation of the U.S. Embassy there from Tel Aviv, although he was aware of the potential for complicating his peace efforts. But one White House official said that because the peace effort had not yet led to negotiations between the two sides, Kushner s team believed the initial outcry over the Jerusalem decision could eventually be overcome. The official said the plan, which he described as comprehensive and going beyond frameworks put forth by previous U.S. administrations, would likely be unveiled before the middle of next year. A key test of keeping the peace efforts on track will be whether Abbas goes ahead with a scheduled meeting with U.S. Vice President Mike Pence when he visits the region in mid-December.  A senior Palestinian official said on Thursday that Pence was  unwelcome in Palestine.  Trump, the officials said, had insisted that U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital was not meant to prejudge the outcome of future negotiations on that issue or others between the two sides. U.S. officials acknowledged that Trump s Jerusalem moves could also put a damper on cooperation from Arab states such as Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Jordan, which the administration is trying to enlist in the peace process. They contended, however, that the broader Arab world was also concerned about keeping Trump involved in confronting Iran and fighting Islamic State militants and was therefore unlikely to remain disengaged for long from efforts to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. One U.S. official said the Palestinians were in such a weak position that they would ultimately have no choice but to stay involved in U.S.-led peace efforts. Another argument that Trump s aides will likely make to Palestinians is that having granted Israel recognition of its claim to Jerusalem, the U.S. leader might now have more leverage for seeking concessions later on from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the U.S. official said. ",1
12799,"Displaced by mining, Peru villagers spurn shiny new town","NUEVA FUERABAMBA, Peru (Reuters) - This remote town in Peru s southern Andes was supposed to serve as a model for how companies can help communities uprooted by mining. Named Nueva Fuerabamba, it was built to house around 1,600 people who gave up their village and farmland to make room for a massive, open-pit copper mine. The new hamlet boasts paved streets and tidy houses with electricity and indoor plumbing, once luxuries to the indigenous Quechua-speaking people who now call this place home. The mine s operator, MMG Ltd, the Melbourne-based unit of state-owned China Minmetals Corp, threw in jobs and enough cash so that some villagers no longer work. But the high-profile deal has not brought the harmony sought by villagers or MMG, a testament to the difficulty in averting mining disputes in this mineral-rich nation. Resource battles are common in Latin America, but tensions are particularly high in Peru, the world s No. 2 producer of copper, zinc and silver. Peasant farmers have revolted against an industry that many see as damaging their land and livelihoods while denying them a fair share of the wealth. Peru is home to 167 social conflicts, most related to mining, according to the national ombudsman s office, whose mission includes defusing hostilities. Nueva Fuerabamba was the centerpiece of one of the most generous mining settlements ever negotiated in Peru. But three years after moving in, many transplants are struggling amid their suburban-style conveniences, Reuters interviews with two dozen residents showed. Many miss their old lives growing potatoes and raising livestock. Some have squandered their cash settlements. Idleness and isolation have dulled the spirits of a people whose ancestors were feared cattle rustlers.  It is like we are trapped in a jail, in a cage where little animals are kept,  said Cipriano Lima, 43, a former farmer. Meanwhile, the mine, known as Las Bambas, has remained a magnet for discontent. Clashes between demonstrators and authorities in 2015 and 2016 left four area men dead. Nueva Fuerabamba residents have blocked copper transport roads to press for more financial help from MMG. The company acknowledged the transition has been difficult for some villagers, but said most have benefited from improved housing, healthcare and education.  Nueva Fuerabamba has experienced significant positive change,  Troy Hey, MMG s executive general manager of stakeholder relations, said in an email to Reuters. MMG said it spent  hundreds of millions  on the relocation effort. Mining is the driver of Peru s economy, which has averaged 5.5 percent annual growth over the past decade. Still, pitched conflicts have derailed billions of dollars worth of investment in recent years, including projects by Newmont Mining Corp and Southern Copper Corp. To defuse opposition, President Pablo Kuczynski has vowed to boost social services in rural highland areas, where nearly half of residents live in poverty. But moving from conflict to cooperation is not easy after centuries of mistrust. Relocations are particularly fraught, according to Camilo Leon, a mining resettlement specialist at the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru. Subsistence farmers have struggled to adapt to the loss of their traditions and the  very urban, very organized  layout of planned towns, Leon said.  It is generally a shock for rural communities,  Leon said. At least six proposed mines have required relocations in Peru in the past decade, Leon said. Later this month, Peru will tender a $2-billion copper project, Michiquillay, which would require moving yet another village. MMG inherited the Nueva Fuerabamba project when it bought Las Bambas from Switzerland s Glencore Plc in 2014 for $7 billion. Under terms of a deal struck in 2009 and reviewed by Reuters, villagers voted to trade their existing homes and farmland for houses in a new community. Heads of each household, about 500 in all, were promised mining jobs. University scholarships would be given to their children. Residents were to receive new land for farming and grazing, albeit in a parcel four hours away by car. Cash was an added sweetener. Villagers say each household got 400,000 soles ($120,000), which amounts to a lifetime s earnings for a minimum-wage worker in Peru. MMG declined to confirm the payments, saying its agreements are confidential. Built into a hillside 15 miles from the Las Bambas mine, Nueva Fuerabamba was the product of extensive community input, MMG said. Amenities include a hospital, soccer fields and a cement bull ring for festivals. But some residents say the deal has not been the windfall they hoped. Their new two-and-three story houses, made of drywall, are drafty and appear flimsy compared to their old thatched-roof adobe cottages heated by wood-fired stoves, some said. Many no longer plant crops or tend livestock because their replacement plots are too far away. Jobs provided by MMG mostly involve maintaining the town because most residents lack the skills to work in a modern mine. Many villagers spent their settlements unwisely, said community president Alfonso Vargas.  Some invested in businesses but others did not. They went drinking,  he said. Now basics like water, food and fuel - once wrested from the land - must be paid for.  Everything is money,  Margot Portilla, 20, said as she cooked rice on a gas stove in her sister-in-law s bright-yellow home.  Before we could make a fire for cooking with cow dung. Now we have to buy gas.  Some residents said they have benefited from the move. The new town is cleaner than the old village, said Betsabe Mendoza, 25. She invested her settlement in a metalworking business in a bigger town. Portilla, the young mom, says her younger sisters are getting a better education than she did. Still, the streets of Nueva Fuerabamba were virtually deserted on a recent weekday. Vargas, the community leader, said many residents have returned to the countryside or sought work elsewhere. Alcoholism, fueled by idle time and settlement money, is on the rise, he said. Some villagers have committed suicide. Over the 12 months through July, four residents killed themselves by taking farming chemicals, according to the provincial district attorney s office. It could not provide data on suicides in the old village of Fuerabamba. MMG, citing an  independent  study done prior to the relocation, said the community previously suffered from high rates of domestic violence, alcoholism, illiteracy and poverty. While the company considers the new town a success, it acknowledged the transition has not been easy for all.  Connection to land, livelihood restoration and simple adaptation to new living conditions remain a challenge,  MMG said. Nueva Fuerabamba residents continue pressuring the company for additional assistance. Demands include more jobs and deeds to their houses, which have yet to be delivered because of bureaucratic delays, said Godofredo Huamani, the community s lawyer. MMG said it stays apace of community needs through town hall meetings and has representatives on hand to field complaints. While villagers fret about the future, many cling to the past. Flora Huamani, 39, a mother of four girls, recalled how women used to get together to weave wool from their own sheep into the embroidered black dresses they wear.  Those were our traditions,  said Huamani from a bench in her walled front yard.  Now our tradition is meeting after meeting after meeting  to discuss the community s problems. Graphic: 'Relocating a village' click tmsnrt.rs/2AwftBU ",1
12800,Tillerson to meet Lebanon's Hariri in Paris on Friday: U.S. State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri in Paris on Friday, the State Department said in a statement on Thursday. The two will meet during a ministerial meeting of the International Lebanon Support Group, a body that includes the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council   Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States. Hariri rescinded his resignation on Tuesday, drawing a line under a month-long crisis triggered when he announced from Riyadh that he was stepping down and remained outside Lebanon for weeks. His coalition government, which includes the Iran-backed Hezbollah group, reaffirmed a state policy of staying out of conflicts in Arab states. The State Department statement said Tillerson would encourage the Lebanese government and other nations to  move more aggressively  in limiting Hezbollah s  destabilizing activity in the region.  ",1
12801,China jails 21 people for 2015 nursing home fire: Xinhua,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China has jailed 21 people for their roles in a deadly fire that killed 39 elderly people at a private nursing home two years ago, state-run Xinhua news agency reported on Friday.  Xinhua said the nursing home in the central Henan province had been illegally extended and flammable materials had been used on the extension.  Fan Huazhi, legal representative for the nursing home, received a prison term of nine years while contractor Feng Chunjie, who did not have the appropriate work certificate, was sentenced to six-and-a-half years in prison. The other defendants, including firefighting officers and managers at the nursing home, received jail terms ranging from two-and-a-half to eight years.  Reuters was unable to reach Fan or Feng for comment.  China has had a history of similar disasters as workers are often poorly trained or ill-equipped to protect themselves from accidents. In January, a fire at another nursing home in northeastern China killed seven people. ",1
12802,"Professors head to courts, threaten strike after Estacio layoffs in Brazil","SAO PAULO (Reuters) - A battle between Brazilian private college operator Estacio Participacoes SA and the country s professors arrived in the courts on Thursday, as unions and students protested against the company s recent move to fire over 1,000 teachers. On Wednesday, newspaper O Estado de Sao Paulo reported that the company was planning to fire 1,200 of its 10,000 professors in December, as many are being paid above-market rates. In response, the CSB, a Brazilian umbrella union, filed a motion in a court in capital Brasilia on Thursday demanding that the layoffs be halted. That motion was quashed by a judge. Estacio declined to comment on the judicial proceedings, but emphasized that Brazilian law requires that it make any staffing cuts within a limited period of the calendar year.  It s important to remember that Brazilian legislation requires that potential layoffs of professors occur only within a very restricted window,  the company said in a statement.  Augusta Raeffray, a lawyer for the CSB, said by telephone that mass layoffs must be negotiated with union, which she said Estacio did not do. She added that the company had already filed paperwork for 230 layoffs in the city of Sao Paulo, almost 100 in Ribeirao Preto and 50 in Belo Horizonte. In Rio de Janeiro, where 33 of 93 Estacio units are located, the citywide teachers  union is planning a Friday protest and students are planning a Monday demonstration, union head Joao Paulo Camara Chaves said in a telephone conversation. The body was also considering a teachers strike during the beginning of lessons next year, he added. The layoffs and subsequent protests at Estacio have raised wider questions about the treatment of academic professionals in Brazil, where professors say salaries and contracts have become more precarious both in the private and public sector, especially as the state tightens its belt.  Some state universities are paying professors  salaries in installments. Other private universities are using an intermittent or hourly pay schedule,  said Jacob Paiva, director of Brazil s nationwide professors union, by phone.  Shares in Estacio fell 2 percent on Thursday to 30.71 reais  ($9.33), their biggest intraday loss in over a week. ($1 = 3.29 reais) ",1
12803,"Argentina's Fernandez charged with treason, arrest sought","BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - A federal judge in Argentina indicted former President Cristina Fernandez for treason and asked for her arrest for allegedly covering up Iran s possible role in the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center that killed 85 people, a court ruling said. As Fernandez is a senator, Congress would first have to vote to strip her of parliamentary immunity for an arrest to occur. The judge, Claudio Bonadio, also indicted and ordered house arrest for Fernandez s Foreign Minister Hector Timerman, the 491-page ruling said. Fernandez called a news conference in Congress to deny wrongdoing and accuse Bonadio and President Mauricio Macri of degrading the judiciary.  It is an invented case about facts that did not exist,  she said, dressed in white. Timerman s lawyer could not immediately be reached for comment. While removing immunity from lawmakers is rare in Argentina, Congress voted on Oct. 25 to do so for Fernandez s former planning minister Julio De Vido and he was arrested the same day. De Vido is accused of fraud and corruption, which he denies. Argentina s legislature has entered a period of judicial recess until March but can be convened for urgent matters.    Fernandez and her allies have been the focus of several high profile cases with arrests and indictments since center-right Mauricio Macri defeated her chosen successor and was elected president in late 2015. Fernandez left office just a few months before the Congress in neighboring Brazil impeached another leftist female leader, Dilma Rousseff for breaking budget laws. The cover-up allegations against Fernandez gained international attention in January 2015, when the prosecutor who initially made them, Alberto Nisman, was found shot dead in the bathroom of his Buenos Aires apartment. An Argentine appeals court a year ago ordered the re-opening of the investigation.  Nisman s death was classified as a suicide, though an official investigating the case has said the shooting appeared to be a homicide. Nisman s body was discovered hours before he was to brief Congress on the bombing of the AMIA center.  GRAINS-FOR-OIL Nisman said Fernandez worked behind the scenes to clear Iran and normalize relations to clinch a grains-for-oil deal with Tehran that was signed in 2013. The agreement created a joint commission to investigate the AMIA bombing that critics said was really a means to absolve Iran. Argentine, Israeli and U.S. officials have long blamed the AMIA attack on Hezbollah guerrillas backed by Iran. Tehran has denied links to the attack.  Earlier on Thursday, two lower level allies of Fernandez were arrested based on the same ruling from judge Bonadio: Carlos Zannini, a legal adviser, and Luis D Elia, the leader of a group of protesters supporting her government.  Zannini s lawyer, Alejandro Baldin, told local media the detention was  arbitrary, illegal and ran over constitutional and individual rights,  after leaving a police station in Rio Gallegos, where Zannini was held. D Elia s lawyer, Adrian Albor, told radio Del Plata that Bonadio had no respect for the law, rights, justice.  They are coming for everyone in the previous government.   Bonadio wrote in his ruling that evidence showed Iran, with the help of Argentine citizens, had appeared to achieve its goal of avoiding being declared a  terrorist  state by Argentina. The crime of treason is punishable by 10 to 25 years in prison, Argentina s maximum sentence. The next step in the case would be an oral trial and sentences can be appealed on first instance, which could be a long process.  Macri s leader in the Senate, Federico Pinedo, said on Twitter that Congress would analyze the request to strip immunity  with sincerity and responsibility.   Macri s coalition performed better than expected in Oct. 22 mid-term elections, gaining seats in Congress, but it is not clear if lawmakers will vote to strip Fernandez s immunity. Fernandez, who governed from 2007 to 2015, finished second to a Macri ally in the Buenos Aires province Senate race but won a seat under Argentina s list system. She was sworn in last week.  She was also indicted in late 2016 on charges she ran a corruption scheme with her public works secretary. Fernandez has admitted there may have been corruption in her government but personally denies wrongdoing. ",1
12804,"Temer, congressional leaders delay Brazil pension vote","BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s President Michel Temer has agreed with congressional leaders to delay a key vote on pension legislation in the lower house until the week of Dec. 18, the speaker of the body, Rodrigo Maia, said on Thursday. The pension overhaul, a cornerstone of Temer s efforts to reduce Brazil s budget deficit, is seen by investors as crucial to boosting the nation s fiscal health. Brazil s currency and benchmark Bovespa stock index slipped on Thursday amid concerns that Temer lacked support to put the measure to a vote. If a vote were further delayed to next year, it could infringe on campaigning for elections due in 2018, a move most investors see as reducing the likelihood that the unpopular measure would be approved. The bill seeks to increase the age at which Brazilians can retire and collect social security. It would also make pension payouts in Brazil - some of the most generous in the world - more modest. Temer has held a flurry of meetings in recent weeks with the heads of allied parties to whip the votes he will need to win the bill s passage and send it to the Senate. Among the carrots he has offered is increasing the size of the budget each legislator is given to spend on social projects in their districts. Congressional leaders have said in recent days that the coalition supporting the bill is more organized than in weeks past. However, the government has not yet been able to secure the 308 votes the measure will need for passage. ",1
12805,Saudi-backed fighters capture coastal area in Yemen from Houthis,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A Western-backed Saudi-led coalition scored its first major gains in Yemen since former President Ali Abdullah Saleh was killed on Monday when local fighters captured an area on the Red Sea coast from Houthi rebels, residents said on Thursday. Saleh, who had made common cause with the Houthis after they captured the capital Sanaa in 2014, switched sides in an announcement last week that plunged the country deeper into turmoil. Residents said southern Yemeni fighters and allied local forces captured al-Khoukha district located some 350 km (220 miles) south-west of Sanaa after heavy fighting over Wednesday night which also involved coalition forces. Houthi forces control Sanaa and much of the rest of the  impoverished country, where three years of war has killed more than 10,000 people and brought it to the verge of famine. Saleh had helped the Houthis win control of Sanaa and much of the north and his decision to abandon them had major implications on the battlefield. The Houthis crushed a pro-Saleh uprising in the capital and shot him dead in an attack on his convoy on December 4. Saleh s body remained at a military hospital in Sanaa while the Houthis - who control the capital - and members of his party sparred over burial plans, sources close to the family said. The sources said the Houthis had demanded that Saleh s body be buried in a family ceremony at his home village of Sanhan, south of Sanaa, while the family was insisting that the Houthis hand over the body without any conditions. The Houthis said they had found stashes of gold and cash at Saleh s residence, which they had over-run and seized before his death on Monday, and confiscated it for the benefit of the state treasury. The group gave no details on the amount and the report could not independently be verified. U.N.-appointed investigators said in 2015 that Saleh was suspected of having corruptly amassed as much as $60 billion, equivalent to Yemen s annual GDP, during his 33 years in office. The U.S. and U.K.-backed Saudi-led coalition has stepped up air strikes on Yemen since Saleh s death as Houthi forces have tightened their grip on the capital. Residents said fighters known as the Southern Resistance, together with other local forces and backed by coalition advisers from the United Arab Emirates, launched attacks on al-Khoukha on Wednesday. At least 25 people from both sides were killed before Yemeni fighters captured the town of al-Khoukha and a small fishing port. A spokesman for the Houthi movement could not immediately be reached for comment. The Houthi-run Saba news agency has reported heavy air strikes by the coalition on Sanaa and in the Saada province in northern Yemen, but made no mention of any ground offensive in al-Khoukha area. Saba reported at least seven members of the same family killed in an air strike on their house in Nihem district outside Sanaa, including three children. It was not possible to independently verify the report.  A Saudi-led coalition air strike on al-Khoukha in March killed at least 22 civilians. When Saleh switched sides he announced he was ready to end a nearly three-year-old war - widely seen as a proxy war between regional rivals Saudi Arabia and Iran - if the Saudi-led coalition agreed to stop attacks on the country. ",1
12806,Rohingya widows find safe haven in Bangladesh camp,"COX S BAZAR (Reuters) - Dawn hues of pink and purple reveal a dusty valley in Bangladesh s southern hills quilted with a dense settlement of red tents home to more than 230 women and children grieving for lost husbands and fathers. They are among more than 625,000 Rohingya Muslims who have fled to Bangladesh since late August, following a crackdown by the Myanmar military in response to attacks on security forces by Rohingya militants.  Roshid Jan, who walked for 10 days with her five children to Bangladesh after soldiers burned their village, wept when she spoke about her missing husband. He was accused of being a member of the Rohingya militants and arrested with four other villagers 11 months ago, she said. She had not seen him or heard about his fate since then.  Aisha Begum, a 19-year-old widow, said her husband was killed by Myanmar soldiers as their band of refugees headed for Bangladesh.   I was sitting there by his body and just crying, crying, crying,  she said.   He was caught and killed with knives. I found his body by the road. It was in three pieces,  she cried, recounting the events that brought her to the camp.  (Click reut.rs/2BHPPax for a photo essay) Most Rohingya are stateless and seen as illegal immigrants by Buddhist-majority Myanmar.  The United Nations and United States have described the military s actions as ethnic cleansing, and rights groups have accused the security forces of atrocities, including rape, arson and killings. Myanmar s government has denied most of the claims, and the army has said its own probe found no evidence of wrongdoing by troops. There are 50 tents and no men in the camp for widows and orphans, the biggest of three sites built with donor funds from Muslim-majority Pakistan in the refugee settlement of Balukhali not far from Bangladesh s resort town of Cox s Bazar. Two makeshift kitchens provide space for cooking in small holes in the ground, a new well is being dug to supplement a water pump, and a big tent serves for prayers.  For those who can t pray, we have learning sessions on Monday and Friday in a special room,  said 20-year-old Suwa Leha, who serves as the camp s unofficial leader. Praying and reading the Muslim holy book, the Koran, was one of two conditions for admittance set by religious and group leaders, Suwa said. The other was that widows and orphans be selected from among the most vulnerable and needy. The camp is marooned amid ponds and streams of dirty water  left by the washing of clothes and dishes. Behind are thousands of dwellings in a vast refugee camp that sprang up during the crisis. Still, the women are relieved to have their own space.  For those with no protection, a camp like this is much safer,  said 22-year-old Rabiya Khatun, who lives there with her son.  No man can enter that easily. Also, the rooms are bigger and we have more chances of receiving some aid.  Women and girls number about 51 percent of the distressed and traumatized Rohingya population in the Cox s Bazar camps, the U.N. Women agency said in October.  Women and children are also at heightened risk of becoming victims of human trafficking, sexual abuse or child and forced marriage,  it added. Women and adolescent girls aged between 13 and 20 arriving from Myanmar typically had two to four children each, it said, with some of them pregnant. No relief agencies officially run the camp for the widows and orphans but aid groups and individuals help out. Rihana Begum lives with her five children in a room that is bare except for a few tomatoes, some religious books and clothes. On a thin mat lies her daughter, ill with fever, but fear of missing food handouts keeps them away from the doctor.    I m afraid to miss aid distribution. I can t afford to miss it,  she said on the day ration cards from the World Food Program were distributed in the camp. This week, Myanmar said it was finalizing terms for a joint working group with Bangladesh to launch the process of safe and voluntary return of the Rohingya refugees within two months. That may not be enough to allay Rihana Begum s fears.  I m so afraid that I will never go back to Myanmar,  she said.  I would rather die here.  ",1
12807,Polish ruling party replaces PM ahead of elections,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s ruling conservatives named in an expected move Finance Minister Mateusz Morawiecki as the country s new prime minister on Thursday as they gear up for a series of elections in the coming years. Morawiecki, who has also been a deputy prime minister, will replace the largely popular Beata Szydlo, marking the midpoint of the parliamentary term and in what is the beginning of an expected broader government reshuffle. Sources told Reuters this week that Morawiecki, 49, was the most likely candidate to replace Szydlo, 54, to prepare the party - led by Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Poland s paramount politician - for elections due in the next three years. Local elections will be held in 2018, parliamentary in 2019 and presidential in 2020. Morawiecki, an ex-banker, is broadly favoured by Kaczynski, while Szydlo lacked the full trust of the party s chairman, analysts say.  It is obvious that Jaroslaw Kaczynski is the leader of this camp and he is the one who distributes the cards regardless of who is the prime minister,  Henryk Domanski, from the Polish Academy of Sciences, said. Dramatic changes in Poland s economic policy are not expected with observers saying Morawiecki will keep strict control over Poland s finances and economy. Local market reaction has been muted this week amid speculation about his new role. But it remains to be seen whether Poland, once a champion of democratic changes after the fall of Communism and now at loggerheads with the European Union over sweeping changes to state institutions, which critics say have subverted democracy and the rule of law, will change its relations with Brussels. Three sources told Reuters on Thursday that Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski may be replaced with Krzysztof Szczerski, a top adviser to President Andrzej Duda, who wants to have a greater say on Poland s foreign policy. The parliament is to vote on a new government at its next session on Tuesday and any ministerial changes are expected to be announced after that. Despite the criticism from abroad, Szydlo s eurosceptic government, in power for two years, was one of the most popular in Poland since the 1989 collapse of communism, largely due to low unemployment, increases in public spending and a focus on traditional Catholic values in public life. Earlier in the day, the lower house of parliament rejected  a vote of no confidence in the government, submitted by the opposition, and the visibly changed Szydlo was awarded with an enthusiastic round applause and flowers from her party.  The last two years - it was an extraordinary time for me and the service to Poland and Poles was an honor,  Szydlo said on Twitter after the decision of her replacement was announced in the evening.   Szydlo and Morawiecki have fought for months for control over the largest state-owned companies. The conflict became public this year during the selection process for the chief executive of PZU, central Europe s biggest insurance company. Analysts say that although the talk of the government reshuffle has been going on for weeks, the replacement of Szydlo, a loyal party member who made few mistakes, is surprising.  The explanation may be that in the eyes of Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Beata Szydlo turned out to be too weak and that the government was seeded by internal conflicts and factional struggles,  Domanski said.  Beata Szydlo was a predictable politician and therefore there were fewer risks associated with her premiership.  ",1
12808,Peru's Kuczynski says graft probe went too far with latest raid,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said on Thursday that authorities leading an expanding graft investigation into Brazilian builder Odebrecht had gone too far by raiding the offices of the rightwing opposition party that rules Congress. The attorney general s office has spent the past year working to identify the recipients of bribes that Odebrecht has admitted paying to secure contracts over a decade-long period in Peru, one of a dozen nations where it has acknowledged crimes. After entangling two former presidents this year, the investigation has gathered steam again in recent weeks, with four executives of local construction companies jailed pending trial and a former mayor named as a suspect. On Thursday, prosecutors investigating Odebrecht s financing of political campaigns searched the offices of the rightwing opposition party Popular Force, prompting party representatives to accuse the attorney general s office of political bias. In a rare gesture of sympathy for a party that often attacks him, Kuczynski called for prosecutors and other state authorities to  respect the rules of the game.   It worries me to read the news about a raid this morning on the Lima offices of the political party that dominates Congress. And I m not saying this to ingratiate myself with Congress. I m saying this because if there isn t respect for due process, we won t be respected internationally,  Kuczynski said in a televised speech at an event with local mayors. Kuczynski s remarks come as Popular Force is preparing legislation to oust Attorney General Pablo Sanchez, who has repeatedly denied political bias and said his office was only working to fight corruption and impunity. Sanchez did not immediately respond to requests for comment.     The raids at the offices of Popular Force were authorized by Judge Richard Concepcion, who earlier this year ordered ex-Presidents Ollanta Humala and Alejandro Toledo to be held in pre-trial detention while prosecutors prepare criminal charges.  This is an affront to the party,  Popular Force Secretary General Jose Chlimper told reporters in front of one of the party s offices as prosecutors worked inside.  They re looking for something that they re not going to find.  Popular Force s leader, twice-defeated presidential candidate Keiko Fujimori, is under investigation for allegedly laundering money for Odebrecht during her 2011 campaign, which she has repeatedly denied. In recent weeks, Popular Force lawmakers have criticized Kuczynski for declining to undergo questioning in Congress after local media reported he worked for Odebrecht as a consultant. Kuczynski has denied the allegations and sent written responses to lawmakers  questions. ",1
12809,Ex-South Carolina cop gets 20 years in prison for black motorist's death,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - The white former policeman caught on video shooting an unarmed black man in the back after a 2015 traffic stop in South Carolina was sentenced on Thursday to 20 years in prison, with a federal judge ruling that the killing amounted to murder. The decision came a year after Michael Slager s state murder trial for the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott ended with a deadlocked jury. Slager, 36, is one of the few police officers in recent years in the United States to receive prison time for an on-duty shooting.  Everyone recognizes that this was a tragedy,  U.S. District Judge David Norton told a Charleston courtroom packed with members of both men s families.  What s just for the Scott family is not necessarily just for the Slager family, and what s just for the Slager family is not necessarily just for the Scott family,  he said.  It s a zero-sum game.  Slager was a patrolman in North Charleston when he pulled over Scott, a father of four, for a broken brake light on April 4, 2015. He said he opened fire because he felt threatened after the motorist tried to take his stun gun during a struggle. Yet he pleaded guilty in May to violating Scott s civil rights by using excessive force, a charge that carried a possible lifetime prison sentence. Slager shot at Scott eight times, hitting him five times. State prosecutors dropped the murder charge in exchange for the federal plea. On Thursday, Slager expressed remorse.  I wish this never would have happened,  said Slager, jailed since his plea and dressed in an inmate s gray and white jumpsuit.  I wish I could go back and change events, but I can t and I am very sorry for that.  A bystander s cellphone video of the shooting drew national attention to the case, renewing concerns about police treatment of minorities. The footage was a centerpiece of the four-day sentence hearing, with both prosecutors and defense lawyers arguing it bolstered their cases. Norton sided with the government, finding that Slager had committed second-degree murder and obstructed justice by lying to investigators about Scott trying to grab his Taser. The judge rejected the defense argument that Slager was provoked or acted in the heat of passion. Scott s relatives and their lawyers said the punishment marked a historic moment for justice. They called on law enforcement to rethink the use of deadly force. Before court ended, several family members told Slager they had forgiven him. But their pain has not diminished.  We will never be the same again,  said Anthony Scott, the motorist s older brother.  How could someone shoot someone in the back like that as they were running away?  ",1
12810,Catalan separatists march in Brussels,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Nearly 50,000 people marched through Brussels  European quarter on Thursday in support of Catalan independence and the region s ousted president, who has avoided arrest in Spain by taking refuge in Belgium.  Before Carles Puigdemont addressed the crowd, many draped in Catalan flags, police estimated its size at 45,000. There were chants of  Puigdemont, President  from a generally good-natured throng, many of whom had traveled from Spain. Some carried placards criticizing the European Union for not pressuring Madrid. One sign showed the face of European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker with the question:  Democracy? Some defend it when it suits them. Shame on them.  Puigdemont, who like many in the crowd wore yellow in support of jailed separatist leaders, addressed the crowd in Catalan before switching to French to direct a message to Juncker.  Is there any place in the world that holds demonstrations like this to support criminals?  he said.  So maybe we are not criminals. Maybe we are democrats.  Spain s Supreme Court on Tuesday withdrew an international arrest warrant for Puigdemont in order to bring his case back solely under Spanish jurisdiction, leaving him without an international legal stage to pursue his independence campaign. Puigdemont and four of his cabinet members fled to Belgium when Madrid imposed direct rule on Catalonia and sacked his government after an Oct. 27 declaration of independence by his local government. He is likely to be detained if he returns to Spain, pending investigation on charges of sedition, rebellion, misuse of public funds, disobedience and breach of trust.  Puigdemont said on Wednesday he would remain in Belgium for the time being.  Brussels is a kind of a loudspeaker for us,  said Gloria Cot, a clerk from Barcelona at Thursday s march who had just arrived by coach.  It is a loudspeaker so that people can know that we really don t have a 100 percent democracy in Spain and that Catalonia has always been subjected to problems with Spain.  Juncker s deputy Frans Timmermans said he welcomed the  very positive atmosphere  of the demonstration, which took place as campaigning gets under way for a Catalan election on Dec. 21. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy hopes pro-independence parties will lose their majority in the Catalan parliament in the election and end the deadlock created by his government s refusal to recognize a banned independence vote Puigdemont held in September. Polls have separatists and unionist parties in a tie. Timmermans said there was no change to Commission policy that the dispute with Catalan authorities remains an internal one in which the EU has no need to intervene because Spain s democratic constitution is functioning in line with EU values. He accused Puigdemont and his allies of undermining the rule of law by choosing to ignore a Spanish constitutional ban on secession rather than trying to change the constitution.  If you do not agree with the law, you can organize yourselves to change the law or the constitution,  he said.  What is not permissible under the rule of law is to just ignore the law.  ",1
12811,Liberian court clears way for presidential run-off vote,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberia s supreme court cleared the way for a presidential run-off election, ruling on Thursday that it had not found enough evidence of fraud to halt the whole process. Ex-soccer star George Weah will now face off against Vice-President Joseph Boakai in a vote that could mark Liberia s first peaceful transition of power in seven decades. The court dismissed a complaint from the third-place finisher Charles Brumskine s Liberty Party, which had said fraud had undermined the first round of voting in October.  In the absence of sufficient evidence, the court cannot order a re-run of the election,  Justice Philip Banks said, reading out the court s decision.  There were over 5,000 polling places, (so) to present evidence of just a few is problematic,  the judge said.  The evidence should have (shown) ... that they were committed in such magnitude that they could have altered the results.  The winner of round two will replace Nobel Peace Prize laureate Ellen Johnson Sirleaf as leader of the small West African country, one of the world s poorest despite abundant diamonds and iron ore.  The delays caused by all the legal wrangling have ratcheted up tensions in a country still recovering from decades of civil war that killed tens of thousands.  However, a spokesman for the Liberty Party said it would accept the result.  If we did not respect the judiciary, we would not have come,  Darius Dillion said.  Liberia has won, our democracy has won.  Liberians are eager for change after Johnson Sirleaf s 12-year rule, which sealed a lasting peace that many doubted was possible, but which has failed to tackle corruption or significantly lift living standards of the country s poorest. Authorities still have to name a date for the run-off. NEC spokesman Henry Flomo told reporters outside the court he believed one could be held in two weeks, but said the date would be announced shortly.  The judges made the ruling with a 4-1 majority. ",1
12812,Libya says pushing to be removed from Trump travel ban list,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya s internationally recognized government has appealed to the United States to drop or ease a travel ban imposed on its citizens by U.S. President Donald Trump, the Foreign Ministry said on Thursday.  The Libyan Foreign Ministry, through its embassy in Washington, has begun to take measures to lift Libya from the list of countries and to ease the restrictions on Libyan citizens,  the ministry said in a statement. Libya is one of six Muslim-majority countries subject to the travel ban. This week the U.S. Supreme Court allowed the ban to take full effect while litigation over its ultimate validity continues. The ban was also discussed at a meeting between Libyan Foreign Minister Mohamed Siyala and U.S Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke on Monday, the statement said. ",1
12813,"Arabs, Europe, U.N. reject Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israeli capital","LONDON (Reuters) - Arabs and Muslims across the Middle East on Wednesday condemned the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital as an incendiary move in a volatile region and Palestinians said Washington was abandoning its leading role as a peace mediator. The European Union and United Nations also voiced alarm at U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem and its repercussions for any chances of reviving Israeli-Palestinian peacemaking. Major U.S. allies came out against Trump s reversal of decades of U.S. and broad international policy on Jerusalem. France rejected the  unilateral  decision while appealing for calm in the region. Britain said the move would not help  peace efforts and Jerusalem should ultimately be shared by Israel and a future Palestinian state. Germany said Jerusalem s status could only be resolved on the basis of a two-state solution. Israel, by contrast, applauded Trump s move. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a pre-recorded video message that it was  an important step towards peace  and it was  our goal from Israel s first day . He added that any peace accord with the Palestinians would have to include Jerusalem as Israel s capital and he urged other countries to follow Trump s example. [L8N1O660O] Trump upended decades of U.S. policy in defiance of warnings from around the world that the gesture risks aggravating conflict in the tinderbox Middle East. The status of Jerusalem is home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian faiths. Its eastern sector was captured by Israel in a 1967 war and annexed in a move not recognized internationally. Palestinians claim East Jerusalem for the capital of an independent state they seek. Israel deems Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital dating to antiquity, and its status is one of the thorniest barriers to a lasting Israeli-Palestinian peace. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, in a pre-recorded speech, said Jerusalem was the  eternal capital of the State of Palestine  and that Trump s move was  tantamount to the United States abdicating its role as a peace mediator.  The last round of U.S.-brokered talks foundered in 2014 over issues including Israeli settlement expansion in the occupied West Bank and Israeli accusations of Palestinian incitement to violence and refusal to recognise it as a Jewish state. The Palestinian Islamist group Hamas, which has dominated Gaza since soon after Israel ended a 38-year occupation in 2005, said Trump had committed a  flagrant aggression against the Palestinian people . Hamas urged Arabs and Muslims to  undermine U.S. interests in the region  and to  shun Israel . Protests broke out in parts of Jordan s capital Amman inhabited by Palestinian refugees, with youths chanting anti-American slogans. In the Baqaa refugee camp on Amman s outskirts, hundreds roamed the streets denouncing Trump and urging Jordan to scrap its 1994 peace treaty with Israel.  Down with America...America is the mother of terror,  they chanted. Angry Palestinians switched off Christmas lights at Jesus  traditional birthplace in the West Bank town of Bethlehem and in Ramallah. A tree adorned with lights outside Bethlehem s Church of the Nativity, where Christians believe Jesus was born, and another in Ramallah, next to the grave of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, were plunged into darkness. All Palestinian factions called for a general strike and protest rallies at midday on Thursday. The Saudi Royal Court issued a statement saying that the kingdom followed  with deep sorrow  Trump s decision and warned of  dangerous consequences of moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem . The statement described the move as   a big step back in efforts to advance the peace process , and urged the U.S. administration to reverse its decision and adhere to international will.  Egypt, which forged the first Arab peace deal with Israel in 1979, brushed off Trump s decision and said it did not change Jerusalem s disputed legal status. Jordan said Trump s action was  legally null  because it consolidated Israel s occupation of East Jerusalem. Lebanese President Michel Aoun said Trump s Jerusalem decision was dangerous and threatened the credibility of the United States as a broker of Middle East peace. He said the move would put back the peace process by decades and threatened regional stability and perhaps global stability. Qatar s foreign minister, Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani, said Trump s undertaking was a  death sentence for all who seek peace  and called it  a dangerous escalation . Turkey said Trump s move was  irresponsible .   We call upon the U.S. Administration to reconsider this faulty decision which may result in highly negative outcomes and to avoid uncalculated steps that will harm the multicultural identity and historical status of Jerusalem,  the Turkish foreign ministry said in a statement. A few hundred protesters gathered outside the U.S. consulate in Istanbul, a Reuters cameraman at the scene said. The protest was largely peaceful, though some of the demonstrators threw coins and other objects at the consulate. Iran  seriously condemns  Trump s move as it violates U.N. resolutions on the Israel-Palestinian conflict, state media reported. Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said earlier in the day that the United States was trying to destabilize the region and start a war to protect Israel s security.  In Southeast Asia, the leaders of Muslim-majority Indonesia and Malaysia denounced Trump s action.  This can rock global security and stability,  Indonesian President Joko Widodo, leader of the world s largest Muslim-majority nation, told a news conference in which he called for the United States to reconsider its decision. British Prime Minister Theresa May disagreed with Trump s embrace of Jerusalem as Israel s capital before a final-status agreement as this was unlikely to help nurture peace in the region, her spokesman said. However, May s spokesman welcomed Trump s stated wish to end the conflict and his acknowledgement that the final status of Jerusalem, including boundaries within the city, must be subject to negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians. French President Emmanuel Macron said he did not support Trump s  unilateral  move.   The status of Jerusalem is a question of international security that concerns the entire international community. The status of Jerusalem must be determined by Israelis and Palestinians in the framework of negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations,  Macron told reporters in Algiers.  France and Europe are attached to a two-state solution - Israel and Palestine - living side by side in peace and security within recognised international borders with Jerusalem the capital of both states,  he said.  For now, I urge for calm and for everyone to be responsible. We must avoid at all costs avoid violence and foster dialogue,  he said. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said there was no alternative to a two-state solution and Jerusalem was a final-status matter only to be settled through direct talks.  I have consistently spoken out against any unilateral measures that would jeopardize the prospect of peace for Israelis and Palestinians,  Guterres said.  I will do everything in my power to support the Israeli and Palestinian leaders to return to meaningful negotiations.  ",1
12814,Ukraine shelves controversial corruption law after donor pressure,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian lawmakers on Thursday shelved a draft law that critics say would have undermined the independence of anti-corruption institutions, which Ukraine s foreign backers this week said were under attack from vested interests. Reformists welcomed the removal of the bill from parliament s agenda as a win at a time when Ukraine s Western-backed corruption fight faces pushback on several fronts. But the victory was swiftly tempered by a separate vote later to dismiss the European Union-backed head of parliament s anti-graft committee Yegor Sobolev. The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank earlier said the authorities must protect the anti-graft bureau known as NABU, following similar warnings from the United States and EU. The criticism helped persuade MPs to drop the law, which would have given parliament the power to dismiss the heads of anti-corruption institutions, lawmaker Mustafa Nayyem said.  They have retreated,  he said in a post on Facebook.  The clear heads of individual politicians, the reaction of the public, the media and personal contacts of many activists in international organizations played an important role in this story.  The United States, EU and Canada have thrown financial and diplomatic support behind the leadership that took power in Kiev after the 2014 Maidan protests ousted the Kremlin-backed President Viktor Yanukovich. But perceived backsliding on reform commitments has delayed billions of dollars in IMF loans and tested the patience of Ukraine s allies even as Kiev pushes for closer EU integration and more foreign investment.  We are deeply concerned by recent events in Ukraine that could roll back progress that has been made in setting up independent institutions to tackle high-level corruption,  IMF chief Christine Lagarde said in a statement. Later on Thursday parliament voted to dismiss Sobolev, a member of the opposition Samopomich faction, which helped the committee drive key reforms through parliament.  The leaders of political forces no longer feel untouchable. They don t feel they are above the law. That is the reason for my dismissal,  Sobolev said. Ukraine s backers are concerned too about actions by prosecutors that they say threaten the independence of NABU, set up after the Maidan protests and which has been at loggerheads with other law enforcement bodies. Lagarde called on Ukrainian authorities and parliament to safeguard the independence of NABU and repeated a call for the creation of an independent anti-corruption court. Parliament s failure to pass legislation to set up such a court has delayed the disbursement of an IMF loan tranche under a $17.5 billion aid-for-reforms program. President Petro Poroshenko urged parliament to speed up the process.   If at the beginning of next week I don t see progress, I ll independently prepare and submit the relevant draft law,  he said in a statement. ",1
12815,Britain says Brexit talks ongoing after calls with Irish and EU's Juncker,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Thursday that talks about moving the Brexit process forward were  ongoing  after Prime Minister Theresa May spoke to Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.  The Prime Minister has this evening spoken with Taoiseach Leo Varadkar and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker in separate telephone calls,  a spokesman for May said.  Discussions about taking forward the Brexit process are ongoing,  he said. ",1
12816,Israel strikes Gaza militant posts after rockets fired at Israel: army,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The Israeli military said on Thursday that an aircraft and a tank had targeted two posts belonging to militants in the Gaza Strip after three rockets were launched at Israel. Sirens sounded in Israel at various locations on a day of heightened tension following demonstrations in the coastal enclave and the occupied West Bank as Palestinians protested at U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement on Wednesday that he was recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Two rockets launched at Israel from the Gaza Strip fell short inside the Palestinian enclave earlier in the evening and a third, fired later, landed in an open area in Israel causing no casualties or damage, an army spokeswoman said. Gaza residents said there were no casualties from the Israeli attack and that two unmanned lookout posts were hit. A Jihadist Salafi group in Gaza called the Al-Tawheed Brigades - which does not heed the call from the enclave s dominant force, Hamas, to desist from firing rockets - claimed responsibility for the launches.   In response to ... projectiles fired at Israel throughout the day ... an IDF tank and an IAF aircraft targeted two military posts in the Gaza Strip. The IDF holds Hamas responsible for the hostile activity perpetrated against Israel from the Gaza Strip,  an army statement said. During the Gaza war in 2014, Israel s Iron Dome rocket interceptor system largely protected the country s heartland from thousands of rocket barrages fired by militants. ",1
12817,White House says it believes Saudi Arabia will open Yemen port,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday it believed that Saudi Arabia would allow a blocked port in Yemen to open after President Donald Trump urged Riyadh to lift a blockade to let humanitarian aid reach the Yemeni people. The Saudi-led military coalition fighting the Iran-aligned armed Houthi movement in Yemen s civil war started blockading ports a month ago after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired toward its capital Riyadh from Yemen. Although the blockade later eased, Yemen s situation remains dire. About 8 million people are on the brink of famine with outbreaks of cholera and diphtheria. Yemen s population of 27 million is almost entirely reliant on imports for food, fuel and medicine.  I believe there are actions that are taking place for a port to open and we ll keep you posted as those details become more available,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. Trump called for Saudi Arabia on Wednesday to  completely allow food, fuel, water, and medicine to reach the Yemeni people , suggesting Washington had run out patience with the blockade that has been condemned by relief organizations.  Progress has not been seen yet, but we hope that advocacy and those strong messages will open up the port from being a partially open port to being a fully open port,  Jamie McGoldrick, United Nations Humanitarian Coordinator in Yemen, told reporters in New York.  McGoldrick said there were 15 ships, carrying mainly food and fuel, waiting to enter the Yemeni ports of Hodeidah and Salif. Around 80 percent of Yemen s food imports arrive through Hodeidah.  They need to come onshore now,  said McGoldrick, speaking via telephone from Sanaa.  There are some boats which are offshore which have been cleared by Riyadh already ... We see no reason why they should not be able to come onshore now.  A Reuters analysis of port and ship tracking data has shown that no fuel shipments have reached Yemen s largest port for a month.  What we have got right now is food trickling in to Yemen through the various ports, but we can t get it to the people without the fuel,  McGoldrick said.  Yemen s humanitarian response needs millions of liters of fuel a month to keep hospital generators running, transport food and to pump water.  ",1
12818,Greece and Turkey trade barbs as Erdogan visits Athens,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece and Turkey squared up over old disputes on Thursday during a state visit to Athens by President Tayyip Erdogan that quickly descended into verbal sparring over a list of historical grievances. Designed to boost relations between the two nations, the first visit of a Turkish president in 65 years quickly turned into a blunt grudge-fest between the NATO allies. The two countries agreed to revive a consultation process for confidence-building measures, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said. By the end of the first day, both sides appeared to pull back from what threatened to be a massive diplomatic flop.  There is a lot more which unites us, from that which divides us, as long as there is will,  Greek President Prokopis Pavlopoulos told a state banquet in Erdogan s honor.  We can live side by side,  Erdogan said in a translation provided by Greek state TV.  Our aim is to build the future differently, with unity, coexistence and solidarity,  he said. Earlier, he and Erdogan turned what was expected to be a staid welcoming ceremony into an unprecedented bout of diplomatic sparring over a host of differences.   The topics vented ranged from discrimination against Muslims in northern Greece to Turkey s military presence in ethnically-split Cyprus, and loose interpretations of an international treaty defining the borders of the two countries. The 1923 Treaty of Lausanne covered a range of issues and defined the borders of modern-day Turkey, and by extension, Greece. Erdogan told Greek media outlets before he even landed that the treaty needed a revision, putting Greeks in a defensive mode. At the noon meeting, Pavlopoulos ruled out any change to the treaty while a stern-looking Erdogan, seated beside him, said there were details in the treaty which required clarity. Though Erdogan focused on religious rights of the Turkish Muslim community in northern Greece, he said there were also problems on  military topics .  The truth, is I m a little confused regarding if what he is putting on the table is to modernize, to update, to comply with the Lausanne Treaty,  Tsipras said at a news conference as Erdogan stood at his side. SHOW-STOPPER The long exchange between Erdogan and the Greek president was the show-stopper, however.   This is the bedrock of our friendship,  said Pavlopoulos, referring to the treaty and pointedly telling his VIP guest he was a Professor of Law.  It has no flaws, it does not need to be reviewed or updated,  he said. Erdogan responded by saying it was a treaty signed 94 years ago and did not apply only to Greece or Turkey but also included countries such as Japan. It was also supposed to protect the Turkish minority in northern Greece, whom Erdogan said were still discriminated against.  You can t find such treatment of my Greek citizens in Turkey,  Erdogan said in a 30-minute, back-and-forth exchange where notes were slipped to both him and Pavlopoulos by ministers.  Erdogan is the first Turkish president to visit Athens since 1952. He is now doing his best to make sure that the next visit will not take place in the next 150 years,  said Wolfango Piccoli, Co-President of Teneo Intelligence. In Northern Greece, Erdogan said, Greece insisted on calling the Turkish community there Muslim rather than using the term  Turkish . There are more than 100,000 of them in the area known as Western Thrace.  They can t accept the word  Turk  being written outside a school,  said Erdogan, who is due to visit the region on Friday. Tsipras told Erdogan he too had sensitivities on religious freedoms. The Greek government, he said, had moved ahead with the reconstruction of a series of mosques around the country.  Yet not once did it cross our mind to hold an Orthodox religious ceremony in Fethiye mosque (in Athens) as wrongly, in my view, is taking place repeatedly in Hagia Sophia,  he said of the imposing structure in Istanbul that was once a church, converted into a mosque and now a museum. There have been readings of the Koran in Hagia Sophia in recent years. The NATO partners teetered on the brink of war in 1974, 1987 and 1996 over long-running disputes on ethnically divided Cyprus, mineral rights in the Aegean Sea and sovereignty over uninhabited islets in that sea.  We allowed your re-entry to NATO,  Erdogan told Pavlopoulos, referring to the departure of Greece from the bloc in 1974 after Turkey s invasion of Cyprus in response to a brief Greek-inspired coup.  It rejoined in 1980.  If it wasn t for us, you wouldn t have been able to (rejoin),  Erdogan said. While relations have improved, many Greeks believe Turkey has territorial aspirations against their country, an issue Erdogan said on at least two occasions was not the case. ",1
12819,EU's Tusk to make Brexit statement early Friday,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk will make a statement on Brexit early on Friday, his office said on Thursday, prompting speculation on the fate of British Prime Minister Theresa May s plans for a deal with Brussels. She was in Brussels about to agree outline divorce terms on Britain s withdrawal on Monday, Dec. 4, when she was interrupted by objections from her Northern Irish allies to a planned wording on the Irish border. Talks have been continuing since then to try to resolve the dispute so that EU leaders will agree at a summit next Friday, Dec. 15, to open talks on future trade. No details were available of Tusk s plans for the morning, when he will brief reporters at 7:50 a.m. (0650 GMT). An EU official noted, however, that he would be departing for a scheduled visit to Hungary at 8:15 a.m.  Earlier, a spokesman for European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said May had an effective deadline of Sunday night if she wants to return to Brussels to seal a deal and hope to have agreement on trade talks next Friday. Tusk s role in the delicate choreography of reaching an accord had been to wait until May strikes a deal on making  sufficient progress  on divorce terms with Juncker s Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier. Tusk would then confirm that he is asking the other 27 EU national leaders to consider draft guidelines on trade negotiations for approval at the summit he will chair. However, Tusk has also warned that time is running out for him to secure the agreement of the other leaders to opening the trade talks on such a tight schedule after May and Barnier reach agreement. Failure, officials say, would push any deal back into the new year, unnerving already worried investors in Britain. Tusk said in October that if London failed to settle divorce terms by the end of this year, the EU would have to reconsider its approach to negotiations intended to limit disruption when Britain leaves the European Union in March 2019. Senior officials have said this week that a more immediate consequence of failing to strike a deal this month could be new pressure on May at home to step down   which in itself could greatly disrupt the negotiating process. ",1
12820,"Italy's 5-Star sheds anti-EU image, calls for reform","ROME (Reuters) - Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement supports the European Union and wants significant law-making powers transferred from governments to the European Parliament, its leader Luigi Di Maio told Reuters. 5-Star, which leads opinion polls ahead of an election to be held by May, is trying to reassure Italy s partners and financial markets that it can be trusted in government, and distance itself from its previously eurosceptic positions.  We are pro-EU and we intend to contribute to creating the future of Europe,  the 31-year-old lower house deputy, who was elected in September as 5-Star s leader and prime minister candidate, said in an interview. He said if 5-Star wins power it will negotiate with Italy s partners to try to set up EU-wide welfare policies to tackle growing poverty and inequality in many countries in the bloc, including Italy, the EU s fourth largest economy.  If it reforms, the EU can be a solution to many of our problems,  Di Maio said, calling for more law-making powers for the European Parliament as the only directly elected EU body. He said 5-Star s stance on Europe and the euro had shifted since 2014, when it lobbied for a referendum to take Italy out of the common currency zone and joined the eurosceptic group of Britain s United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) in the European Parliament. He said the defeat of traditional parties in France and the difficulties in forming stable, majority governments in Germany, Spain and Portugal meant there is no longer the wide EU support for austerity policies that 5-Star has opposed. It has not totally withdrawn the idea of a referendum on the euro, but it now calls it  a last resort  to be employed only if Italy wins no concessions on EU governance from its partners.  We set out with strong opposition to the euro because back then there was too much difference between our positions and the monolithic, pro-austerity position promoted by Germany which dominated in Europe,  he said.  But now things have changed.  5-Star tried this year to leave the UKIP group in the European Parliament to join the pro-Europe Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE), but the switch fell through due to resistance from some ALDE members. Di Maio said that after the next European elections in 2019 5-Star would avoid linking up with any  extremist, populist, xenophobic or old-style leftist movements.  Domestically, 5-Star bases its support on an anti-corruption drive and policies that bridge the traditional left-right divide such as clean energy, tax cuts for small businesses and more public investment in infrastructure and education.  As part of a charm offensive as the election nears, last month Di Maio visited Washington to burnish 5-Star s image with the U.S. administration, and party officials met in Rome with representatives of large international banks and hedge funds. He spoke to Reuters on the sidelines of a conference organized by Italian media website EUnews. 5-Star, which shuns alliances with Italy s traditional parties, leads opinion polls with around 28 percent of the vote, some 3 points ahead of the ruling Democratic Party, but it seems sure to fall well short of a parliamentary majority. Di Maio said 5-Star s plan was to form a minority government and seek support from other parties for its policies on a case-by-case basis. ",1
12821,U.S. Vice President Pence 'unwelcome in Palestine': Fatah official,"GAZA (Reuters) - A senior Palestinian official in President Mahmoud Abbas s ruling Fatah party said on Thursday that U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, due to visit the region later this month,  is unwelcome in Palestine .  In the name of Fatah I say that we will not welcome Trump s deputy in the Palestinian Territories. He asked to meet (Abbas) on the 19th of this month in Bethlehem, such a meeting will not take place,  Jibril Rajoub said. Aides for Abbas were not immediately available for comment. ",1
12822,White House not aware of other nations planning to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday it was not aware of any other country that planned to follow President Donald Trump s lead and recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  I m not aware of any countries that we anticipate that happening at any point soon,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters.  I m not saying that they aren t, but I m not aware of them.  ",1
12823,"Trump recognizes Jerusalem as Israel's capital, reversing longtime U.S. policy","WASHINGTON/JERUSALEM (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday reversed decades of U.S. policy and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, imperiling Middle East peace efforts and upsetting the Arab world and Western allies alike. Trump announced his administration would begin a process of moving the U.S. embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, a step expected to take years and one that his predecessors opted not to take to avoid inflaming tensions. The status of Jerusalem - home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions - is one of the biggest obstacles to reaching a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians.  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hailed Trump s announcement as a  historic landmark,  but other close Western allies of Washington such as Britain and France were critical. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said the United States  abdicated its role as a mediator in peace efforts, and Palestinian secular and Islamist factions called for a general strike and rallies on Thursday to protest. The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over the entire city, believing its status should be resolved in negotiations. No other country has its embassy in Jerusalem.  Trump s decision fulfills a campaign promise and will please Republican conservatives and evangelicals who make up a sizeable portion of his domestic support.   I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel,  Trump said in a speech at the White House.  While previous presidents have made this a major campaign promise, they failed to deliver. Today, I am delivering.    Trump s decision risks further inflaming a region already grappling with conflict in Syria, Iraq and Yemen. Protests broke out in areas of Jordan s capital, Amman, inhabited by Palestinian refugees, and several hundred protesters gathered outside the U.S. consulate in Istanbul. The United States is asking Israel to temper its response to Trump s announcement because Washington expects a backlash and is weighing the potential threat to U.S. facilities and people, according to a State Department document seen by Reuters. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent state of theirs to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally. Netanyahu said any peace deal with Palestinians must include Jerusalem as Israel s capital. That would be a non-starter for Palestinians in any negotiations if it meant the entire city would be under Israeli control. For a graphic on possible Jerusalem U.S. Embassy sites, click tmsnrt.rs/2jIXIoq Abbas on Wednesday called the city  the eternal capital of the state of Palestine.  He said Trump s decision was tantamount to the United States abdicating its peace mediator role. Jordan said Trump s decision was  legally null.   I think it s pretty catastrophic, frankly,  said Hussein Ibish at the Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington, adding that  Trump did not distinguish in any meaningful sense between West Jerusalem and occupied East Jerusalem.  Palestinian Islamist group Hamas accused Trump of a  flagrant aggression against the Palestinian people.  Palestinians switched off Christmas lights at Jesus  traditional birthplace in Bethlehem on Wednesday night to protest Trump s move. Trump has tilted U.S. policy toward Israel since taking office in January.  He cannot expect to side entirely with Israel on the most sensitive and complex issues in the process, and yet expect the Palestinians to see the United States as an honest broker,  said former U.S. Ambassador to Israel Daniel Kurtzer. Pope Francis called for Jerusalem s status quo to be respected. China and Russia expressed concern the move could aggravate Middle East hostilities. A statement from the Saudi Royal Court said the Saudi government had expressed  condemnation and deep regret  about  the move. A spokesman for British Prime Minister Theresa May called the U.S. decision  unhelpful in terms of prospects for peace in the region.  The United Nations Security Council is likely to meet on Friday over Trump s decision, diplomats said on Wednesday. Trump said his move was not intended to tip the scale in favor of Israel and that any deal involving the future of Jerusalem would have to be negotiated by the parties.     He insisted he was not taking a position on  any final status issues, including the specific boundaries of the Israeli sovereignty in Jerusalem, or the resolution of contested borders.    Other key disputes between the two sides include the fate of Palestinian refugees and Jewish settlements built on occupied land. Trump made no mention of settlements. He said he remained committed to the two-state solution if the parties want one. The president called on the region to take his message calmly.  There will of course be disagreement and dissent regarding this announcement but we are confident that ultimately, as we work through these disagreements, we will arrive at a place of greater understanding and cooperation,  Trump said. U.S. Representative Eliot Engel, a pro-Israel Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee who is often critical of Trump s foreign policy, said:  This decision is long overdue and helps correct a decades-long indignity.  Trump acted under a 1995 law that requires the United States to move its embassy to Jerusalem. His predecessors, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama, consistently put off that decision.   Trump ordered a delay to any embassy move from Tel Aviv since the United States does not have an embassy in Jerusalem to move into. A senior administration official said it could take three to four years to build one. The Jerusalem decision has raised doubts about the Trump administration s ability to follow through on a peace effort that Trump s son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, has led for months aimed at reviving long-stalled negotiations. There was no indication Trump asked Netanyahu for anything in return when he notified the Israeli leader of his Jerusalem decision on Tuesday, a person familiar with the matter said. But Aaron David Miller, a former Middle East negotiator for Republican and Democratic administrations, said Trump, who has long touted himself as a master negotiator, might be setting the stage for seeking Israeli concessions later.  This might be the case where Trump applies a little honey now to show the Israelis he s the most pro-Israel president ever, and then applies a little vinegar later,  he said. ",1
12824,"Israeli troops clash with Palestinian protesters in West Bank, Gaza","GAZA (Reuters) - At least 31 people were wounded by Israeli army gunfire and rubber bullets, medics said, in Palestinian protests in the occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip on Thursday after the United States recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital. In the West Bank cities of Hebron and Al-Bireh, thousands of demonstrators rallied with chants of  Jerusalem is the capital of the State of Palestine , witnesses said. Some Palestinians threw stones at soldiers. Eleven protesters was hit by live fire and another 20 by rubber bullets, medics said. A military spokeswoman said soldiers had used  riot-dispersal gear  against hundreds of rock-throwers. In the Gaza Strip, dozens of protesters gathered near the border fence with Israel and threw rocks at soldiers on the other side. Seven protesters were wounded by live fire, one was in a critical condition, the health ministry said.  Four people were wounded by live gunfire in the West Bank and another 20 were hit by rubber bullets, health officials said. An Israeli military spokeswoman had no immediate comment. Palestinian authorities called a general strike in protest at U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement about Jerusalem on Wednesday. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital. Palestinians want the capital of an independent state of theirs to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally.  Member of armed groups including from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas s Fatah faction, appeared at a news conference in Gaza, their faces hidden by masks and called for a resumption of armed resistance in the West Bank.  Abbas traveled to the Jordanian capital, Amman, to meet King Abdullah where he updated him on the latest developments, the Wafa news agency said. ",1
12825,Russia says Pyongyang wants direct talks with Washington: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Thursday that North Korea wants direct talks with the United States to seek guarantees on its security from Washington, Russian news agencies reported. Lavrov said he had passed on Pyongyang s desire for direct talks to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson when the two men met on the sidelines of a conference in Vienna on Thursday, the agencies reported.  We know that North Korea wants above all to talk to the United States about guarantees for its security. We are ready to support that, we are ready to take part in facilitating such negotiations,  Interfax news agency quoted Lavrov as saying.  Our American colleagues, (including) Rex Tillerson, have heard this.   ",1
12826,Moldova ruling party chief says framed by Russia in bogus cases,"KIEV/CHISINAU (Reuters) - The powerful head of Moldova s ruling party Vlad Plahotniuc on Thursday accused Russian authorities of harassing him and other officials with dozens of bogus legal cases, ratcheting up a long-running diplomatic row between the two countries. Plahotniuc was charged in absentia by Russian investigators this week of orchestrating the attempted murder of a banker in London in 2012, according to Russian media outlets.  Without referring to any particular case, Plahotniuc told Reuters that Russian officials had sought to frame him to put him on international law enforcement watch lists. Plahotniuc expects further retaliation after the Moldovan parliament on Thursday passed a law to prevent the dissemination of foreign  fake news,  on Russian-language and other channels. Russian security services are  falsely accusing us of ethnic, political and ideological hatred, murder, theft, virtually anything they could think of,  he said by email through a representative.   They have seen their attempts failing so far, thus, they already went on with tougher and more explicit abuses.  The Russian foreign ministry and general prosecutor s office did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Maria Zakharova, the Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman, at a briefing in November accused the Moldovan government and lawmakers of  some openly anti-Russian actions  and hampering attempts by Moldova s president to foster closer ties.  Nevertheless, Russia is open to long-term development of friendly, partner relations with a neutral Moldova, relations based on long-standing historical ties between our peoples,  she said.   Ex-Soviet Moldova is politically divided between a pro-Western government, which favors closer integration with the European Union, and Russian-backed President Igor Dodon.  Moldova and Russia have been embroiled in a series of spats this year.  The Chisinau government in March accused Russia s security apparatus of seeking to derail a Moldovan probe into a Russian-led money laundering operation by harassing Moldovan officials as they traveled to or through Russia. Plahotniuc said that behavior continued in recent months because of ongoing investigations into the case known locally as the  Russian Laundromat .   Russia s behavior  toward my colleagues and me is an explicit act of blackmail and political harassment.. abusive and illegal behavior, which will not change our commitment to the democratic and European development of Moldova,  he said.  The Moldovan parliament adopted a bill on Thursday aimed at combating foreign propaganda, banning television channels from airing news and analytical programs from countries that have not signed up a European broadcasting agreement, such as Russia.  Nobody is banning any channels from any particular country. This is not a question of banning channels from broadcasting, but about banning specific programs whose purpose is manipulation, propaganda and disinformation,  the author of the bill, MP Serdjiu Sirbu, told parliament. Dodon said he would refuse to sign the bill into law.   Under no circumstances will I sign a bill limiting the broadcasting of Russian TV channels in the republic. This document contradicts all the European norms of freedom of speech, as well as the constitution of Moldova,  he said.  ",1
12827,German SPD backs talks with Merkel after impassioned Europe speech,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) voted on Thursday to hold talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a government after their leader made an impassioned plea for a free hand to work for a social  United States of Europe . The vote clears the way for talks that could resolve the impasse into which Europe s economic powerhouse was plunged after Merkel and the SPD shed support in a September election, greatly complicating the parliamentary arithmetic. Martin Schulz urged reluctant center-left SPD members to be open to Merkel s overtures to renew the coalition that has governed for the past four years, saying the party had a responsibility to revive social democracy in Germany. A new  grand coalition  with the reluctant SPD is Merkel s best hope of extending her 12 years in power after talks with two smaller parties failed, giving the smaller SPD greater leverage in any negotiations.  The question isn t grand coalition or no grand coalition,  he said in a speech to his party s biennial congress,  Nor minority government or fresh elections. No - it s about how we exercise our responsibility, including to the next generation.  Schulz said the party would only recover if it could offer a clear vision of a Germany and a Europe that worked for their citizens, calling for deeper European integration and a  United States of Europe  by 2025.  Europe does not always work for its people, rather too often for the big companies,  he said, outlining a populist vision that goes well beyond Merkel s own openness to limited structural reforms and bureaucratic streamlining. Talks between the two parties are expected to begin in earnest in the new year. A special congress will have to be convened at which party members will vote on whether to support a final agreement, which could fall short of a formal coalition, and could include tolerating a minority government. Stephan Weil, the influential premier of the state of Lower Saxony, said the SPD would want to see its policies reflected in return for supporting any government.  I think the majority of the delegates see themselves as a European party and they expect that Germany becomes a driving force in Europe again,  he said of Schulz s proposals regarding the European Union. Schulz s proposals were received more cautiously by Merkel.  The (EU s) ability to act should be at the forefront now,  she said at a Berlin press conference.  So I will concentrate on more cooperation in defense by 2025 and on other issues,  including employment and innovation. Outside the congress hall, SPD youth activists, many of whom want the party to chart a distinctive course after spending eight of the past 12 years in centrist coalitions, handed out red cards reading  No Grand Coalition .  Merkel leads this country without direction,  said one speaker addressing the conference.  She has no plan for Europe, she leads the country from week to week. We need a strong social democracy in this country.  Schulz, who initially said his party should go into opposition after being punished for participating in the previous grand coalition under Merkel, apologized for his party s disastrous electoral result. Schulz attacked European moves to support big banks while doing little to counter high youth unemployment.  When states can t balance their budgets they face draconian sanctions from Brussels. If we can mobilize billions for bank rescues but have to fight for paltry sums to support jobs for young people, then this is definitely not my Europe.  He struck a tone that was more critical of big companies than French President Emmanuel Macron, who is pushing for deeper euro zone integration and pro-business reforms under a euro zone finance minister.  He took aim at U.S. technology firms Apple, Facebook and Google, saying a strong Europe was needed to make them stick to the rules and protect the rights of workers in a changing economy.  We don t want an app-directed service society but we want digitalization to lead to more individual freedom,  he said to applause, calling for steps to protect the digital economy s self-employed from becoming  self-exploiters . On the issue of immigration, one of the main reasons for the collapse of Merkel s first attempt at a coalition, the SPD opposes a conservative plan to extend a ban on the right to family reunions for some accepted asylum seekers.  There can be no upper limit to the right to protection from war and persecution,  Schulz told delegates, rejecting conservative demands for a ceiling of 200,000 immigrants a year. ",1
12828,Hezbollah urges Palestinian uprising over Trump's Jerusalem decision,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Hezbollah group joined calls on Thursday for a new Palestinian uprising in response to the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. U.S. President Donald Trump s decision amounted to an act of  blatant aggression  against the Arab and Muslim world, the leader of the Shi ite Muslim political and military movement, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, said in a televised speech. Governments across the region and beyond warned that Trump s reversal of decades of American policy on Jerusalem would imperil Middle East peace efforts. Palestinian factions called for a  Day of Rage  on Friday, and Islamist group Hamas urged Palestinians to abandon negotiations and launch a new uprising against Israel.   We support the call for a new Palestinian intifada (uprising) and escalating the resistance,  Nasrallah said.  It is the biggest, most important and gravest response to the American decision.  Nasrallah, who described Trump s move as  a major historical injustice , did not outline any direct actions that Hezbollah would take. He called for a mass protest in Beirut s southern suburbs on Monday.  The people of Palestine stand today at the first line of defense for Jerusalem and its shrines,  he added.     Iran-backed Hezbollah, which Israel views as the biggest threat on its borders, has sent arms to the Palestinian territories before, Nasrallah said last month.  Hezbollah and Israel fought a war in 2006 that killed around 1,200 people in Lebanon, mostly civilians, and 160 Israelis, most of them troops. The two have avoided major confrontation since that month-long battle, though tensions had risen again earlier this year.      Nasrallah asked listeners around the region to confront the U.S. move and stand in solidarity with Palestinians. He appealed to Arab states to cut off any kind of diplomatic ties to Israel, and to summon their U.S. ambassadors in formal protest.  Such steps will certainly make Trump regret (it),  he said.  The status of Jerusalem - home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions - represents one of the biggest obstacles to a peace deal between Israelis and Palestinians. The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over the entire city. Under the U.S.-brokered Oslo accords of 1993, negotiations should decide the city s status. No other country has its embassy in Jerusalem. Hezbollah s parliamentary bloc said earlier that Trump s decision would have  catastrophic repercussions that threaten regional and international security and stability . ",1
12829,Zimbabwe judge frees ousted finance minister on bail,"HARARE (Reuters) - A Zimbabwean judge freed ousted finance minister Ignatius Chombo on bail on Thursday in a ruling that underlined judicial independence just three weeks after the army helped depose Robert Mugabe. Chombo, a senior member of the  G40  faction of the ruling party that was targeted in the military s Nov. 15 intervention, was dragged from his home in the middle of the night and held incommunicado by soldiers at an undisclosed location for a week. During that time he was beaten, according to his lawyer. He was arrested by police on his release and charged with fraud and abuse of office relating to his time as a government minister over a decade ago. The Harare magistrate s court denied him bail. However, High Court judge Edith Mushore condemned that ruling as  littered with mis-directions  and  wading into the muddy court of public opinion  after the massive army-backed protests that helped topple Mugabe after 37 years in power. Chombo, 65, was ordered to be released on $5,000 bail, surrender his passport and the title deeds of his Harare mansion and report to a police station in the capital three times a day. The tone and substance of Mushore s ruling also sent a stern message to the army-backed administration of President Emmerson Mnangagwa about the independence of the courts and the primacy of the law, aspects of public life often ignored by Mugabe. During his detention by the military, Chombo had been denied basic rights enshrined in the constitution such as access to justice and presumption of innocence, Mushore said. In particular, she said Zimbabweans needed to know they  can sleep at night  without the fear of arbitrary detention in secret locations beyond the reach of lawyers or family - a common feature of the police state run by Mugabe.  The public in Zimbabwe needs to know that they have a right to access to justice,  she said. Chombo was one of several G40 figures detained during the military s  Operation Restore Legacy  that was officially launched to remove  criminals  around Mugabe. Most Zimbabweans interpreted this as meaning Mugabe s 52-year-old wife Grace, who was positioning herself as a successor to her 93-year-old husband at the expense of Mnangagwa, who was purged from the ruling party in early November. Chombo s lawyer says he will deny the charges when his trial starts. In a cursory analysis, Mushore characterized the state s case against him as  mere allegation . ",1
12830,Albania woos luxury hotel brands with tax breaks,"TIRANA (Reuters) - Albania is planning to try to lure five-star hotel brands with tax breaks, including scrapping profit and property taxes, to increase its appeal for the higher-end of the tourist trade. With travel and tourism accounting for 8.4 percent of gross domestic product in 2016, rising demand to visit the country between Montenegro and Greece washed by the Adriatic and Ionian Seas is not being met by present facilities and infrastructure. One of Europe s poorest but also most unspoiled countries, Albania has been wooing tourists by encouraging them to  Go Your Own Way , counting on the appeal of adventure tourism. Now, to lure international hotel brands, the government is to pass a law this month to exempt them from profit tax for 10 years, scrap infrastructure tax and property taxes and have them pay a VAT tax of 6 percent for any service on their hotels or resorts. International hotel chains or anyone possessing a franchise from them is welcome provided they invest no less than eight million euros for a four-star hotel and no less than 15 million euros for a five-star hotel, said Elton Orozi, an official at the tourism ministry.  Albania is trying to offer more to tourists who spend more time and money so as to get acquainted with the culture, history and nature,  added Orozi. The incentives will apply to developers only if they do not sell on the units since the government wants to avoid villas being built on the seashore by wealthy Albanians using them as second homes. Building luxury hotels will also depend on whether the investors steer clear of land ownership troubles, which doomed an effort to lure the French Club Med holiday company to Albania more than a decade ago. ",1
12831,German SPD votes for talks with Merkel's conservatives,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Social Democratic Party (SPD) members voted overwhelmingly on Thursday to allow their party s leadership to enter talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a government. The party congress s vote means leaders can discuss options including a renewed  grand coalition , an informal cooperation or a formal agreement to tolerate a conservative minority government by not voting down certain parliamentary motions. ",1
12832,"Erdogan, Putin say U.S. decision on Jerusalem will have negative impact on region: sources","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed in a phone call on Thursday that the U.S. decision on Jerusalem will negatively impact the region s peace and stability, sources in Erdogan s office said.  President Erdogan emphasized that the latest move by the U.S. government would negatively impact the peace and stability in the region. Russian President Putin stated he shared the same views,  the sources said. Earlier on Thursday, Turkish presidential sources said Erdogan and Pope Francis had agreed in a phone call that any attempts to change Jerusalem s status should be avoided, after President Donald Trump on Wednesday reversed decades of U.S. policy and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. ",1
12833,U.N. to assess if either side trying to 'sabotage' Syria talks,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The mediator of U.N.-led Syrian peace talks in Geneva will assess next week whether either side is trying to sabotage the process, he said on Thursday, after President Bashar al-Assad s negotiators said they would turn up five days late.  We shall assess the behavior of both sides, government and opposition, in Geneva,  U.N. envoy Staffan de Mistura said.  And based on that we will then decide how this... can be a building up or not, or a sabotage of Geneva.  If either side were seen to be sabotaging the process it could have  a very bad impact on any other political attempt to have processes elsewhere,  he said. He said the Geneva rounds of talks were the only peace process backed by the U.N. Security Council, although there were many other initiatives being planned. He did not elaborate, but Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is seeking re-election next year, has suggested holding a  Syrian Congress  in the Russian city of Sochi early in 2018. Diplomats see Putin s plan as a bid to draw a line under the war after seven years of fighting and to celebrate Russia s role as the power that tipped the balance of the war and became the key player in the peace process. Opposition negotiator Basma Kodmani told reporters the government side had wasted the chance for a week of direct negotiations, while the opposition was doing all it could.    I think we are showing, through our presence, our behavior, the number of documents we have submitted, the issues we are raising with the U.N., that we are here for a very constructive engagement with the United Nations, and that we have no partner so far to talk to,  she said.   They are physically not here.  The absence of the government delegation, led by chief negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari, has effectively halted a peace process which has made little progress in eight rounds. The latest round began last week with de Mistura hoping to discuss an agenda including constitutional and electoral reform. But Ja afari arrived a day late and left after two days, saying the opposition had  mined the road  to the talks by insisting that Assad could not play any interim role in Syria s political transition. The delegation returned to Damascus to  consult and refresh , but Ja afari initially threatened not to come back, which the opposition said would be  an embarrassment to Russia . De Mistura said on Thursday that Ja afari s delegation had confirmed it would return on Sunday, five days later than expected, for another stretch of talks lasting until Dec. 15. ",1
12834,"Erdogan, Pope say in phone call attempts to change Jerusalem's status should be avoided: Turkish sources","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and Pope Francis agreed in a phone call on Thursday that any attempts to change Jerusalem s status should be avoided, sources in Erdogan s office said.  Emphasising that Jerusalem is sacred to Jews, Christians and Muslims, President Erdogan and Pope Francis stated that any attempt to change the city s status should be avoided,  the sources said. President Donald Trump on Wednesday reversed decades of U.S. policy and recognised Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.  ",1
12835,Army chief says Pakistan should 'revisit' Islamic madrassa schools,"QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistan s army chief on Thursday criticized madrassas that have mushroomed nationwide for mostly teaching only Islamic theology, saying the country needs to  revisit  the religious school concept. Modernizing madrassa education is a thorny issue in Pakistan, a deeply conservative Muslim nation where religious schools are often blamed for radicalization of youngsters but are the only education available to millions of poor children. General Qamar Javed Bajwa s remarks, apparently off-the-cuff during a prepared speech, were a rare example of an army chief criticizing madrassas, which are often built adjacent to mosques and underpin Islamisation efforts by religious hardliners. Bajwa said a madrassa education in Pakistan was inadequate because it did not prepare students for the modern world.  I am not against madrassas, but we have lost the essence of madrassas,  Bajwa told a youth conference in Quetta, the capital of the southwestern province of Baluchistan. Bajwa said he was recently told that 2.5 million students were being taught in madrassas belonging to the Deobandi, a Sunni Muslim sub-sect that shares the beliefs of the strictly orthodox Wahhabi school of Islam on the Arabian Peninsula.  So what will they become: will they become Maulvis (clerics) or they will become terrorists?  Bajwa asked, saying it was impossible to build enough mosques to employ the huge number of madrassa students.  We need to look (at) and revisit the concept of madrassas...We need to give them a worldly education.  Pakistan has over 20,000 registered madrassas, though there are believed to be thousands more unregistered ones. Some are single-room schools with a handful of students studying the Koran. Security services have kept a close eye on madrassas associated with radicalizing youths and feeding recruits to Islamist militant outfits that have killed tens of thousands of people in the South Asian country since 2000. But only a handful of the schools have been shut down, the authorities  hand stayed by fears of a religious backlash. Islamist hardliners hold great sway in Pakistani society, with the capital, Islamabad, paralyzed for nearly three weeks last month by a blockade staged by a newly formed ultra-religious party. Bajwa said poor education was holding back the nation of 207 million people, and especially in madrassas.      Most of them are just teaching theology. So what are their chances? What is their future in this country?  The military last year proposed a plan to deradicalize religious hard-liners by  mainstreaming  some into political parties, a plan initially rejected by the civilian government but which now appears to be taking form. ",1
12836,German voters punish FDP leader for coalition walkout: poll,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German voters are punishing the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) for walking out of three-way coalition talks last month as a poll showed on Thursday support for the party falling and the popularity of its leader Christian Lindner tumbling. The FDP in mid-November quit exploratory talks to form a coalition government with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the environmentalist Greens. Lindner said back then it was better not to govern than to govern the wrong way. Some observers speculated that the FDP had planned the move well in advance to boost its standing among voters from the center-right political spectrum and to show the party puts policy principles before power. But the monthly DeutschlandTrend survey, conducted by Infratest Dimap pollster for ARD public broadcaster, showed that support for the FDP fell 3 percentage points to 9 percent, making it the smallest party in parliament. Merkel s conservatives gained 2 percentage points to 32 percent, the Social Democrats (SPD) were unchanged at 21 percent. The far-right Alternative for Germany stood at 13 percent, followed by the Greens with 11 percent and the Left party with 10 percent. The popularity of FDP leader Lindner plunged 17 percentage points to only 28 percent. Merkel s popularity fell 3 percentage points to 54 percent, her lowest level in the survey since October 2016. The list of Germany s most popular politicians was topped by SPD Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel who shot up 8 percentage points to 65 percent. Greens co-leader Cem Ozdemir came in second with an approval rating of 57 percent. ",1
12837,"Hezbollah urges new Palestinian uprising, escalation of 'resistance'","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The powerful Lebanese group Hezbollah said on Thursday it supported calls for a new Palestinian uprising in response to the U.S. decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and urged support for  resistance  against the move.  We support the call for a new Palestinian intifada (uprising) and escalating the resistance which is the biggest, most important and gravest response to the American decision,  Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, in a televised speech.      ",1
12838,South African police summon author of book critical of Zuma,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The South African author of a book critical of President Jacob Zuma said on Thursday he had been summoned by police, but no reason had been given for the meeting.  The President s Keepers - Those keeping Zuma in power and out of prison  by journalist Jacques Pauw alleges millions of dollars in taxpayers  money flowed into the bank accounts of spies and members of Zuma s government. The president s office has denied the accusations in the book. Pauw confirmed in an interview with eNCA television that his attorney had received a request for him to meet with police on Monday or Tuesday.  We don t know what the meeting is about. Anyway, we are going to cooperate,  Pauw said. South Africa s State Security Agency said last month it had made a criminal complaint against Pauw relating to the contravention of several sections of the Intelligence Services Act. ",1
12839,"Ukraine - biggest obstacle to normal Russia ties, says Tillerson","VIENNA (Reuters) - The United States would  badly  like to lift sanctions against Russia but will not do so until Moscow has pulled its forces out of eastern Ukraine and Crimea, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday, calling that the main obstacle to normal ties. Tillerson is on a visit to Europe during which he has reassured allies with tougher rhetoric against Moscow than that of U.S. President Donald Trump, who has sought better relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Speaking at a meeting of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), also attended by his Russian counterpart, Tillerson said Moscow was to blame for increased violence in eastern Ukraine and that had to stop.  We ve made this clear to Russia from the very beginning, that we must address Ukraine,  Tillerson told a news conference with his Austrian counterpart Sebastian Kurz.  It stands as the single most difficult obstacle to us renormalizing the relationship with Russia, which we badly would like to do.  On Wednesday, Tillerson met NATO foreign ministers and criticized Russia for the mix of state-sponsored computer hacks and Internet disinformation campaigns that NATO allies  intelligence agencies say is targeted at the West. The conflict between Ukrainian forces and Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine has claimed more than 10,000 lives since it erupted in 2014. Russia denies accusations that it fomented the conflict and provided arms and fighters. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told the OSCE conference that  all the responsibility is with Ukraine  as far as violence in the east was concerned. In his speech to the gathering, Tillerson went even further in spelling out Russia s involvement in the conflict and the consequences it faced than he had the day before in Brussels.   We should be clear about the source of this violence,  Tillerson said, referring to increasing ceasefire violations recorded by OSCE monitors in eastern Ukraine.  Russia is arming, leading, training and fighting alongside anti-government forces. We call on Russia and its proxies to end its harassment, intimidation and its attacks on the OSCE Special Monitoring Mission.  While both sides have called for a U.N. peacekeeping force in eastern Ukraine, they disagree on the terms of its deployment, and there was little sign of concrete progress at Thursday s meeting.  We will continue to work with Russia to see if we could not agree a peacekeeping force that could enter Ukraine (and) reduce the violence,  Tillerson told the news conference. He and Lavrov met on the sidelines of the conference, though both ignored reporters  questions when the meeting began. Asked later what commitments he had received at the meeting, Tillerson said:  I m not going to tell you specifically what we get. We get progress, that s what we get. We get dialogue, we get cooperation, we don t have it solved. You don t solve it in one meeting.   In his speech, he referred to the 2015 Minsk ceasefire agreement, brokered in the Belarussian capital by France, Germany, Russia and Ukraine.  In eastern Ukraine, we join our European partners in maintaining sanctions until Russia withdraws its forces from the Donbass (region) and meets its Minsk commitments,  Tillerson said. He also made clear that Washington did not accept Russia s seizure of the Crimean Peninsula from Ukraine in 2014.  We will never accept Russia s occupation and attempted annexation of Crimea. Crimea-related sanctions will remain in place until Russia returns full control of the peninsula to Ukraine,  he said. ",1
12840,Lavrov: U.S. pressure on Russian diplomats and media is unacceptable,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told his U.S. counterpart Rex Tillerson that U.S. pressure on Russian diplomats and media was unacceptable, the Russian Foreign Ministry said on Thursday.  This includes recruitment attempts by the U.S. intelligence services,  the ministry cited Lavrov as saying at a meeting with Tillerson on the sidelines of a conference in Vienna.   ",1
12841,Israeli siren app says rockets fired at Israel near Gaza Strip,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli siren phone application sounded that rockets were fired at Israel at various locations near the Gaza Strip on Thursday but there was no initial confirmation of any hits in Israel, the military said. The siren warning sounded on a day of heightened tensions following protests in the Gaza Strip and the occupied West Bank in which Palestinians protested at U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement on Wednesday that he was recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital city. ",1
12842,"On Trump's Jerusalem move, Merkel says Germany sticking to U.N. resolutions","BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday that Germany would stand by U.N. resolutions on the Israel-Palestinian conflict after U.S. President Donald Trump decided to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.  We re sticking to the relevant U.N. resolutions - they make clear that the status of Jerusalem needs to be negotiated as part of negotiations on a two-state solution for Israel and that s why we want this process to be revived,  she said. On Wednesday Merkel had already said Germany does not support the Trump administration s decision. ",1
12843,"EU steps up pressure on Hungary over Soros university, NGO laws, migration","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union s executive on Thursday stepped up its pressure on the nationalist government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban in Hungary over its treatment of immigrants, non-governmental groups and a prominent university. Orban has been locked in a series of running battles with the EU, where Western states and the Brussels-based executive Commission decry what they see as his authoritarian leanings, the squeezing of the opposition and the free media. In a series of legal announcements, the European Commission said it was taking Budapest to the bloc s top court, the Luxembourg-based European Court of Justice, over its NGO laws as well as a higher education law that targets a university founded by U.S. financier George Soros, a public enemy of Orban.  Brussels, influenced by the Soros Empire, has released a burst of fire on Hungary. The legal procedures are now openly used as tools of political blackmail and exerting pressure,  Orban s Fidesz party said in reaction to the announcements.     Brussels also confirmed it was taking Hungary - along with eastern EU peers Poland and the Czech Republic - to the tribunal over refusing to host asylum-seekers under an EU-wide quota system. The ECJ cases could lead to financial penalties but take months, or years, to conclude. The Commission has also stepped up its legal case against Budapest over Hungary s asylum laws. Separately, European lawmakers were debating on Thursday whether the rule of law and democratic standards in Hungary were under threat more generally, and to an extent that would merit the triggering of an unprecedented EU punishment against Budapest. The so-called Article 7 procedure would shame Orban by denouncing his government as undemocratic and could even lead to the maximum - though practically highly unlikely - sanction of stripping Hungary of its voting rights in the EU. Hungary s case has been the first time the European Parliament has called for the launching the Article 7 mechanism. At the debate in one of parliament s committees, some lawmakers said Orban was making untruthful accusations against the EU and diverging from European values with his brand of  illiberal democracy . Even before the debate, Orban s spokesman Zoltan Kovacs likened it to an amalgamation of a medieval witch hunt and communist-era show trial. The Commission s First Vice-President Frans Timmermans, however, made clear the executive arm did not side with the parliament s broader and at times tougher view of Hungary.  We believe that we are dealing with very specific issues where we have disagreements with the Hungarian government,  Timmermans told a news conference.   The situation in Hungary is not in that sense comparable to the systemic threats to the rule of law which we see in Poland,  he said of Orban s closest EU ally, the eurosceptic, nationalist Polish government of the Law and Justice (PiS) party. In power for two years, PiS has sought to replicate some of ideas Orban has introduced over his seven years in office.  The party s moves on the courts and the media have provoked concern elsewhere in the EU that the biggest ex-communist member in the bloc is backpedalling on democracy and the rule of law.  Warsaw faces its own Article 7 proceedings from the Commission. Warsaw and Budapest, which share a broad world view that often goes against the more liberal one of the western EU states, have each other s back in their battles with the bloc and have vowed to shield one another from any sanctions. ",1
12844,Northern Ireland's DUP says talks with UK government continuing,"BELFAST (Reuters) - Talks between Democratic Unionist Party and the British government to secure a deal on the post-Brexit future of the region s border continued on Thursday, a spokesman for the Northern Ireland party said.  The British government needs to agree a text with both the DUP and Irish government before the European Union will agree to move onto the next phase of Brexit talks.   We have been talking to the government over the last couple of days and that is continuing today,  the DUP spokesman said, saying deputy party leader Nigel Dodds and party Chief Whip Jeffrey Donaldson were involved but that party leader Arlene Foster remained in Northern Ireland.   Ultimately if there is an agreement she will go over,  he said.  Flights can be booked reasonably quickly but there is not an expectation of her going today.   ",1
12845,Pro-Kurdish opposition leader's trial opens in Turkey,"ANKARA (Reuters) - The jailed leader of Turkey s pro-Kurdish opposition was remanded in prison for at least two more months on Thursday at the opening of his trial on terrorism-related charges.  Selahattin Demirtas, the co-leader of the Peoples  Democratic Party (HDP) who has already been in detention more than a year, was not allowed to appear in court for security reasons and refused to take part via video link.  The former human rights lawyer faces up to 142 years in prison in a case closely watched by rights groups and Western governments. The judge ruled he should be kept in detention until the next hearing on Feb 14.  This trial bears all the hallmarks of a theater play. It s clear that this case was brought on orders. We demand an immediate end to this injustice,  HDP quoted one of Demirtas  lawyers as telling the court. The court ruled that Demirtas be kept in jail, in line with the prosecutor s demand. Demirtas was arrested on Nov. 4 last year, one of more than a dozen HDP lawmakers who were detained in a crackdown following last year s attempted coup. A crowd of several hundred gathered to show support for Demirtas in snowy weather outside the court near the capital Ankara. They joined hands and danced around small fires, singing songs in Kurdish.  Demirtas is our honor,  they chanted. Demirtas and other detained HDP members are mostly accused of links to the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group, which has conducted a decades-old insurgency in which 40,000 people have been killed. The group is deemed a terrorist organization by the United States, Turkey and Europe. All of the accused deny the charges. The HDP is the third-largest party in Turkey s parliament. The party s other co-leader, Figen Yuksekdag, also jailed pending trial on terrorism charges, was remanded in custody by an Ankara court on Wednesday. Demirtas is held in a jail in the northwestern city of Edirne. The case was to be held within the city of Ankara itself but was moved to the Sincan prison complex outside the capital, two days before the trial, because of security concerns. European parliamentarians, Western diplomats and rights group representatives attended the session in the small court room with a capacity of 120 people. The HDP said 1,250 lawyers sought to defend Demirtas. The HDP said in a statement the indictment largely consists of press releases and speeches Demirtas has made at conferences, panels and similar legal and political activities. The charges aimed at Demirtas included  establishing a terrorist organization ,  spreading terror group propaganda  and  praising crimes and criminals . Authorities banned protests across Ankara province for the three days until Friday for security reasons after the HDP called for protests to mark the hearing of Demirtas and other party officials, the governor s office said in a statement. About 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended and roughly 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial since last year s failed coup. Rights groups and some Western allies say Erdogan has used the putsch as an excuse to quash dissent. The HDP says as many as 5,000 of its members have been detained. Erdogan says such measures were necessary given the danger represented by the putsch in which 250 people were killed. ",1
12846,"Al Qaeda condemns Trump's Jerusalem move, calls for action","DUBAI (Reuters) - Islamist militant group Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has condemned the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and called on militants to close ranks to support Palestinians. U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday reversed decades of U.S. policy and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. In the statement carried by the U.S. SITE monitoring group, the Yemen-based AQAP said Trump s decision was the result of what it said were  normalization steps  between some Gulf Arab countries and Israel.  It is also a clear challenge to the Muslim world that sees the centrality of the Palestinian cause,  the group said.  In the face of this serious events, we stand by our people in Palestine and support them with all we possess.  Addressing Islamist militants, the group called on them to close ranks to be ready to support Palestinians and urged Muslims to help with money and weapons.  If you do not move, God forbid, then tomorrow the holiest of places and the Muslims  Qiblah, Mecca, will be sold and you will find then no one to defend it,  it said. The AQAP, which was formed in 2009 by the merger of al Qaeda s Saudi and Yemeni branches, is regarded by the United States as one of the most dangerous groups of the network founded by Osama bin Laden.  The United States has repeatedly carried out drone strikes on members and leaders of the group, which makes remote areas in southern Yemen as its main base.  ",1
12847,Australia celebrates 'day for love' as it allows same-sex marriage,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia became the 26th nation to legalise same-sex marriage on Thursday, prompting cheers and singing from a packed parliament public gallery in a country where some states ruled homosexual acts to be illegal until just 20 years ago. Lawmakers, who had cast aside a conservative push to allow religious objectors to refuse service to same-sex couples, waved rainbow flags and embraced on the floor of the chamber, after the overwhelming vote in favour of the bill. Fewer than five of 150 MPs voted against it.  What a day. What a day for love, for equality, for respect,  said Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.  It is time for more marriages.  The law, which will also recognise same-sex marriages solemnised in foreign countries, takes effect from Saturday. Because a month s notice is required for the state to recognise a marriage, the first legal same-sex unions will be in January. Five-time Olympic gold-medal winner, the swimmer Ian Thorpe, who came out in 2014, said the law reflected contemporary Australia and would support people identifying as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transsexual queer or intersex (LGBTQI).   It will give each of us the sense of what modern Australia is, and is, in fact, the way that most of us see this country as being, and will allow LGBTQI people in our nation to know that fairness is one of our values,  he told reporters in Canberra. Australians had overwhelmingly endorsed legalising same-sex marriage in a postal survey.  What a moment for the country,  said Christine Forster, a Sydney councillor and the sister of former Prime Minister Tony Abbott, standing among throngs of rainbow-clad campaigners for a  Yes  vote, outside parliament with her female partner. She said she planned to go to her brother s house to celebrate. Abbott, who is still a member of parliament, was one of the most prominent  no  campaigners. He left the chamber before the vote. The bill cleared the upper house last month. During the debate in the lower house on Monday, a politician proposed to his same-sex partner. Both Turnbull s Liberal-National coalition government and the main opposition Labor Party had said they wanted to pass it by Dec. 7. But despite the support of the main parties, religious organisations and conservative lawmakers had voiced strong opposition and proposed dozens of amendments. During the debate, they pressed for broad protections for religious objectors, among them florists and bankers, to refuse service to same-sex couples. But their efforts were rejected.  These amendments, rather, are a shield for people and organisations that hold to a traditional view of marriage. They are not a sword to be wielded in the service of bigotry,  government MP Andrew Hastie said in parliament. Amendments to permit lay celebrants to decline to solemnise same-sex marriages and businesses opposed to the unions to refuse service at wedding receptions were all defeated, one after the other, during three days of debate.  Love has won, and it s time to pop the bubbly,  Greens MP and same-sex marriage supporter Adam Bandt said.  ",1
12848,"Lebanon emerges from crisis with Iran on top, but risks remain","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s allies in Lebanon have emerged even stronger from a crisis triggered by Saudi Arabia, which achieved little more than to force the Saudis  main Lebanese ally - Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri - closer to Tehran s friends in Beirut.    Saudi Arabia aimed to hurt Iran in Lebanon by forcing Hariri s resignation on Nov. 4 and torpedoing his coalition deal with the Iranian-backed Hezbollah and its allies, using its influence over the Sunni leader to cause trouble for the Shi ite group. Instead, the move backfired as Western states censured Riyadh over a step they feared would destabilize Lebanon, despite their shared concerns over the regional role of the heavily armed Hezbollah. Hariri revoked his resignation on Tuesday, drawing a line under the crisis caused by his announcement from Riyadh. Lebanese officials say he was put under house arrest before French intervention led to his return home. Riyadh and Hariri deny this. But while the crisis has abated, its causes - Hezbollah s growing military influence in the region and Saudi Arabia s determination to counter Iran - seem likely to bring more trouble Lebanon s way sooner or later. Hariri has identified possible Gulf Arab sanctions as a major risk to the Lebanese economy. Analysts also see a risk of another war with Hezbollah s old foe, Israel, which is alarmed by the group s strength in Lebanon and Syria. The episode also leaves big questions over Lebanese politics, long influenced by Saudi Arabia, a patron of the Lebanese Sunni community. One senior Lebanese politician said the experience had  left a big scar  on Hariri, once the  the spiritual son of Saudi Arabia .  After this, it will not be easy to have a normal relationship again.  Meeting on Tuesday for the first time since the resignation, Hariri s government indirectly acknowledged Saudi concerns over Hezbollah s role outside Lebanon. At Hariri s behest, it reaffirmed its policy of staying out of Arab conflicts. A top Lebanese official said Western pressure forced Saudi Arabia to retreat from its Lebanon plan but further Saudi moves could not be ruled out:  Can we restrain Saudi from going toward madness? In my view, no.  A Western diplomat said Saudi measures targeting the Lebanese economy were  a genuine possibility  at some point though the international community would likely try to influence how tough any sanctions would be.   I think the Saudis have understood from the international reaction that Lebanon isn t a pitch on which they are playing alone. There are other players who have interests who don t want to see those undermined,  the diplomat said.  At the same time, the international community s patience isn t unlimited. It will be hard to protect Lebanon indefinitely if there is no tangible progress on rolling back Hezbollah.  Hezbollah was the only group allowed to keep its weapons at the end of Lebanon s 1975-90 civil war to fight Israeli forces occupying southern Lebanon. Its militia has been a source of controversy in Lebanon since the Israeli withdrawal of 2000. With Saudi backing, Hariri led a Lebanese political alliance to confront the group, but that resulted in Hezbollah s takeover of Beirut in 2008 during a brief civil war. Hezbollah s stature has grown in the chaos that swept the Arab world after 2011. It has backed President Bashar al-Assad in Syria and helped in the war against Islamic State in Iraq.     But its role in the Yemen conflict is seen as the main factor behind the crisis in Lebanon. Saudi Arabia accuses Iran and Hezbollah of military support for the Iranian-allied Houthis in their war with a Saudi-led coalition. Hariri has repeatedly flagged Yemen as the cause of the latest crisis, and warned that Lebanon s economy is at stake. The economy depends on remittances from expat workers, particularly in the Gulf. Any threat to inflows is seen as a risk to the system that finances the heavily indebted state. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah has appeared to recalibrate his rhetoric in response to the crisis. Last month, he denied his group was fighting in Yemen, or sending weapons to the Houthis, or firing rockets at Saudi Arabia from Yemeni territory. He also indicated Hezbollah could pull its fighters from Iraq. The remarks on the eve of Hariri s return were seen as  appeasing , a source close to Hariri said. Hariri has twice led coalition governments including Hezbollah despite his enmity toward the group: five Hezbollah members have been charged by a U.N.-backed tribunal with the 2005 assassination of his father, Rafik al-Hariri. Hezbollah denies any involvement. Hariri s willingness to compromise with Hezbollah was a factor behind the Saudi move against him and has drawn criticism from within the Sunni community. His status as Lebanon s most influential Sunni will be put to the test in parliamentary elections next year. Ashraf Rifi, a hawkish Sunni politician, said the way Hariri reversed his resignation was a  farce  and a  surrender to the Hezbollah project . The senior politician, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Hezbollah may offer Hariri a  gesture  over its regional role but saw little prospect of the group fundamentally changing course. President Michel Aoun, a political ally of Hezbollah, could pressure the group  a little bit to be cooler on certain issues , the politician said. But Lebanese in Saudi Arabia still had reason to be afraid for their livelihoods:  I think with time the Lebanese will try to disentangle themselves from Saudi Arabia, but this will cost Lebanon a lot because revenues will be reduced.  The Hariri crisis marked an unprecedented intervention in Lebanon, even in a country with a long history of foreign meddling. It also underlined the different priorities of Saudi Arabia and its Western allies in Lebanon - a major recipient of aid to help it host 1.5 million Syrian refugees. On the last day of Hariri s stay in Saudi Arabia, Saudi Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman summoned him for a meeting and kept him waiting for hours, delaying his departure for France where President Emanuel Macron was waiting for him, the senior politician and a top Lebanese official said.  Macron was calling Saad to find out where he was,  said the senior politician, adding that Macron then called Crown Prince Mohammad to tell him he was expecting Hariri for lunch. Western states want stability in Lebanon, the politician said.  They need Lebanon as a platform for observing the Arab world. They have invested a lot here, and if there is a civil war, (there is the question of) what to do with all the Syrian refugees.  ",1
12849,Rohingya refugees still fleeing from Myanmar to Bangladesh: UNHCR,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Rohingya refugees continue to flee Myanmar for Bangladesh even though both countries set up a timetable last month to allow them to start to return home, the U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR)said on Thursday. The number of refugees appears to have slowed. 625,000 have arrived since Aug. 25. 30,000 came last month and around 1,500 arrived last week, UNHCR said  The refugee emergency in Bangladesh is the fastest-growing refugee crisis in the world,  said deputy high commissioner Kelly Clements.  Conditions in Myanmar s Rakhaine state are not in place to enable a safe and sustainable return ... refugees are still fleeing.   Most have little or nothing to go back to. Their homes and villages have been destroyed. Deep divisions between communities remain unaddressed and human access is inadequate,  she said. Bangladesh and Myanmar agreed on Nov. 23 to start the return of Rohingya within two months. It did not say when the process would be complete. Myanmar s security forces may be guilty of genocide against the Rohingya Muslim minority, according to the top U.N. human rights official this week. Mainly Buddhist Myanmar denies the Muslim Rohingya are its citizens and considers them foreigners. UNHCR would make a fresh appeal to donors for funds after the end of February in next year, Kelly said. ",1
12850,'This is not a life': migrants stranded on Greek island,"LESBOS, Greece (Reuters) - Syrian migrant Bashar Wakaa and his heavily pregnant wife are days away from the birth of their third child, stranded on the Greek island of Lesbos in a muddy, garbage-strewn olive grove with no running water or toilets. Nearby, three Syrian men share a flimsy tent designed for two. Like the expectant couple, they arrived by rubber dinghy from Turkey only to find the island s migrant camp in a disused military base was severely overcrowded.  This is not a life for humans,  said 23-year-old Anas Bakour, one of the men who shares the rain-sodden tent.  The animals have a better life.  The hundreds sleeping in the woods are among more than 8,500 asylum-seekers stuck on Lesbos, where facilities for migrants were only designed to accommodate about 3,000. Thousands more are on four other Greek islands close to Turkey. A deal between the European Union and Turkey struck in 2016 stemmed the uncontrolled exodus of nearly a million people across the Aegean Sea the year before. Under the agreement, anyone crossing to Greece from Turkey who does not qualify for asylum must be deported. Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras discussed cooperation on migration with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, who arrived in Athens on Thursday for the first visit to the country by a Turkish head of state since 1952. Though arrivals collapsed in 2016 following the deal, they have recently ticked up. In the four months to November, 15,800 asylum-seekers arrived on Greek islands, up 27 percent from last year, according to data from the U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR). The data does not give monthly arrivals by country of origin but a UNHCR spokesman in Greece said most were Syrians, Iraqis and Afghans, as has been the case throughout the crisis. Aid groups and experts on Europe s migration crisis say the main problem is a lack of political will to improve conditions on the Greek islands, in the hope of dissuading more migrants from risking the sea crossing. ""No one will admit it but it's a discouraging factor, a discouraging message for anyone who may want to come,"" said Konstantinos Filis, research director at Greece's Institute for International Relations. (For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2AABfSV) Aid workers say there is now an acute shortage of medical care, the conditions are horrendous and more and more depressed asylum-seekers are cutting themselves or attempting suicide. Camp residents say gangs, some armed with knives, roam at night, drugs and alcohol circulate freely and women cower in their shelters for fear of attack.  Any girl in this camp expects at any moment that she will be attacked,  said Shahed Naji, 22, an Iraqi woman. The EU-Turkey deal does not explicitly forbid asylum-seekers from leaving the islands until claims are assessed but the process takes months and stranded asylum-seekers grow desperate and frustrated, said charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF).  People need to get off the island as soon as possible,  said Aria Danika, MSF s field coordinator in Lesbos. Turkish officials said the increase in crossings to the Greek islands in recent months did not reflect any slippage on their part in implementing its agreement with the EU. Some camp residents on Lesbos said they were not aware of the deal blocking their journey onwards to northern Europe. Others said they left Turkey because they could not find work and found life unbearable.  No one puts his life in danger to come by small boat if Turkey is good and he can live there,  said Amal Adwan, a Palestinian born in Syria now on Lesbos. Adwan, who made seven attempted sea crossings before reaching Lesbos, said she might have had second thoughts if she had know what the conditions were like.  If I knew before, maybe I wouldn t have come,  she said. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi told Reuters there was  a certain general resistance to moving people from the islands, not to create a pull factor . Greece s migration ministry, which manages the Lesbos camp, has said it is trying to ease overcrowding but could not remove people in large numbers because of the EU-Turkey pact. It declined to give an immediate comment on conditions on Lesbos and other islands. Ahead of Erdogan s visit, Prime Minister Tsipras told a Turkish news agency on Wednesday that the EU-Turkey deal was  difficult but necessary . The European Commission, which has offered Greece millions in emergency aid, said on Thursday it was working on a daily basis with the Greek authorities to try to improve the conditions on the islands but more needed to be done.  I have earlier, also in Athens, expressed my frustration over the fact that although we have put so much money at the disposal of all the authorities, that still the situation on some of the islands is unacceptable,  the Commission s First Vice-President Frans Timmermans told reporters. On Lesbos, the once-welcoming community is fed up. On Saturday, residents used cars to try to block a ferry from unloading containers intended to house more refugees.   The island s mayor, Spyros Galinos, said EU policies had turned the island into  an open prison  and called for protests and strikes against the deal.   Sitting in his office overlooking the port, he compared Lesbos to a weightlifter being asked to lift heavier and heavier barbells:  Today, we re buckling. When we get crushed the situation will be completely unmanageable and explosive.    Back in the olive grove, Wakaa and his pregnant wife are despondent.  If they can t accommodate these people then why are they accepting them in the first place?  Wakaa asked.  Let them drown in the sea. At least they will die and rest.  (For photo essay from Lesbos: reut.rs/2AYs5Ci) ",1
12851,Russia's Olympic ban strengthens Putin's re-election hand,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Opinion polls show Vladimir Putin is already a shoo-in to win a fourth presidential term. But a ban on Russia taking part in the Winter Olympics is likely to make support for him even stronger, by uniting voters around his message: The world is against us. Putin announced on Wednesday that he would run for re-election in March s presidential vote, setting the stage for him to extend his dominance of Russia s political landscape into a third decade. With ties between the Kremlin and the West at their lowest point for years, the International Olympic Committee s decision to bar Russia from the 2018 Pyeongchang Games over doping is seen in Moscow as a humiliating and politically tinged act. Putin, echoing his familiar refrain that his country is facing a treacherous Western campaign to hold it back, said he had  no doubt  that the IOC s decision was  absolutely orchestrated and politically-motivated .  Russia will continue moving forwards, and nobody will ever be able to stop this forward movement,  Putin said. Konstantin Kosachyov, head of the upper house of parliament s foreign affairs committee, had been among the first to cast the move as part of a Western plot against Russia, which sees sport as a barometer of geopolitical influence.  They are targeting our national honor ... our reputation ... and our interests. They (the West) bought out the traitors ... and orchestrated media hysteria,  Kosachyov wrote on social media. The IOC ruling is also seen by many in Russia as a personal affront to Putin, who was re-elected president in 2012 after  spending four years as prime minister because the constitution barred him from a third consecutive term as head of state.  The sport-loving leader cast his hosting of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics, at which the IOC says there was  unprecedented systematic manipulation  of the anti-doping system, as a symbol of Russia s success under his rule. But Putin has often extracted political benefit from crises, and turned international setbacks into domestic triumphs, by accusing the West of gunning for Russia and using this to inspire Russians to unite.  Outside pressure on Russia, understood as politically motivated and orchestrated from the U.S., leads to more national cohesion,  Dmitri Trenin, director of the Carnegie Moscow Center, said on Wednesday.  Various sanctions are being turned into instruments of nation-building.  Putin s popularity, supported by state television, is already high. Opinion polls regularly give him an approval rating of around 80 percent.  But casting the IOC ban as a Western plot to hurt Russia, something he did when Russian athletes were banned from last year s Summer Olympics in Rio over doping, could help him mobilize the electorate. Public anger over the IOC move could help Putin overcome signs of voter apathy and ensure a high turnout which, in the tightly controlled limits of the Russian political system, is seen as conferring legitimacy. There were early signs that fury over the IOC s decision was duly stirring patriotic fervor.  Russia is a superpower,  Alexander Kudrashov, a member of the Russian Military Historical Society, told Reuters on Moscow s Red Square after the IOC ruling. Without Russia, he said, the Olympics would not be valid.  He linked the decision to a Western anti-Russian campaign which many Russians believe took hold after Russia annexed the Crimea peninsula from Ukraine in 2014.    Choosing between the people in Crimea, who wept when the Russian flag was run up and who were doomed to genocide, and  sportspeople taking first place on the podium, I choose the people who couldn t defend themselves,  Kudrashov said.    Blaming the West is an approach the Kremlin has often used before when faced with international allegations of wrongdoing   over Crimea s annexation, the shooting down of a Malaysian passenger plane over Ukraine in July 2014 and charges of meddling in eastern Ukraine, where pro-Russian separatists  rebelled against rule from Kiev after Crimea was annexed. The tactic taps into Russians  patriotism and makes Putin almost bullet-proof when it comes to scandal. The 65-year-old former KGB agent is regarded by many voters as a tsar-like father-of-the-nation figure who has brought their country back from the brink of collapse.  When at the start of the year it seemed there was a window to repair relations with the West after the election of U.S. President Donald Trump, who said he wanted better ties, the narrative of Russia versus the world was muted.  But when it became clear that U.S. allegations of Russian meddling in Trump s election precluded any rapprochement, Putin doubled down on the narrative. In October, he launched a stinging critique of U.S. policy, listing what he called the biggest betrayals in U.S.-Russia relations.  Sources close to the Russian government say the IOC ban, along with continued Western sanctions over Ukraine and the prospect of new sanctions, will help the authorities rally voters around the banner of national unity which Putin embodies.  Outside pressure just makes us stronger,  said one such source who declined to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media. Maria Zakharova, a spokeswoman for the Foreign Ministry, set the tone on social media in comments that found ready support from many Russians.  What haven t we been forced to suffer from our  partners  in the course of our history,  she wrote.  But they just can t bring us down. Not via a world war, the collapse of the Soviet Union or sanctions ... We soak it up and survive.  ",1
12852,Moscow says Russian Olympic ban designed to sour pre-election mood,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday that a decision by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) this week to ban the Russian team from next year s Winter Olympics had been deliberately taken to sour the pre-election mood. Medvedev was referring to a March presidential election in which incumbent Vladimir Putin is standing for re-election.  This is politics,  said Medvedev, in comments broadcast on state television.   The decision was made in the run-up to the presidential elections in our country, aiming to create a certain mood in our society. Abroad, they understand very well the importance attached in our country to high achievement in sports. For  millions of our people, the decision was a heavy blow.  Medvedev, addressing the government, said that allegations that Russia had run a state-sponsored doping program were  an outright lie.  Medvedev s comments came a month after Putin suggested that doping bans against some Russian athletes who competed at the 2014 Sochi Games were an attempt to sow discontent ahead of next year s presidential elections. The IOC on Tuesday banned Russia from the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics after evidence emerged of  unprecedented systematic manipulation  of the anti-doping system but left the door open for some Russians to compete as neutrals if they demonstrate they have a doping-free background. Putin said on Wednesday that Russia would not prevent its athletes from competing in Pyeongchang as neutrals, damping down calls from some Russians to boycott the Games. Russia is expected to make a final decision on its stance regarding the IOC ban at a meeting of Russian Olympic authorities next week. In the weeks ahead of the decision, the IOC banned more than 20 Russian athletes for life from the Olympics as a result of an investigation into the alleged tampering of Russian athletes  positive tests by laboratory and security officials at the 2014 Sochi Games. Russian authorities have never acknowledged the state s alleged role in the scandal but have pledged to work with international sports bodies to help curb the use of performance-enhancing drugs in the country.  Russia s athletics federation, Paralympic Committee and national anti-doping agency RUSADA remain suspended over doping scandals. ",1
12853,Neapolitan pizza making wins world heritage status,"JEJU, South Korea (Reuters) - The art of Neapolitan pizza making won world heritage status on Thursday, joining a horse-riding game from Iran and Dutch wind mills on UNESCO s culture list. UNESCO accepted the art of Neapolitan  pizzaiuoli,  or pizza makers, on the world body s list of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.  Congratulations #Italy!  it said in a tweet after a meeting in Jeju, South Korea where the decision was made. Italy argued the practice of the  pizzaiuoli  - preparing and flipping the dough, topping it and baking it in a wood-fired oven - was part of the country s cultural and gastronomic tradition. In Rome, pizzeria owner Romano Fiore celebrated the decision.  I am honored, like all Italians and Neapolitans are...pizza has centuries of history,  he said.  Archetypal Neapolitan pizza has a relatively thin crust with the exception of the rim, which, when baked, bloats like a tiny bicycle tire. It is made in a wood-burning brick oven and has two classic versions: Marinara (tomato, garlic, oregano and oil) and, the most famous, Margherita (tomato, mozzarella, oil and basil), giving it the red, white and green colors of the Italian flag. Tradition holds that the Margherita pizza was created in 1889 by a local chef in honor of Queen Margherita, who was visiting Naples, south of Rome on Italy s Tyrrhenian coast.  As pizza has become a favorite dish around the world, foreign innovations in toppings have often left Italians perplexed and aghast.  Matteo Martino, a customer at Fiore s pizzeria, said before the expected announcement,  I think, and I hope, that this could be the chance to make foreigners understand how pizza is made, without Nutella or pineapple.  UNESCO also accepted Chogan, an Iranian horse-riding game accompanied by music and storytelling, and the craft of millers operating windmills and watermills in the Netherlands. Traditional boat making on the Indonesian island of South Sulawesi, and Nsima, a maize-based culinary tradition from the African country of Malawi, also joined the list. Food culture already on the UNESCO list includes Turkish coffee culture and tradition, the gingerbread craft of northern Croatia and the traditional ancient Georgian method of Qvevri wine-making. ",1
12854,Turkey's Erdogan says U.S. Jerusalem decision tramples on law,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday that U.S. President Donald Trump s  unfortunate  decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel was  trampling on international laws . Erdogan speaking in Athens after talks with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, also said Turkey wanted to see a lasting solution on the island of Cyprus, but said Greek Cypriots were avoiding talks. ",1
12855,Thai court issues arrest warrants over arms cache,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - A Thai court issued arrest warrants against five people on Thursday over the discovery of a cache of weapons, including figures with links to the  Red Shirt  followers of former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra. Police said they found the cache in a swamp south of Bangkok and believed the weapons were hidden during the instability that led up to a coup in 2014. Among those named in the arrest warrants was exiled dissident Jakrapob Penkair, 50, who served as Thaksin s spokesman from 2003 to 2005 and then as a minister in a later government backed by Thaksin. Police said another of the five, retired Lieutenant General Manas Paolik, 68, had given himself up. He had served as commander for Thailand s Third Army under Thaksin,  He faces charges including illegal procession of weapons and ammunition as well as organized crime, said police colonel Suwat Sangnoom, deputy head of the Crime Suppression Division. Thailand s longstanding political divide is between a populist movement led by Thaksin, who was overthrown in 2006, and the  Yellow Shirt  supporters of a conservative Bangkok-based establishment. The army seized power in 2014 in the name of ending street protests against Thaksin s sister, Yingluck, who was prime minister at the time. Both Shinawatras fled into exile. Thailand s ruling junta has said intelligence reports show groups plotting against the government, citing that as a reason to maintain a ban on political activity. It has promised to hold elections in a year s time. Critics of the government accuse it of using the alleged plots as a pretext to prolong military rule. The junta had initially promised to hold elections in 2015. ",1
12856,Evicted white Zimbabwean farmer told he's going home,"HARARE (Reuters) - A white Zimbabwean farmer kicked off his property at gunpoint in June has been told he will be going home within days, the first signs of the post-Robert Mugabe government making good on promises to respect agricultural property rights. Rob Smart, a 71-year-old farmer from the eastern district of Rusape, said he understood his case had been taken up by new President Emmerson Mnangagwa, who heard of Smart s violent eviction while at an investment conference in Johannesburg.  Apparently Mnangagwa saw that and flipped his lid,  Smart told Reuters by telephone, saying new provincial minister of state Monica Mutsvangwa had assured him the eviction would be reversed.  Our new governor is getting us back on the farm,  he said. According to media reports at the time, Smart and his family, including two small grandchildren, were kicked off their Lesbury farm along with scores of workers in early June by riot police armed with tear gas and AK-47 assault rifles.  They came with guns and riot gear and tear gas - it wasn t just us, it was all our workers as well, the whole compound,  Smart said. In all, the eviction would have hit the livelihood of as many as 5,000 people, he said. Reuters reported in September that Mnangagwa was plotting with the military, liberation war veterans and businessmen including current and former white farmers to take over from 93-year-old Mugabe. In the latter half of his 37 years in power, Zimbabwe s economy collapsed, especially after the violent and chaotic seizure of thousands of white-owned commercial farms under the banner of post-colonial land reform. Mugabe resigned last month in the wake of a de facto military coup, paving the way for Mnangagwa, who had been purged as his deputy only a week before, to take over as leader of the southern African nation. War veterans leader Chris Mutsvangwa, husband of Monica Mutsvangwa and now a special adviser to Mnangagwa, said Smart s treatment made clear the new administration was serious about restoring the rule of law and sanctity of property rights.  Land reform is over. Now we want inclusiveness. All citizens who had a claim to land by birthright, we want them to feel they belong and we want them to build a new country because this economy is shattered,  he told Reuters. Smart said he was working with the local authorities in Rusare who were under orders to track down looted and stolen property to allow him and his staff to bring the farm back to production.  We will have a Christmas with no decorations in a house that s a bit empty,  Smart said. But mentally it s going to be a bloody nice one.  ",1
12857,Poland ready to defend migration stance in EU top court,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland is ready to defend its decision in the European Union s top court to refuse to accept migrants from Africa and the Middle East under an EU plan to redistribute them, Deputy Foreign Minister Konrad Szymanski said. He spoke after the EU executive sued Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic in the European Court of Justice on Thursday for their refusal to host these migrants.  Poland is ready to defend its position in the Court,  Szymanski told state news agency PAP.  No one will lift the duty  of providing public safety from the Polish government.  The government of Poland s right-wing Law and Justice (PiS) party has said it will not admit migrants, citing security concerns amid deadly Islamist attacks in western Europe and problems with ascertaining the identify of migrants. The Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday it had signed a deal with the European Investment Bank to give 50 million euros to help countries and territories affected by the migration crisis, mainly Lebanon, Jordan and the West Bank. Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski said that Poland - a country of 38 million - is already hosting migrants as it had issued more than a million work permits for people from neighboring Ukraine last year alone. ",1
12858,Qatar flexes financial muscle with 12 billion euros of French deals,"DOHA (Reuters) - Qatar will buy fighter jets and armored vehicles as part of 12 billion euros worth of commercial contracts it agreed with France on Thursday, bolstering its military capability and its international ties as it faces a boycott by other Arab states. The latest contracts underscored how Doha can use the wealth it has accumulated as the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas to defy some of the largest and wealthiest Arab countries. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt cut diplomatic and trade relations with the emirate almost six months ago. They accuse the Qataris of backing terrorism, which Qatar denies.  Our position on this blockade was very clear. Qatar s position was very clear - to resolve this problem, if we saw problems between us and our neighbors - we should be at a table and speak honestly,  Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani said at a news conference alongside French President Emmanuel Macron. Macron, who has tried to play a mediation role between the sides, was in Doha to discuss how to combat the financing of terrorism at a time when the Middle East is locked in a regional power struggle between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran.  Restoring stability to the Gulf is a priority for us because we have a lot of friends here,  Macron said.  Our wish is that we find a quick resolution to today s situation.  Paris has strong commercial and political ties with Qatar. It has promoted deeper business interests in the country and encouraged Qatari investment in France, where the Gulf state already has assets of about $10 billion. Macron said some 12 billion euros ($14.13 billion) worth of deals were agreed on Thursday. They included Qatar s taking up an option from 2015 to buy 12 more Dassault Aviation-made Rafale fighters, and saying it could purchase a further 36. It has already bought 24 planes for about 6 billion euros, including missiles. It also committed to buying 490 armored vehicles from defense firm Nexter.  Doha has repeatedly called for dialogue with its neighbors, although it has strengthened its military as relations with them have deteriorated. It has secured this year alone military equipment deals with the United States, Russia and Britain.   In total, it amounts to nearly 12 billion euros which was signed today and which underlines the closeness of our economic cooperation,  Macron said. Among other deals signed, Suez SEVI.PA will dredge and clean Qatar s lagoon and a rail consortium of RATP and SNCF will build and operate a metro system in the Qatari capital. Qatar Airways also placed a new order for Airbus A321neo civilian aircraft to replace an earlier A320neo order. The new deal for larger planes is worth an extra $930 million at current list prices for Airbus and involves a switch of engine supplier to a French-American venture co-owned by Safran (SAF.PA)< and General Electric (GE.N). ",1
12859,"Russian military: mission accomplished, Islamic State defeated in Syria","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s military said on Thursday it had accomplished its mission of defeating Islamic State in Syria, and there were no remaining settlements there under the group s control. Russian bombers had used unprecedented force in the final stages to finish off the militant group, a senior Russian officer said.   The mission to defeat bandit units of the Islamic State terrorist organization on the territory of Syria, carried out by the armed forces of the Russian Federation, has been accomplished,  Colonel-General Sergei Rudskoi, head of the general staff s operations, said on Rossiya 24 TV channel. Syrian government forces were now combing and de-mining  areas where Islamic State had had their strongholds, he said.  The final stage of the defeat of the terrorists was accompanied by the unprecedented deployment and intense combat use of Russia s air force,  he said. The air strikes included 14 sorties of groups of long-range bombers from Russia made in the past month, he said. Russia s military deployed in Syria would now focus on preserving ceasefires and restoring peaceful life, he said.  ",1
12860,Hungary's Jobbik party says fine risks making it insolvent ahead of 2018 vote,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary s main opposition party would be unable to compete at an election next April if state auditors impose a heavy fine in a campaign finance case, a vice chairman for the nationalist Jobbik party told Reuters on Thursday.     The party, which was once on the far right but has moved toward the center in recent years, lags far behind the ruling party Fidesz, according to opinion polls. The case could hurt Jobbik s bid to take the political center ground from the populist and nativist Fidesz party of Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who has ruled Hungary since 2010. Jobbik should pay a fine of 331 million forints ($1.24 million), equal to a price advantage it received illegally for a billboard campaign. Its annual state subsidy should also be cut by the same sum as a penalty, the auditors said on Wednesday in a preliminary finding. Jobbik denies wrongdoing and has 15 days to respond to the findings. The auditor, called ASZ, will deliver a final ruling in a few weeks and Jobbik would then have to pay the fine even if it challenges the decision in court. The penalties are more than Jobbik s 476 million forint annual state subsidy, which is the party s largest source of funding as it receives only small contributions from donors, Jobbik vice chairman Janos Volner said.  This case has been so absurd that anything is possible,  he said, adding that the inquiry could be a pretext to try to dissolve the party.  They will shake us down for every last penny we have,  he told Reuters by phone. The auditor is independent and non-political, said its spokesman Balint Nemeth. ASZ Chairman Laszlo Domokos is a former Fidesz lawmaker while Chief Prosecutor Peter Polt is a former Fidesz member twice appointed to his post by Fidesz-dominated parliaments. On Wednesday, prosecutors also pressed espionage charges against Jobbik European Parliament member Bela Kovacs, who subsequently quit the party. In its ad campaign Jobbik accused Orban and some of his associates of corruption. The party used billboards owned by a tycoon named Lajos Simicska for the campaign. Simicska was once a key ally of Orban who has since become a supporter of Jobbik. In stormy debates with Jobbik party leader Gabor Vona in parliament, Orban has repeatedly said Jobbik has been hijacked by Simicska and accused it of doing his bidding. Jobbik and Simicska deny this. Fidesz restricted the use of privately-owned billboards by political parties in a recent law. Jobbik then bought more than 1,000 billboards outright. The party has declined to detail the sources it used for that deal. ($1 = 266.53 forints) ",1
12861,"UK criticizes Muslim Brotherhood, defends Western policy","LONDON (Reuters) - British foreign secretary Boris Johnson singled out the Muslim Brotherhood and its associates for criticism on Thursday in a speech calling for a renewed western diplomatic push in the Middle East to tackle Islamic extremism.  Speaking to diplomats and experts at the Foreign Office in London, Johnson called for better engagement with Muslim populations worldwide and argued that blaming Western intervention for the rise of Islamist extremism played into the jihadi narrative. He said the West needed to collectively re-insert itself in the process towards peace in Syria and called for the United States to bring fresh impetus to the resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Johnson said the Muslim Brotherhood - a global Islamist organization which started in Egypt in 1928 - was one of the most politically savvy operators in the Muslim world, but he also criticized its conduct in the Middle East and Britain.  It is plainly wrong that Islamists should exploit freedoms here in the UK - freedoms of speech and association - that their associates would repress overseas and it is all too clear that some affiliates of the Muslim Brotherhood are willing to turn a blind eye to terrorism,  he said. The Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt was designated as a terrorist organization in that country in 2013. A 2015 British government review into the organization concluded that membership of or links to it should be considered a possible indicator of extremism but stopped short of recommending that it should be banned. Johnson admitted there had been policy missteps in Iraq and Syria interventions, but said that did not justify a diplomatic retreat from the region.  British foreign policy is not the problem, it is part of the solution,  he said, calling for a renewed role in Syria, more work to halt conflict in Yemen and progress in bringing factions together in Libya.  We need more engagement, not less,  he said. His remarks come a day after the United States recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, drawing international criticism. British Prime Minister Theresa May has said that decision was wrong, and Johnson repeated the government criticism that the U.S. move was premature.  We ... think that the future of Jerusalem must be settled as part of the negotiated agreement between Israel and the Palestinians and as part of the two-state solution,  he said.  This decision, having been announced by President Trump, the world would like to see some serious announcements by the U.S. about how they see the Middle East peace process and how to bring the two sides together.   ",1
12862,Turkey says U.S. 'pulled the pin on bomb' with Jerusalem decision,"ANKARA (Reuters) - The United States has primed a bomb in the Middle East with its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Thursday. Yildirim said Turkey s stark differences with Washington, which have already strained ties between the NATO allies, meant that an overwhelming majority of the Turkish people were now unsympathetic toward the United States.  The United States has pulled the pin on a bomb ready to blow in the region,  Yildirim told a conference in Ankara.  President Donald Trump on Wednesday reversed decades of U.S. policy by recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and promising to move the U.S. Embassy there. Following the decision, hundreds of protesters gathered outside the U.S. consulate in Istanbul; on Thursday, there was a heavy police presence with uniformed soldiers patrolling the roof.  Today, more than 80 percent of our citizens are cold towards the United States and they are right to be so,  Yildirim said, without giving a source for the figure. Bilateral relations had already been hurt by Washington s support for the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia, seen by Ankara as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK), which has for decades waged an insurgency against the Turkish state. In addition, Ankara has been angered by the United States  refusal to extradite U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom it accuses of orchestrating last year s attempted military coup. U.S. officials say the courts have not been shown sufficient evidence to extradite Gulen, who has denied any involvement in the coup. Turkey also says the case of Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is on trial in New York and cooperating with U.S. prosecutors, is an attempt to discredit it and undermine its economy. Zarrab has pleaded guilty to helping Iran avoid U.S. sanctions and detailed a vast international money laundering scheme. ",1
12863,EU vows push to make Jerusalem capital for Palestinians too,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU s top diplomat pledged on Thursday to reinvigorate diplomacy with Russia, the United States, Jordan and others to ensure Palestinians have a capital in Jerusalem after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized the city as Israel s capital. The European Union, a member of the Middle East Quartet along with the United States, the United Nations and Russia, believes it has a duty to make its voice heard as the Palestinians  biggest aid donor and Israel s top trade partner.  The European Union has a clear and united position. We believe the only realistic solution to the conflict between Israel and Palestine is based on two states and with Jerusalem as the capital of both,  EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini told a news conference. She said she would meet Jordan s foreign minister on Friday, while she and EU foreign ministers would discuss Jerusalem with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Brussels on Monday.  The European Union will engage even more with the parties and with our regional and international partners. We will keep working with the Middle East Quartet, possibly in an enlarged format,  said Mogherini, citing Jordan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia, as well as Norway.  We remain convinced that the role of the United States ... is crucial,  she said. Mogherini, who also spoke to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, threw her weight behind Jordan s King Abdullah, saying he was  a very wise man  that everyone should listen to as the custodian of the Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem.  Trump s decision stirred outrage across the Arab and Muslim world and alarm among U.S. allies and Russia because of Jerusalem s internationally disputed status, and the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas urged Palestinians to abandon peace efforts and launch a new uprising against Israel. Mogherini stressed all 28 EU governments were united on the issue of Jerusalem and seeking a solution envisaging a Palestinian state on land Israel took in a 1967 war, but policy divisions within the bloc have weakened its influence.  This is the consolidated European Union position,  she said, saying EU foreign ministers made that clear to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday in Brussels. Hurdles for the EU include its range of positions, ranging from Germany s strong support for Israel to Sweden s 2014 decision to officially recognize the state of Palestine. The EU is also perceived by some in Israel as being too pro-Palestinian, partly because of the EU s long-held opposition to Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank, diplomats say. ",1
12864,Man with Palestinian flag smashes Jewish restaurant windows in Dutch capital,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A man with a Palestinian flag yelling  God is great  was detained by police in the Netherlands on Thursday after smashing the windows of a kosher Jewish restaurant in Amsterdam. The violent outburst came a day after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, a decision that reversed decades of U.S. foreign policy, angered much of the Muslim world and was widely rejected by Western leaders. The assailant, who was wearing a black-and-white-checkered head scarf, smashed several windows of the restaurant HaCarmel before he was pushed to the ground and hand-cuffed by police, a video of the incident posted on local media websites showed.  We are disgusted,  the Organization of Jewish Communities in The Netherlands said in a statement. The attack was  an act of revenge, meant to instil fear, and is no less than an act of terror.  ",1
12865,Ousted Turkish beauty queen may face jail time over tweet,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A former Turkish beauty pageant winner may face up to a year in prison over a tweet referring to last year s failed military coup that cost her  Miss Turkey  title, the private Dogan news agency said on Thursday. An Istanbul prosecutor has indicted 18-year-old Itir Esen, who in September was stripped of her title after one day, for  publicly humiliating a segment of the society  following three official complaints over her tweet, Dogan reported. On July 16 this year, Esen tweeted:  I had my period on July 15 morning to celebrate the day to commemorate martyrs. As a representation of our martyrs  blood, I am commemorating this day by bleeding.  She later deleted the tweet and deactivated her Twitter account. Dogan said the indictment included a statement by Esen in which she said her tweet was shared in an ironic way to commemorate those who died on July 15, 2016 and there was no intent to insult any part of Turkish society.    Around 250 people, mostly unarmed civilians were killed and over 1,000 wounded in the failed coup bid on July 15, 2016. The day was later declared Democracy and National Unity Day and a public holiday in Turkey. More than 150,000 state employees have been suspended or sacked and over 50,000 have been jailed pending trial in a security crackdown following the attempted coup. Rights groups and some of NATO-member Turkey s Western allies have voiced disquiet about the crackdown, fearing the government is using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. ",1
12866,Bosnian suspected of plotting Christmas market attack in Austria's Graz,"VIENNA (Reuters) - A 25-year-old Bosnian man has been arrested in the Austrian city of Graz on suspicion of planning an attack on its Christmas market, police said on Thursday.     The Muslim man was detained on Dec. 1 at an emergency shelter where others saw him watching videos about last year s attacks in Nice and Berlin on a computer, a force spokesman said. Witnesses heard him talking about Berlin and death, the spokesman added.  He had visited mosques, but it was not yet clear whether he had been radicalized or had any accomplices, police said. A Tunisian man killed 12 people by driving a truck into a Christmas market in Berlin a year ago. The failed asylum seeker had pledged allegiance to Islamic State. ",1
12867,Kremlin says Trump's Jerusalem decision is splitting international community,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel has complicated the situation in the Middle East and is causing a split in the international community, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on Thursday. ",1
12868,Libyan mayors meet for more leverage to tackle country's meltdown,"TUNIS (Reuters) - More than 90 mayors from across Libya s political divides are meeting for the first time in an effort to shore up their role in tackling conflict-linked crises and promote themselves as a unifying movement. Local councils are one of the few parts of the vast North African state still functioning in a country where rival camps have split the government and major institutions as they vie for power and a share of shrunken oil revenues.  When a citizen grumbles or complains about a service, he goes to the municipality. There is no other place for him to go,  said Abdulrahman el-Abbar, mayor of the eastern city of Benghazi, before the three-day meeting that began on Wednesday in Hammamet in neighboring Tunisia - security risks and political schisms make meeting inside Libya difficult.  You need to reinforce (the municipality s) powers so that it can provide the right services to the people.  Despite Libya s oil wealth, public services were weak under Muammar Gaddafi s long rule. As Libya splintered and  lawlessness set in following the 2011 uprising that ousted Gaddafi, services steadily collapsed. A U.N.-backed government has largely replaced a self-declared rival in the capital Tripoli, but a third, almost powerless government, has held out in eastern Libya, aligning itself with military commander Khalifa Haftar. All have overseen a worsening of living conditions, leaving residents seeking local or improvised solutions.  Abdulrahman al-Hamedi, mayor of Tripoli s Abu Salim district, says he has few resources to support residents crushed by rapid inflation, cash shortages and disrupted services. In what used to be one of the region s richest countries, monthly wages are now often worth less than $100 because of the sharp depreciation of the Libyan dinar on the black market, Hamedi said. Abu Salim has been shaken by militia battles from the revolution until earlier this year, and is also home to large numbers of displaced people from other conflict-ridden areas.   Currently the security situation is relatively stable,  said Hamedi.  The economic situation is really terrible, given the lack of basic services that the citizen would normally be provided with, such as electricity or water or gas, or obtaining cash or even food products.  The United Nations relaunched a peace process in September, but the mayors have little hope of quick progress.  The Hammamet meeting, which was facilitated by the Centre for Humanitarian Dialogue, a Geneva-based private diplomacy organization, brings elected mayors from the west aligned with the U.N.-backed government together with eastern mayors, some of whom, like Abbar, owe their positions to Haftar.  They are discussing ways to act as a force for reconciliation as well as pressing for devolved powers.    All the Libyan municipalities are in contact from the extreme east to the extreme west and the south; we don t have any problems,  said Yousef Ibderi, mayor of Gharyan, 80 km (50 miles) south of Tripoli, who uses a walking frame after being hit by a sniper s bullet early last year.  In the last three and a half years there has been no strong government, there s been no presence of the governments at all, but the municipalities were active despite a complete lack of budget and means, they were the guardians of stability and peace,  he said.   So we consider decentralization to be a very, very important solution and one that we need to work on.  ",1
12869,UK's Johnson says Trump's recognition of Jerusalem not helpful,LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Thursday U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital was  not helpful  and that the world would like to see some serious announcements from President Donald Trump on how to resolve Middle Eastern issues. ,1
12870,Russia to criticize Trump stance on Jerusalem at U.N. Security Council: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will criticize U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel in the United Nations Security Council, the RIA news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov as saying on Thursday. ",1
12871,Russia says U.S. decision on Jerusalem may worsen Israeli-Palestinian conflict,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The decision by the United States to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel risks aggravating the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Russia s foreign ministry said on Thursday, while calling on all sides involved to show restraint. Russia calls on all the parties concerned to refrain from actions that risk  dangerous and uncontrollable consequences , the ministry said in a statement. ",1
12872,"Iraq demands U.S. backtrack on Jerusalem, summons ambassador","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq demanded on Thursday that the U.S. government backtrack on a decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and summoned the U.S. ambassador in Baghdad to protest the decision. U.S. President Donald Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy on Wednesday and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, imperiling Middle East peace efforts and upsetting the Arab world and Western allies alike. Shi ite-majority Iraq is the only country to have an alliance with regional powerhouse Iran and the United States, who do not see eye-to-eye. The Iraqi Foreign Ministry said it had summoned the U.S. ambassador in Baghdad and that it would hand him a memo protesting Trump s decision.  We caution against the dangerous repercussions of this  decision on the stability of the region and the world,  an Iraqi government statement said.   The U.S. administration has to backtrack on this decision to stop any dangerous escalation that would fuel extremism and create conditions favorable to terrorism,  it said. Iraq s top Shi ite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani condemned the decision and called on the  Umma , or Islamic nation, to unite its efforts and reclaim Jerusalem.  This decision is condemned and decried, it hurt the feelings of hundreds of millions of Arabs and Muslims,  his office said in a statement.  But it won t change the reality that Jerusalem is an occupied land which should return to the sovereignty of its Palestinian owners no matter how long it takes,  it said. Dozens of Iraqis protested the decision in Baghdad, carrying signs saying  Jerusalem is Arab  and vowing to return in greater numbers the following day after Friday prayers. A prominent Iraqi militia, the Iran-backed Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba, said Trump s decision could become a  legitimate reason  to attack U.S. forces in Iraq.  Trump s stupid decision to make Jerusalem a capital for the Zionist will be the big spark for removing this entity from the body of the Islamic nation, and a legitimate reason to target American forces,  said the group s leader Akram al-Kaabi. The United States is leading an international coalition helping Iraq fight Islamic State and has provided air and ground support. It has more than 5,000 troops in Iraq. Nujaba, which has about 10,000 fighters, is one of the most important militias in Iraq. Though made up of Iraqis, it is loyal to Iran and is helping Tehran create a supply route through Iraq to Damascus. It fights under the umbrella of the Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF), a mostly Iranian-backed coalition of Shi ite militias that played a role in combating Islamic State. The PMF is government sanctioned and formally reports to Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s office. ",1
12873,"Palestinians speed up Gaza handover talks amid anger at U.S., Israel","GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian factions stepped up efforts on Thursday to finalize a Hamas handover of the Gaza Strip to President Mahmoud Abbas as protests broke out in the enclave against the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  Under Egyptian mediation, the factions have sought to end a schism dating back to 2007, when Islamist Hamas seized Gaza in a civil war with Abbas s Fatah. A Dec. 1 deadline for giving Gaza to Abbas was postponed to Dec. 10 amid disputes. U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement on disputed Jerusalem on Wednesday infuriated Palestinians, who see the city as their future capital, prompting Hamas to call for a revolt against Israel and demand that Abbas abandon American-sponsored peace-making. Worried that the recrimination could disrupt the reconciliation efforts, Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Al-Hamdallah and other Fatah delegates arrived in Gaza on Thursday to meet Hamas.  This historical stage requires that we all unite and speed up the steps of uniting the homeland,  Al-Hamdallah told reporters. After Hamas  call for an  intifada , or uprising, dozens of Palestinians gathered at two points on the Gaza border fence with Israel and threw rocks at soldiers on the other side.  One Palestinian was wounded by army fire, medics said. An Israeli military spokeswoman said she was checking the report. In cities inside Gaza, thousands of Palestinians rallied, some chanting:  Death to America! Death to the fool Trump!  and burning tires.   ",1
12874,"Swearing in unofficial president is 'treason', Kenya attorney general says","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Swearing in an alternative president of Kenya would be an act of treason, the country s attorney general said on Thursday, days before an opposition leader expects to be inaugurated by an unofficial people s assembly. Such an inauguration would worsen the rifts opened by an acrimonious election season, when more than 70 people died in political violence. The extended campaigns eventually led to  President Uhuru Kenyatta s re-election. Attorney General Githu Muigai did not name anyone, but opposition leader Raila Odinga said last month that he would be inaugurated by a people s assembly on Dec. 12 - Kenya s Independence Day. Unless a candidate was declared the victor in an election by the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission and the swearing-in was conducted by the Kenyan chief justice, Muigai told a news conference, such a inauguration is  a process wholly unanticipated by the constitution and is null and void .   The criminal law of the Republic of Kenya stipulates that sort of process is high treason,  he said.  It is high treason of the persons involved, and any other person facilitating that process.   Under Kenyan law, treason is punishable by death. Muigai said people s assemblies proposed by the National Super Alliance, Odinga s opposition coalition, were illegal as well.  These institutions are unconstitutional they are illegal, they are null and void. The persons involved in their creation are involved in extra-constitutional activity and may be visited by the full force of the law,  he said. So far, 12 Kenyan counties have passed motions supporting the formation of a people s assembly, most of them counties that had backed the opposition in Kenya s protracted voting. Odinga and Kenyatta faced off in an election in August that Kenyatta won. But the Supreme Court nullified the result, and a repeat election was held on Oct. 26. Odinga boycotted that vote, saying reforms needed to avoid  illegalities and irregularities  had not been made. Kenyatta won again, with 98 percent of the vote. The United States had urged opposition leaders to work within the law and avoid actions like the proposed  inauguration ceremony , a statement from the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi said on Wednesday, following a visit to Kenya by Donald Yamamoto, the acting assistant secretary of state for African affairs.  Without directly mentioning the ceremony or the United States, Odinga said on Thursday that Kenyans should be left to solve their own problems.  Our friends can give us advice ... in privacy. Don t come and shout at us, and tell us that we are going to violate the constitution. Which constitution, my foot,  Odinga told reporters in Nairobi. ",1
12875,Thai police arrest Hells Angels gang members,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai police have arrested four members of a Hells Angels biker gang accused of drug crimes, violence and posing a threat to society, the Tourist Police said on Thursday. Three Australians and a Canadian were arrested on Wednesday in Pattaya, a major tourist resort with a reputation as a hub for foreign gangs, drug dealing and the sex industry. Piyapong Ensarn of the Pattaya Tourist Police told Reuters that two of the accused gang members would be deported and the two others would be charged with drug offences.  Traces of cocaine were found on them,  he said. Reuters was unable to contact either the accused or their lawyers for comment. Pattaya is 100 km (60 miles) southeast of the Thai capital, Bangkok. Police said they were still looking for three Australians believed to be members of the gang. A British member of the gang had fled the country before he could be arrested, Piyapong said. The gang made headlines in 2015 when one of its members was murdered by an Australian man, who was sentenced to death in February for the killing. ",1
12876,Emperor Hirohito's memoir bought by Japan surgeon criticized for praising Nazis,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese cosmetic surgeon criticized for praising Nazis and playing down Japan s wartime atrocities won an auction for a memoir by Emperor Hirohito that chronicles the nation s slide into World War Two, paying $275,000 for the document. Katsuya Takasu, who often appears on TV shows in Japan, has been blasted by a Jewish human rights body, the Simon Wiesenthal Center, for violating  all norms of decency  by dismissing as fabrications the Holocaust and the Nanjing massacre in China.  I think both Nanjing and Auschwitz are fabrications,  Takasu said in a message on social network Twitter in October 2015.  There was no doubt that the Jews were persecuted,  he has tweeted, but also praised Nazi scientists  contributions to science, medicine and other fields. Contacted by Reuters on Thursday, Takasu said he bought the handwritten document, known as the  Emperor s Monologue , because he thought it contained a message to royals and the Japanese people, and should be kept in Japan. The document record events dating from the 1920s, such as Hirohito s stated resolve not to oppose future cabinet decisions. It caused a sensation when made public in 1990, reigniting a debate over the emperor s responsibility for the war. The account was dictated to one of Hirohito s aides in 1946, when a defeated Japan was occupied by Allied forces and the emperor faced the possibility of being tried as a war criminal - a step that ultimately was not taken. In a telephone interview, Takasu said his social media posts had been intentionally misunderstood.  It (the criticism) is from those who have skillfully picked out some of my tweets and maliciously interpreted them and it is a misunderstanding,  he said.  If you look at all my tweets, I am clearly against Nazism. But I do highly evaluate the wonderful medicine of that era.  But Takasu added that he thought the number of people killed in the Holocaust and the Nanjing massacre had been exaggerated - a stance common among Japanese ultra-nationalists. China says Japanese troops killed 300,000 people in Nanjing between December 1937 and January 1938, while an Allied tribunal put the death toll at about half that.     What I wanted to say was that it is said that six million or seven million were killed (in the Holocaust) but was that not  several tens of thousands?  Takasu asked.  It is said that 300,000 were killed in the Nanjing massacre but was that not 6,000 to 7,000 people instead? That is what I meant by  fabrication.   Hirohito s memoir ends with his statement that if he had vetoed the decision to go to war, it would have resulted in a civil conflict that would have been even worse and  Japan would have been destroyed,  auction house Bonhams said on its website. Academics say Hirohito s responsibility for the war has never been fully pursued in Japan, largely due to U.S. occupation authorities  decision to retain the emperor as a symbol of a newly democratic nation. Asked about Hirohito s responsibility for the war, Takasu said that, in his view, the late emperor was absolved when he said he would give his life for the Japanese people.  At the point the emperor made that comment, he had no sin,  he added. ",1
12877,Greek president tells Turkey's Erdogan no treaty revision,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek President Prokopis Pavlopoulos on Thursday ruled out a revision of an international treaty defining the borders of Greece and Turkey.  The Treaty of Lausanne defines the territory and the sovereignty of Greece and of the European Union and this treaty is for us non-negotiable.   It has no flaws, it does not need to be reviewed, or to be updated,  Pavlopoulos said during a meeting with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, on a two day official visit to the neighbouring country. Erdogan was quoted earlier in a Greek newspaper interview suggesting a revision to the 1923 Treaty of Lausanne, which established the borders of modern-day Turkey. In comments to Pavlopoulos, Erdogan said there were some details in the Lausanne Treaty which are not clear. ",1
12878,"Qatar's Tamim ready to resolve row with Gulf Arabs, says sovereignty sacred","DOHA (Reuters) - Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani said on Thursday Qatar was ready to sit down with fellow Gulf Arab states to resolve any dispute but he said sovereignty was not subject to compromise. Speaking at a joint news conference with visiting French President Emanual Macron, Tamim also said that Qatar has been committed to fighting terrorism from the beginning, adding that reports being floated had been investigated and were shown to be erroneous. ",1
12879,France and Qatar sign deals worth 12 billion euros: Macron,"QATAR (Reuters) - France and Qatar signed commercial contracts worth around 12 billion euros  ($14.15 billion) on Thursday, French President Emmanuel Macron said, adding that the deals underscored the close relationship between the two countries. Qatar has agreed to buy 12 more Rafale fighter planes from Dassault Aviation, will employ France s Suez to dredge and clean Qatar s lagoon and has retained France s RATP and SNCF to build and operate a metro system in Qatar.  In total, it amounts to nearly 12 billion euros which was signed today and which underlines the closeness of our relations,  Macron said at a press conference with Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani. Macron also reiterated he disapproved of U.S President Donald Trump s decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel s capital, saying the status of the city needed to be determined via negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians. ($1 = 0.8482 euros) ",1
12880,Russian ex-minister Ulyukayev: I am victim of 'monstrous set up',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Former Russian economy minister Alexei Ulyukayev, accused of taking a $2 million bribe from Rosneft chief executive Igor Sechin, told a court on Thursday he was the victim of  a monstrous and cruel provocation.  State prosecutors said the bribe was given last year on Nov. 14 in exchange for Ulyukayev approving the sale of state-controlled oil company Bashneft to Rosneft. Ulyukayev denies the charges. He says he thought the bag holding the bribe was a gift of expensive alcohol.  A monstrous and cruel provocation was carried out against me,  Ulyukayev told the court in his final statement before it hands down a verdict on Dec. 15.  This trial has aroused public interest similar to that of  a circus,  he added.  The charges are absurd, the evidence is absurd, and at its base lies the cruelty and impunity of the provocateur.  Rosneft head Sechin, a witness in the trial and a close ally of President Vladimir Putin, has not appeared in court, citing work commitments. Russian prosecutors earlier this month sought a sentence of 10 years in jail for Ulyukayev. ",1
12881,UK electoral body says investigating Labour-backing campaign group Momentum,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Electoral Commission said on Thursday it was investigating campaign group Momentum - which backed the opposition Labour Party at a June election - over whether it breached campaign finance rules. Momentum is closely associated with left-wing Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and has helped the party attract new voters, contributing to its unexpectedly strong performance at the June vote in which Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May lost her parliamentary majority.  The Electoral Commission has today announced it has opened an investigation to establish whether Momentum, a registered non-party campaigner at the 2017 UK Parliamentary General Election, breached campaign finance rules in relation to spending,  the commission said in a statement. The Electoral Commission, Britain s election watchdog, said it was looking into a range of issues, including whether the campaign group exceeded spending limits or submitted incomplete or inaccurate expenditure records. Momentum is registered as a  non-party campaigner  and is subject to different spending rules to Labour and other political parties.  Momentum are a high profile active campaigning body. Questions over their compliance with the campaign finance rules at June s general election risks causing harm to voters  confidence in elections,  said Bob Posner, the Electoral Commission s Director of Political Finance and Regulation and Legal Counsel. ",1
12882,Iraq's Grand Ayatollah Sistani condemns U.S. decision on Jerusalem,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s senior shi ite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani condemned on Thursday U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  This decision is condemned and decried, it hurt the feelings of hundreds of millions of Arabs and Muslims,  said a statement from Sistani s office.  But it won t change the reality that Jerusalem is an occupied land which should return to the sovereignty of its Palestinian owners no matter how long it takes,  it said, calling on the  Umma , or Islamic nation,  to combine its efforts that purpose.  ",1
12883,B-1B bomber joins U.S.-South Korea drills as tensions escalate,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A U.S. B-1B bomber on Wednesday joined large-scale U.S.-South Korean military exercises that North Korea has denounced as pushing the peninsula to the brink of nuclear war, as tension mounts between the North and the United States. The bomber flew from the Pacific U.S.-administered territory of Guam and joined U.S. F-22 and F-35 stealth fighters in the annual exercises, which run until Friday. The drills come a week after North Korea said it had tested its most advanced intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching the United States, as part of a weapons program that it has conducted in defiance of international sanctions and condemnation. Asked about the bomber s flight, China s Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a regular news briefing in Beijing:  We hope relevant parties can maintain restraint and not do anything to add tensions on the Korean peninsula.   North Korea regularly threatens to destroy South Korea, the United States and Japan. Its official KCNA state news agency said at the weekend that U.S. President Donald Trump s administration was  begging for nuclear war  by staging the drills. It also labeled Trump, who has threatened to destroy North Korea if the United States is threatened,  insane . KCNA said on Tuesday that the exercises in which the bomber took part are  simulating an all-out war , including drills to  strike the state leadership and nuclear and ballistic rocket bases, air fields, naval bases and other major objects...  U.S. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham on Sunday urged the Pentagon to start moving U.S. military dependants, such as spouses and children, out of South Korea, saying conflict with North Korea was getting close. The U.S.-South Korea drills coincide with a rare visit to the isolated North by U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman. North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Pak Myong Guk met Feltman on Wednesday in the North Korean capital, Pyongyang, and discussed bilateral cooperation and other issues of mutual interest, KCNA said.  Feltman, a former senior U.S. State Department official, is the highest-level U.N. official to visit North Korea since 2012. The State Department said on Tuesday he was not carrying any message from Washington.  South Korean President Moon Jae-in will visit China next Wednesday for a summit with his counterpart Xi Jinping, Seoul s presidential Blue House said. North Korea s increasing nuclear and missile capability would top the agenda, it said. The military exercises, called  Vigilant Ace , are designed to enhance joint readiness and operational capability of U.S. extended deterrence, South Korea s Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a statement.  North Korea has vehemently criticized the drills since the weekend, saying the exercise precipitates U.S. and South Korean  self-destruction .     China and Russia had proposed that the United States and South Korea stop major military exercises in exchange for North Korea halting its weapons programs. China is North Korea s  lone major ally and fears widespread instability on its border. Russia also has communication channels open with North Korea and is ready to exert its influence, the RIA news agency quoted Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov as saying on Tuesday. North Korea has tested dozens of ballistic missiles, two of which flew over Japan, and conducted its sixth and largest nuclear bomb test in September. It says its weapons programs are a necessary defense against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops stationed in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War, denies any such intention. ",1
12884,Chinese state media tells readers how to survive a nuclear attack," (In this Dec. 6 story, corrects newspaper location to Jilin province, from Jilin city, paragraph one) BEIJING (Reuters) - A state-run newspaper in China s Jilin province, which borders North Korea and Russia, on Wednesday published a page of  common sense  advice on how readers can protect themselves from a nuclear weapons attack or explosion. China has voiced grave concern over North Korea s nuclear and missiles program, as well as calling on the United States and South Korea to stop provoking Pyongyang. U.S. bombers will fly over the Korean peninsula on Wednesday as part of a large-scale joint military drills with South Korea. The North has warned the drills would push the Korean Peninsula to the  brink of war . The full page article in the Jilin Daily, which does not mention possible attacks by North Korea or any other country, explains how nuclear weapons differ from traditional arms and instructs people how to protect themselves in the event of an attack. Nuclear weapons have five means of causing destruction: light radiation, blast waves, early-stage nuclear radiation, nuclear electro-magnetic pulses and radioactive pollution, the article explained. It said the first four kill instantly. People who find themselves outside during a nuclear attack should try to lie in a ditch, cover exposed skin in light colored clothing or dive into a river or lake to try and minimize the possibility of instantaneous death, it said. Cartoon illustrations of ways to dispel radioactive contamination were also provided, such as using water to wash off shoes and using cotton buds to clean ears, as well as a picture of a vomiting child to show how medical help can be sought to speed the expulsion of radiation through stomach pumping and induced urination. The influential state-backed Global Times in a commentary on Wednesday described the article as a public service announcement  due to the situation on the Korean peninsula.  If war breaks out, it is not possible to rule out the Korean peninsula producing nuclear contaminants, and countermeasures must be seriously researched and spoken openly about to let the common folk know. But at the same time, there is absolutely no reason to be alarmed,  the Global Times said. North Korea last week tested what it called its most advanced intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that could reach all of the United States. U.S. President Donald Trump has warned he would destroy the North Korean regime if it threatened the United States with nuclear weapons. China has rejected military intervention and called for an end to the war of words between Washington and Pyongyang. ",1
12885,Hamas calls for Palestinian uprising against Israel,"GAZA (Reuters) - The powerful Palestinian Islamist group Hamas called on Thursday for a new uprising against Israel after U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as the Israeli capital.  We should call for and we should work on launching an intifada in the face of the Zionist enemy,  Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh said in a speech in Gaza. Haniyeh, elected the group s overall leader in May, urged Palestinians, Muslims and Arabs to hold rallies against the U.S decision on Friday, calling it a  day of rage .  Let December 8 be the first day of the intifada against the occupier,  he said. Israel and the United States consider Hamas, which has fought three wars with Israel since 2007, a terrorist organization. It does not recognize Israel s right to exist and its suicide bombings helped spearhead the last intifada, from 2000 to 2005.  We have given instruction to all Hamas members and to all its wings to be fully ready for any new instructions or orders that may be given to confront this strategic danger that threatens Jerusalem and threatens Palestine,  said Haniyeh.  United Jerusalem is Arab and Muslim, and it is the capital of the state of Palestine, all of Palestine,  he said, referring to territory including Israel as well as the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip and the Israeli-occupied West Bank. Haniyeh called on Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to withdraw from peacemaking with Israel and on Arabs to boycott the Trump administration.  It should be announced that the so-called peace agreement was buried, once and for all, and that there is nothing called a partner for the Palestinians in peace,  he said. Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, upsetting the Arab world and Western allies alike. ",1
12886,Israeli troops reinforce West Bank after U.S. move over Jerusalem,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The Israeli military said it was reinforcing troops deployed in the occupied West Bank on Thursday as Palestinians protested against the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Several new army battalions would be deployed and other forces put on standby, a military statement said, calling the measures  part of the IDF s (Israel Defence Forces) readiness for possible developments . ",1
12887,China criticises India over crashed drone on border,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China expressed  strong dissatisfaction  with India on Thursday over the recent crash of an Indian drone in Chinese territory, an incident that could cause more friction along their disputed border. Indian and Chinese troops confronted each other between June and August this year - at one stage even resorting to scuffling and throwing stones - on a remote plateau near the borders of India, its ally Bhutan, and China, in the most serious and prolonged standoff in decades. The nuclear-armed Asian giants have tried to develop their ties in recent years but there is still deep distrust over their disputed border, which triggered war in 1962. China s defence ministry said in a statement the Indian drone had crashed in  recent days  but it did not give a location.  This action by India violated China s territorial sovereignty. We express strong dissatisfaction and opposition,  Zhang Shuili, a military official in China s western battle zone command, was quoted as saying in a ministry statement.  China s border defence forces took a professional and responsible attitude in conducting an inspection of the device,  Zhang said, adding that the military would  resolutely defend  China s sovereignty and security. The Indian army said an unmanned aerial vehicle was on a training mission over Indian territory when it developed technical problems and crossed a so-called line of actual control separating the countries  militaries. Indian border guards alerted their Chinese counterparts about the drone soon afterwards, an Indian army spokesman said. China had provided the Indian army with details about where the drone came down and Indian authorities were investigating, Colonel Aman Anand said in a statement.  The matter is being dealt with in accordance with the established protocols,  Anand said. China also lodged diplomatic  representations  with India, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a regular briefing.  China asks India to immediately stop its activities of using unmanned aircraft near the border, and to work alongside China to maintain the border area s peace and tranquillity,  he said. After the weeks of confrontation on the wind-swept Doklam plateau this year, the two sides agreed to an  expeditious disengagement  of troops about a week before Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi met in an effort to mend ties at a summit in China in September. But the mountainous border remains sensitive for both sides. In November, China criticised a visit by Indian President Ram Nath Kovind to the remote state of Arunachal Pradesh, which China claims, saying China opposed any activities by Indian leaders in disputed areas.   ",1
12888,Exclusive: EU parliament details UK concessions on rights,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain will guarantee rights for as yet unborn children who join EU parents after Brexit and accept EU judges  rulings on such rights, according to a draft European Parliament resolution seen by Reuters on Thursday. The document, drafted on Monday for a vote next week before an EU summit that may launch talks on a future EU-UK free trade pact, also supports British Prime Minister Theresa May s call for an agreement from Brussels that British citizens in the EU will be able to live freely in any member state after Brexit   though an EU official said that would only be negotiated later. The resolution was prepared on the basis of an agreement May was about to sign on Monday before objections from her allies in Northern Ireland forced a postponement due to concerns on a plan to keep  regulatory alignment  between the province and the EU  to ensure no hardening of the border on the island of Ireland . It also lays out demands from the legislature, which must approve any treaty. These include limiting British benefits from any future agreement and an insistence London continue to abide by the European human rights convention. It also insists that Britain automatically adopt any new EU legislation passed after it loses its vote during a transition period after March 2019. The draft makes no mention of a point under discussion on Monday when talks were interrupted that would end supervision of EU citizens  rights by the European Court of Justice after a certain number of years. Two EU sources said that a compromise of 10 years - midway between a British offer of five and an EU demand of 15 years - appears the most likely solution. One EU source said the compromise may be presented as two years during the transition period plus eight years after that. May has insisted that the ECJ hold no more sway in Britain but the European Parliament has made the court s involvement one of its priorities in safeguarding the position of some 3 million citizens of other EU states now living in Britain. The parliamentary resolution, drafted by five parties which hold the vast majority in the chamber, notes British agreement in detail to honour financial commitments to the bloc and to avoid a  hard  Irish border, two of three conditions on which the EU wants  sufficient progress  toward a divorce deal before it will launch the negotiations May wants on a free trade pact. It goes into more detail on citizens  rights, notably on issues where London had been resisting lawmakers  demands. These included that  core family members and persons in a durable relationship currently residing outside (Britain) shall be protected by the Withdrawal Agreement and that this is also the case for children born in the future and outside (Britain) .  London, which does not grant its own citizens automatic rights to bring in foreign spouses, had sought to apply that to EU citizens after Brexit and also wanted to deny rights to British residence to any children born abroad after Brexit. Britain has also, according to the draft, accepted that EU citizens can  export all exportable benefits  as defined by EU legislation after the country leaves the European Union. And it has  accepted the competence of the (ECJ) in relation to the interpretation of the Withdrawal Treaty .  Citizens  rights will be guaranteed through a declaratory, light touch, proportionate procedure, consisting of a single form per family,  the resolution stated   going some way to addressing lawmakers  complaints that costs of hundreds of euros could be incurred by families making several declarations. Lawmakers are still pressing for the procedure to be free. In five months of negotiation, May has largely given way on EU demands. In one sign of a potential concession, the parliamentary resolution states that British citizens living in an EU state on Brexit Day, March 29, 2019, should retain their  right ... to reside and move freely in the whole EU .  However, an EU official familiar with the negotiations said Brussels had not yet confirmed this point and that it should be negotiated with the 27 member states in the next phase of talks. For now, Britons would only be guaranteed EU rights they already have if they remain living in the same EU state after Brexit. Setting out demands for the new phase of negotiations to be launched at the Dec. 15 summit if May confirms her offers, the parliament stressed that any transition period   of  not more than three years    to avoid a  cliff edge scenario  depends on a deal on the whole divorce package and would mean Britain being bound by all EU structures while no longer having a say on them. It ruled out  any trade off  in negotiations between British contributions to EU security and economic benefits for Britain and said the latter could not be as good as membership of the EU or of the EEA, whose members include Norway and Iceland. In any free trade agreement,  market access to services    a big part of British exports, notably in finance    will always be subject to exclusions, reservations and exceptions . Any security and defence cooperation would be subject to EU rules on data protection, the resolution added, reflecting concern among lawmakers that Britain will seek an exception in return for sharing its recognised prowess in intelligence. Seeking to meet a end-of-the-week EU deadline for a deal on divorce terms in order to give EU states time before the summit to agree their offer on opening trade talks, May plans to present tweaked proposals on the Irish border in the coming day, the Irish prime minister said. Should she miss it, senior EU officials say, it could be February before they return to the issue   raising concern that businesses will start switching more investment out of Britain. That delay, EU officials believe, could put May s own weak position in jeopardy, and throw new doubt on the process. A senior official closely involved in the talks said however that member states, including power couple Germany and France, seem in no mood to ease demands on Britain to ensure a quick accord. ",1
12889,Support for Irish PM's party surges on back of Brexit row,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar s Fine Gael party surged into an 11-point lead in a poll on Thursday, gaining credit for the government s Brexit negotiating stance and indicating its recent near-collapse had not hurt his popularity. Varadkar has played a key role in negotiations over Britain s withdrawl from the European Union this week, insisting that a tentative deal struck on the Irish border on Monday must be fulfilled if talks are to move onto the next phase, as London wants. That was in sharp contrast to a week earlier when his deputy prime minister had to resign to avert a government collapse and election before Christmas, an episode that members of Fine Gael feared would damage both the party and its leader. Yet support for Fine Gael rose by five points to 36 percent in the Irish Times/MRBI poll, while fellow centre-right rival Fianna Fail has fallen four points to 25 percent since October. The left-wing Sinn Fein party was unchanged on 19 percent.  The most recent survey taken by another polling company,  conducted during the government crisis, showed that the two main parties were almost neck and neck. The number of undecided voters was far higher in the MRBI sample. Satisfaction with the government also rose by five points to 41 percent in Thursday s poll, the highest level achieved by any government in almost a decade.  Today s poll proves that timing is everything,  said MRBI director Aisling Corcoran.  Interviewing took place on Monday and Tuesday against the backdrop of Brexit negotiations and the government has been credited with approaching the negotiations with clarity and determination.  ",1
12890,Netanyahu sees 'many' nations following U.S. move on Jerusalem,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Thursday many countries would follow the United States in recognising Jerusalem as Israel s capital and contacts were underway. Wednesday s announcement by U.S. President Donald Trump reversed decades of peace-making policy on Jerusalem, which both Israelis and Palestinians claim, and drew censure from many countries, among them key allies of Washington.  I would like to announce that we are already in contact with other countries which will issue a similar recognition,  Netanyahu said in a speech at Israel s Foreign Ministry. He did not name any of these countries. The United States plans to open an embassy in Jerusalem, a move it says could take three to four years. The U.S. Embassy is currently in Tel Aviv, Israel s economic hub, as are those of other countries.  I have no doubt that the moment the American Embassy moves to Jerusalem, and even before then, there will be a movement of many embassies to Jerusalem. The time has come,  Netanyahu said. Palestinian Islamist group Hamas called on Thursday for a new uprising against Israel after Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as the Israeli capital. ",1
12891,Syrian govt delegation to return to Geneva on Sunday for peace talks: SANA,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s negotiating team is set to arrive in Geneva on Sunday to participate in peace talks, Syria s state news agency SANA reported on Thursday, quoting a foreign ministry source. The delegation, led by Bashar al-Ja afari, walked out last week and returned to Damascus. Negotiations resumed on Wednesday without the Syrian government delegation. The talks began last week and after a few days with little apparent progress, the U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura said that the government delegation was returning to Damascus to  consult and refresh . The government delegation blamed its departure on the opposition s uncompromising stance on Assad s future. Last month, the opposition drew up a statement in a meeting in Riyadh that rejected any future role for Assad in Syria. During last week s sessions, de Mistura shuttled between the representatives of the two warring sides, who did not meet face-to-face. He had planned to continue the round until Dec. 15. The opposition negotiating team arrived at the U.N. offices in Geneva on Wednesday morning to resume talks with de Mistura. France accused the Syrian government on Wednesday of obstructing the peace talks with its refusal to return to Geneva and called on Russia not to shrink its responsibilities to get Damascus to the negotiating table. ",1
12892,Two U.S. B-1B bombers join U.S.-South Korean military drills,"(Reuters) - Two U.S. B-1B bombers took part in joint U.S.-South Korean military drills on Thursday, an official at Seoul s defense ministry told Reuters, exercises which North Korea has said are taking the peninsula to the brink of nuclear war.  The planes, which scrambled from a U.S. air base in Guam, joined some 20 fighter aircraft of the two countries which have been staging a large-scale aerial exercise in South Korea since Monday, the official said. One bomber joined the exercises on Wednesday.  ",1
12893,"Iraq demands U.S. backtrack on Jerusalem, militia says troops a target","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq demanded on Thursday that the U.S. government backtrack on a decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital to avoid fuelling terrorism, and a prominent Iraqi militia said the decision was a reason to attack U.S. troops. President Donald Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy on Wednesday and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, imperiling Middle East peace efforts and upsetting the Arab world and Western allies alike.  We caution against the dangerous repercussions of this  decision on the stability of the region and the world,  an Iraqi government statement said.   The U.S. administration has to backtrack on this decision to stop any dangerous escalation that would fuel extremism and create conditions favorable to terrorism,  it said. The Iran-backed Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba said Trump s decision could become a  legitimate reason  to attack U.S. forces in Iraq.  Trump s stupid decision to make Jerusalem a capital for the Zionist will be the big spark for removing this entity from the body of the Islamic nation, and a legitimate reason to target American forces,  said the group s leader Akram al-Kaabi. The U.S. is leading an international coalition helping Iraq fight Islamic State and has provided key air and ground support. It has more than 5,000 troops deployed to Iraq. Nujaba, which has about 10,000 fighters, is one of the most important militias in Iraq. Though made up of Iraqis, it is loyal to Iran and is helping Tehran create a supply route through Iraq to Damascus. It fights under the umbrella of the Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF), a mostly Iranian-backed coalition of Shi ite militias that played a role in combating Islamic State. The PMF is government sanctioned and formally reports to Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s office. ",1
12894,Britons who join Islamic State should be hunted and killed: defence minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britons who have joined the Islamic State militant group in Syria and Iraq should be hunted down and killed, Britain s new defence minister said. Gavin Williamson said that Britons who had gone to Syria or Iraq to fight for Islamic State hated what Britain stands for, and that air strikes could be used against the estimated 270 British citizens who are still out there.  Quite simply my view is a dead terrorist can t cause any harm to Britain,  Williamson told the Daily Mail in an interview published late on Wednesday.  We should do everything we can do to destroy and eliminate that threat,  he said, adding that he believed any British fighters who joined Islamic State should never be allowed to return to the United Kingdom. Williamson, 41, has been defence minister for little over a month, replacing Michael Fallon after he quit in a sexual harassment scandal. Prominent British militants such as Mohammed Emwazi, known as Jihadi John, and Sally Jones, have been reportedly killed by British or U.S. forces since travelling to fight for Islamic State. After the death of Jones, who was known as the  White Widow , Fallon said that British nationals who chose to leave the UK and fight for Islamic State were a  legitimate target . ",1
12895,Pro-Iran Iraqi militia says Jerusalem decision could make U.S. troops a target,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A prominent Iraqi militia backed by Iran, Harakat Hezbollah al- Nujaba, said on Thursday U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital could become a  legitimate reason  to attack U.S. forces in Iraq.  Trump s stupid decision ... will be the big spark for removing this entity (Israel) from the body of the Islamic nation, and a legitimate reason to target American forces,  the group s leader Akram al-Kaabi said in a statement. ",1
12896,UAE denounces U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital: agency,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates has denounced the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, state news agency WAM reported on Thursday, citing a foreign ministry statement.  The ministry expressed deep concern over the repercussions  of this decision on the region s stability as it inflames the emotions of the Arab and Muslim people due to the status of Jerusalem in the conscience of Arabs and Muslims,  the statement added. ",1
12897,Turkey's Erdogan says U.S. decision on Jerusalem disregards United Nations,ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday the United States  decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital completely disregarded a 1980 United Nations resolution regarding the status of the city. Erdogan also said the decision would throw the region into a  ring of fire . He was speaking to supporters at the airport in Ankara before departing to Greece for an official visit. ,1
12898,"Russia's Putin, pulling no surprises, says he'll seek re-election","NIZHNY NOVGOROD/MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin confirmed Russia s worst kept political secret on Wednesday, saying he would run for re-election in March 2018 - a contest he seems sure to win comfortably and extend his grip on power into a third decade. Putin, 65, has been in power, either as president or prime minister, since 2000, longer than veteran Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and outstripped only by dictator Josef Stalin. If he wins what would be a fourth presidential term, he will be eligible to serve another six years until 2024, when he turns 72. Backed by state TV, Putin regularly enjoys approval ratings of around 80 percent, and his decision to run for re-election   which he announced at a car-making factory in the Volga river city of Nizhny Novgorod   was widely expected.     I will put forward my candidacy for the post of president of the Russian Federation,  Putin said, in answer to a question from a factory worker who told the Russian leader that  everyone without exception  in the hall supported him.  There s no better place or opportunity to make this announcement,  said Putin.  I m sure that everything will work out for us.  The workers then broke into a chant of  Russia!   Allies laud Putin as a father-of-the-nation figure who has restored national pride and expanded Moscow s global clout with interventions in Syria and Ukraine. Critics accuse him of overseeing a corrupt authoritarian system and of illegally annexing Ukraine s Crimea in 2014, a move that isolated Russia internationally. Opposition leader Alexei Navalny, who is unlikely to be allowed to run against Putin due to what he says is a trumped up criminal conviction, said Putin was overstaying his welcome.  He wants to be in power for 21 years,  Navalny wrote on social media.  To my mind, that s too long. I suggest we don t agree.  Despite the Central Election Commission ruling him ineligible to stand, Navalny has organized mass protests and set up campaign headquarters across the country, hoping he can pressure the authorities into allowing him to stand.  The challenge for Putin though is not other candidates   nobody, including Navalny, looks capable of unseating him.  Instead, his toughest task will be to mobilize an electorate showing signs of apathy to ensure a high turnout which in the tightly-controlled limits of the Russian political system is seen as conferring legitimacy. Whilst next year s election in March is devoid of real suspense about who will win, what follows is more unpredictable as attention will turn to what happens after Putin s final term - under the current constitution - ends. There is no obvious successor. Many investors say the lack of a clear succession plan, and likely jockeying for position among Russian elites for dominance in the post-Putin era, is becoming the biggest political risk. Putin, once re-elected, will have to choose whether to leave Dmitry Medvedev as prime minister, or to appoint someone else. That decision will trigger a round of intrigue over the succession, as whoever holds the prime minister s post is often viewed as the president s heir apparent. In the meantime, perhaps the Kremlin s biggest task will be to make it look as if Putin faces real electoral competition. In a move critics suspect is a Kremlin ploy to split the liberal opposition vote while injecting a patina of interest, TV celebrity Ksenia Sobchak, the daughter of Putin s political mentor, is standing against him, offering voters unhappy with his rule someone to back. A political ing nue, Sobchak has scant chance of winning. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov has denied her candidacy is a Kremlin ploy. Sobchak said on Wednesday that Putin would probably win  as always,  but that she still planned to run to represent people who wanted change.    Otherwise, Communist leader Gennady Zyuganov, 73, and nationalist firebrand Vladimir Zhirinovsky, 71, - both political retreads - are likely to run.  They are broadly supportive of the Kremlin s policies and have repeatedly run for president, behavior critics say is a ruse to create the illusion of genuine political choice.      Putin draws much of his support from outside the two biggest cities   Moscow and St Petersburg   where many credit him with raising their living standards despite an economic crisis Russia is only now recovering from. State TV, where many Russians still get their news, affords Putin blanket and uncritical coverage while ignoring or denigrating his opponents. ",1
12899,"Israel hails Trump's 'historic' declaration, Palestinians condemn","JERUSALEM/RAMALLAH (Reuters) - Israel hailed U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as its capital on Wednesday, but the Palestinians condemned the move and said it diminished Washington s role as a peace mediator. In a landmark speech in Washington, Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy in defiance of warnings from around the world that the gesture risked creating further unrest in the Middle East. Past U.S. presidents have insisted that the status of Jerusalem - home to sites holy to the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions - must be decided in negotiations between the two sides. Palestinian factions called a general strike on Thursday throughout the occupied West Bank, the Gaza Strip and Palestinian areas of Jerusalem and for rallies to be held at midday (1000 GMT) in protest at Trump s move, raising the chances of violent clashes. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a pre-recorded video message that Trump s decision had made for a  historic day  and was  an important step toward peace .     He added that any peace deal with the Palestinians would have to include Jerusalem as Israel s capital and he urged other countries to follow the U.S. lead by also moving their embassies to the city. He said there would be no change to access to Jerusalem s holy sites.  Israel will always ensure freedom of worship for Jews, Christians, and Muslims alike.  But Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Trump s move was  tantamount to the United States abdicating its role as a peace mediator  and declared Jerusalem as the  eternal capital of the State of Palestine . Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war. It later annexed it, declaring the whole of the city as its capital, a move not recognized internationally. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state which they want to establish in the Israeli-occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip.  With this announcement, the American administration has chosen to violate all international and bilateral agreements and resolutions and it has chosen to violate international consensus,  Abbas said. The move, he said, would serve  the extremist groups which try to turn the conflict in our region into a religious war that will drag the region ... into international conflicts and endless wars.  Israeli-Palestinian peace talks have been frozen since 2014. Trump s adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, is leading Trump s efforts to restart them but those efforts have shown little progress. Israel s West Bank settlement building has been one of the main obstacles. Palestinian Islamist group Hamas, which dominates the Gaza Strip, said Trump s move was  flagrant aggression against the Palestinian people  and urged Arabs and Muslims to  undermine the U.S. s interests in the region  and to  shun Israel.  ",1
12900,Jordan rejects Trump's move on Jerusalem as legally 'null',"AMMAN (Reuters) - Jordan on Wednesday rejected the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, calling it legally  null  because it consolidated Israel s occupation of the eastern sector of the contested city. Government spokesman Mohammad al-Momani told state news agency Petra that the announcement by U.S. President Donald Trump violated long-standing U.N. Security Council resolutions that  stipulated the non-recognition of the Israeli occupation  of the city s eastern sector and the adjacent West Bank.  The staunch U.S. ally considered  all unilateral moves that seek to create new facts on the ground as null and void , the spokesman added. Foreign Minister Ayman Safadi said later in a tweet that the move  frustrated  peace efforts, adding that the status of Jerusalem must be  determined in direct negotiations  between the Palestinians and Israelis.  Jordan rejects the decision and all its implications and will continue to work for an independent Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as its capital,  Safadi added. Jordan lost East Jerusalem and the West Bank to Israel during the 1967 war and says the city s fate should only be decided at the end of a final settlement. Palestinians claim East Jerusalem for the capital of a future state. Israel regards Jerusalem as its eternal and indivisible capital. Jordan s King Abdullah warned of the repercussions of Trump s expected move in talks last week in Washington with top administration officials and warned of a backlash across the Middle East.  The king s Hashemite dynasty is the custodian of the Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem, making Jordan sensitive to any changes in the status of the city. A government source said Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas was due to hold talks with the monarch on Thursday in a  stepped-up diplomatic offensive to counter Trump s plan. Several protests broke out in areas of Jordan s capital, Amman, inhabited by Palestinian refugees in response to Trump s announcement. Youths chanted anti-American slogans in Amman, while in the Baqaa refugee camp on the city s outskirts, hundreds of youths roamed the streets denouncing Trump and calling on Jordan s government to scrap its 1994 peace treaty with Israel.  Down with America. America is the mother of terror,  they chanted. Jordanian deputies in a special parliamentary session on Wednesday condemned the move and urged the government to expel the U.S. ambassador and boycott U.S. goods. A dozen activists staged a sit-in near the gates of the U.S. embassy. Many people in Jordan are descendants of Palestinian refugees whose families left after the creation of Israel in 1948. Jordan s powerful mainstream Islamist movement, the country s largest political party and opposition group, said it would stage several major rallies across the country in the next few days and after Friday prayers. ",1
12901,Palestinians switch off Christmas lights in Bethlehem in anti-Trump protest,"RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians switched off Christmas lights at Jesus  traditional birthplace in Bethlehem on Wednesday night in protest at U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. A Christmas tree adorned with lights outside Bethlehem s Church of the Nativity, where Christians believe Jesus was born, and another in Ramallah, next to the burial site of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, were plunged into darkness.  The Christmas tree was switched off on the order of the mayor today in protest at Trump s decision,  said Fady Ghattas, Bethlehem s municipal media officer.  He said it was unclear whether the illuminations would be turned on again before the main Christmas festivities. In a speech in Washington, Trump said he had decided to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and move the U.S. embassy to the city. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Trump s move  marked the beginning of a new approach to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and said it was an  historic landmark . Arabs and Muslims across the Middle East condemned the U.S. decision, calling it an incendiary move in a volatile region and the European Union and United Nations also voiced alarm at the possible repercussions for any chances of reviving Israeli-Palestinian peacemaking. ",1
12902,Saudi Arabia condemns Trump decision to recognize Jerusalem as capital of Israel,CAIRO (Reuters) - The kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Thursday condemned the decision by U.S. President Donald Trump to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.  The Saudi Royal Court issued a statement saying that the kingdom followed  with deep sorrow  Trump s decision and warned of  dangerous consequences of moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem . The statement also urged the U.S. administration to reverse its decision and adhere to international will.       Saudi Arabia described the decision as an  unjustified and irresponsible step  and said it represents  a bias against rights of Palestinian people .  Saudi Arabia also said the move represents  a big step back in efforts to advance the peace process  and said it was  a violation of the U.S. Neutral position regarding Jerusalem .  ,1
12903,India's Modi fights to protect home base in election,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi was in the final phase of campaigning on Thursday to retain power in his home state and stave off the most serious challenge yet from a combined opposition. The election for a new legislature in the western state of Gujarat this weekend is turning out to be a greater challenge for Modi than anticipated, the polls show, as rival parties seize on discontent caused by a slowing economy. Gujarat is where Modi earned his spurs as a business-friendly chief minister who cut red tape and graft and turned it into an economic powerhouse. But an unpopular national tax and a shock move last year to withdraw most currency in a fight against graft has hurt Gujarat, like the rest of the country, and its businessmen are making loud complaints.  Three big polls carried out in the run-up to the vote on Saturday and next week have predicted a victory for Modi s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) but with a greatly reduced majority.  An ABP-CDS poll this week gave the BJP 91-99 seats in the 182-member state house and the main opposition Congress 78-86, suggesting a close fight. To win a party needs 92 seats.  The surveys have often gone wrong, though, and Modi himself remains far more popular across the country than his rivals including Rahul Gandhi who is leading the Congress charge to weaken Modi in his home base.  Modi has thrown himself into the campaign, addressing dozens of rallies over the past month, saying he alone could deliver on development. On Thursday, he was due to address party colleagues on their mobile phones to ensure a strong voter turnout. Amit Shah, the president of the BJP, said the party had full confidence in Modi s ability to deliver an emphatic victory.  He knows that only an absolute majority in Gujarat polls will legitimize his reforms and silence critics,  Shah said. Votes from the election will be counted on Dec.18 and the results announced the same day. Gujarati businesses - who form the core of Modi s support base - have complained about the new Goods and Services Tax as aggravating tough economic conditions. Jagdip Desai, a sanitary ware manufacturer, said the complex tax procedures had come on top of slowing demand and he had to fire 3,000 workers.    Modi will have to pay a political price for our financial distress.   ",1
12904,ITER nuclear fusion project faces delay over Trump budget cuts,"PARIS (Reuters) - ITER, an international project to build a prototype nuclear fusion reactor in southern France, said it is facing delays if the Trump administration does not reconsider budget cuts. Seven partners - Europe, the United States, China, India, Japan, Russia and South Korea - launched the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER) 10 years ago but the project has experienced years of delays and budget overruns. ITER hopes to generate power from a process similar to the nuclear fusion that powers the sun, unlike existing nuclear reactors that produce energy by splitting atoms. ITER Director-General Bernard Bigot, in Washington for talks with the U.S. administration, said the U.S. 2017 contribution had been cut from a planned $105 million to $50 million and its 2018 contribution from a planned $120 million to $63 million. The United States has already spent about $1 billion on the prototype reactor and was scheduled to contribute up to another $1.5 billion through 2025, when ITER is scheduled to run a first operational test.  If we do not respect deadlines in the beginning, we cannot respect them in the end,  Bigot told Reuters by telephone. Bigot said that following a letter from French President Emmanuel Macron to President Donald Trump in August, Trump had asked his administration to reconsider the issue.   We hope for a decision this weekend or this week,  he said.  If the U.S. does not provide the necessary funds in 2018, then there will be an impact on the entire project,  he added.  Earlier this year, ITER s total budget was revised upwards from 18 to 22 billion euros ($21-26 billion), with a U.S. share of nine percent. The Trump administration is conducting a review of civilian nuclear policy, including research and development, which will inform U.S. policy toward ITER in the future, said Shaylyn Hynes, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Energy.  U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry has told Macron that  we understand the history and the scale of the project,  she said.  Bigot said that after Trump cut the U.S. energy department s budget, the department reduced funding for the U.S. companies making ITER components.  ITER member countries finance the manufacturing of ITER components via their own national companies. The parts are then shipped to France and assembled on ITER s Cadarache, southern France site. ITER s main U.S. supplier is California-based General Atomics, which is building its central solenoid, an 18-metre tall pillar-like magnet that will be one of the first components to be installed by 2020. The project is now half way towards the first test of its super-heated plasma by 2025 and first full-power fusion by 2035.  ITER says nuclear fusion will not produce nuclear waste like traditional nuclear power plants and will be much safer to operate.  But the challenges of replicating the sun s fusion on earth are enormous and critics say that it remains unclear whether the technology will work and can eventually be commercially viable. ",1
12905,"Girding Malaysian ruling party for election, Najib rallies Muslims over Jerusalem","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak called on Muslims worldwide to strongly oppose any recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, as he rallied his party ahead of a tough election due next year. Muslim majority Malaysia, a significant U.S. ally in Southeast Asia, warned of grave repercussions as it joined other countries condemning President Donald Trump s decision on Wednesday to reverse decades of U.S. policy and recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.  How can we accept that?  Najib said in his speech at an annual gathering of the ruling United Malay National Organisation (UMNO) party in Kuala Lumpur.      I call on all Muslims across the world to let your voices be heard, make it clear that we strongly oppose any recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital for all time.  The opposition Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS) said it would hold a protest outside the U.S. Embassy on Friday to condemn the decision. Dogged by a long-running multi-billion dollar scandal at state fund that he founded, Najib is expected to court Muslim sensibilities as he seeks a third term in next year s election, though the strategy could lose votes for his coalition partners from Malaysia s sizable Chinese and Indian minorities.  At this father of all elections, we will fight to the end,  Najib said, leading three cheers of  God is Great  from the thousands of UMNO delegates in the conference hall. Najib s greatest challenge is expected to come from an opposition alliance that has re-grouped under 93-year-old Mahathir Mohamad -  who led Malaysia for 22 years - and charismatic leader Anwar Ibrahim, rather than from the Islamists. Observers still expect Najib to steer UMNO and the multi-racial Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition to victory despite the controversy over state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB). Najib has denied any wrongdoing in a scandal that is being investigated in at least six countries including Switzerland, Singapore and the United States. On Monday, U.S. attorney-general Jeff Sessions described the Malaysian graft case as the worst form of kleptocracy, and said the U.S. Department of Justice (DoJ) was working to provide justice to the victims.  Holding onto power, Najib has purged dissent among the 3.4 million members of UMNO, clamped down on media and civil society, and blocked a damaging internal probe on him related to graft at 1MDB. ",1
12906,Indonesia condemns U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israeli capital,"Bogor, INDONESIA (Reuters) - Indonesian President Joko Widodo, leader of the world s largest Muslim-majority nation, onThursday condemned the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  Indonesia strongly condemns the United States  unilateral recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and asks the U.S. to reconsider the decision,  Widodo told a news conference.  This can rock global security and stability,  he said. ",1
12907,Mexico senators propose law change to curb presidential impunity,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A group of Mexican opposition senators proposed a constitutional reform on Wednesday that would enable a sitting president to face trial for corruption for up to three years after leaving office, in a bid to bolster the fight against graft. Mechanisms exist under the constitution to prosecute public officials, from senators to state governors and supreme court judges, via impeachment and removal from office. However, the constitution does not provide for impeachment of the president and mandates that the incumbent can only be put on trial for treason and serious crimes, such as murder.  You can t even touch the president with a rose petal,  said Juan Carlos Romero Hicks, a member of the center-right National Action Party and one of five senators behind the initiative. The proposal sets out changes in the constitution that would allow a serving president to be impeached and face trial for  acts of corruption  and other crimes. The president would also be liable for any crimes committed in office for up to three years after leaving the job. Public discontent over corruption has become a major issue in the run-up to the July 2018 presidential election. Graft scandals within the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), and allegations of conflict of interest surrounding President Enrique Pena Nieto and several top aides, have battered the credibility of Mexico s highest office. Those in favor of preserving existing protections argue they are necessary to prevent political witch-hunts after changes of power in Mexico, where the president cannot seek re-election. The PRI is the strongest party in Congress, making the proposal unlikely to prosper without support across the aisle. ",1
12908,Malaysian PM Najib urges Muslims to strongly oppose Jerusalem as Israel's capital,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak called on Muslims everywhere to strongly oppose any recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. President Donald Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, a move that was condemned by the Muslim countries across the world.  I call on all Muslims across the world to let your voices be heard, make it clear that we strongly oppose any recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital for all time,  Najib said in his speech at an annual gathering of the ruling party in Kuala Lumpur.     ",1
12909,Senior North Korean diplomat meets U.N. political affairs chief,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea s vice foreign minister met visiting U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman on Wednesday in the North Korean capital, Pyongyang, the North s state media said.  The North Korean official, Pak Myong Guk, and Feltman discussed bilateral cooperation and other issues of mutual interest, the KCNA news agency reported. Feltman, a former senior U.S. State Department official, is the highest-level U.N. official to visit North Korea since 2012. ",1
12910,Nepal votes in final round of polls at the end of long democratic transition,"KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepalis began voting in the final round of parliamentary elections on Thursday, a key step to complete a near decade-long democratic transition after the abolition of the centuries-old monarchy and the end of a civil war against Maoist guerrillas. The first phase of the election was held on Nov. 26, with final results not expected for about another 10 days because of the cumbersome vote-counting procedure, officials said. Officials said more than 200,000 soldiers and police had been deployed to maintain security at polling centers after one person was killed and dozens wounded in a series of small blasts in the run-up to the polls.  Hundreds of activists, including from a splinter group of Maoists opposed to the election, have been detained for creating trouble,  army spokesman Nain Raj Dahal said. More than 15 million people were eligible to vote for the  275-member parliament - 165 through first-past-the-post and 110 on a proportional basis in both rounds. Voters will also choose representatives to seven state assemblies for the first time since Nepal became a federal democracy under the first republican constitution in 2015.  The country will achieve political stability after the election ... and will move ahead solidly on the path of economic and social prosperity,  President Bidhya Devi Bhandari said in a statement. Nepal has seen 10 government changes in as many years. Instability has given rise to corruption, retarded growth and slowed recovery from a 2015 earthquake that killed 9,000 people.  I voted in hopes for a stable government that can concentrate on development and create jobs so our children don t have to go abroad to work,  Binita Karki, 57, said after casting her ballots in a Kathmandu suburb, where armed soldiers stood nearby. Her son works on a construction site in Qatar. The election pits the centrist Nepali Congress party of Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba, who heads a loose alliance  that includes the Madhesi parties from Nepal s southern plains and former royalists, against a tight-knit alliance of former Maoists and the moderate Communist UML party. The Nepali Congress party is considered a pro-India group, while the opposition alliance is seen as closer to China. Nepal is a natural buffer between the two and the outcome could indicate whether China or India gets the upper hand in the battle for influence in a nation rich in hydropower and home to Mount Everest. Nepal emerged from a civil war in 2006 and abolished its 239-year-old Hindu monarchy two years later. ",1
12911,U.S. to deny visas to Cambodian officials over opposition crackdown,"WASHINGTON/PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - The United States said on Wednesday it would restrict entry to people involved in the Cambodian government s actions to undermine democracy, including the dissolution of the main opposition party and imprisonment of its leader. The visa sanctions were the toughest steps by any Western country since a crackdown on critics of Prime Minister Hun Sen ahead of an election next year in which the authoritarian leader seeks to extend more than three decades in power.  We call on the Cambodian government to reverse course by reinstating the political opposition, releasing Kem Sokha, and allowing civil society and media to resume their constitutionally protected activities,  the State Department said in a statement.  The secretary of state will restrict entry into the United States of those individuals involved in undermining democracy in Cambodia. In certain circumstances, family members of those individuals will also be subject to visa restrictions,  it  added.  Cambodia s Supreme Court dissolved the main opposition party, the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), last month at the government s request. Kem Sokha was arrested for allegedly plotting to overthrow the government with U.S. help. He has rejected the accusation as a political ploy. The dissolution of the CNRP has been condemned by some Western countries as the most serious blow to democracy since an international peace deal and U.N.-run elections in the early 1990s ended decades of war and genocide. Cambodia s government condemned the visa restrictions announced by Washington.  This statement shows that the United States is destroying democracy,  government spokesman Phay Siphan told Reuters, saying that the actions against the opposition had been legal and took place through the courts and parliament.  The CNRP are not politicians, they are rebels and terrorists,  he said.     The United States said after the banning of the CNRP that the election  will not be legitimate, free or fair,  and withdrew an offer to help fund it. The European Union has raised the possibility of withdrawing trade preferences which are vital for the garment industry that accounted for well over 60 percent of Cambodia s exports last year. Hun Sen has dismissed Western pressure and built closer ties to China, while opposing U.S. efforts to rally Southeast Asian countries to stand up to Beijing s expanding power in the region. Earlier on Wednesday, Hun Sen accused Sam Rainsy, who stepped down as CNRP leader earlier this year in a bid to forestall a ban on the party, of committing treason by inciting soldiers to defy orders. Hun Sen said Rainsy, who lives in exile in France, would face new legal action over the comments.     ",1
12912,OAS may request new Honduras election to correct 'irregularities',"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The Organization of American States (OAS) said on Wednesday it may call for new Honduran elections if any  irregularities  undermine the credibility of results in last month s disputed vote that has sparked a crisis in the Central American nation. In a statement, the OAS also called for an immediate return of constitutional rights such as freedom of movement. The Honduran government imposed a curfew last week when protests erupted over the vote count in the Nov. 26 presidential election, which has been tarnished by allegations of electoral fraud. The statement, released by OAS Secretary General Luis Almagro, said the election result was not yet certain, and measures including a partial recount should be undertaken to clarify the outcome and restore credibility.  It is clear that it is not possible, without an exhaustive and meticulous process of verification that determines the existence or not of an electoral fraud ... to restore the confidence of the population,  the statement said.  Official results showed Honduras  conservative President Juan Orlando Hernandez with a narrow 1.6 percentage point lead over center-left opposition leader Salvador Nasralla. However, no victor has yet been declared by the election tribunal. Nasralla on Wednesday evening called for an international arbiter to oversee the recount, saying he no longer recognized the Honduran tribunal because of its role in the process.  If we hadn t had international participation, we would truly be in the law of the jungle,  he said. David Matamoros, head of the country s electoral tribunal, told reporters that the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship, which Nasralla fronts, must still deliver its voting tally sheets and documentation so the tribunal can review the election results. Then the tribunal will discuss the OAS recommendations and what can be done to implement them, Matamoros added. When asked about the possibility of a new election, Matamoros said if the complaints about the process are borne out,  the whole issue of the vote will need to be revalidated.  However, this would only be possible if the tribunal was in a position to review all the tally sheets, he added. Eight Latin American governments said in a joint statement on Wednesday they supported the tribunal s decision to hold a total recount of the disputed ballots, and urged Hondurans to remain calm while awaiting final results. Uruguay was added to a list of seven originally issued by Mexico s foreign ministry. Nasralla has demanded a recount and encouraged his supporters to protest, triggering demonstrations. At least 14 people - including two police - have died in the protests, according to a human rights group in Honduras known as COFADEH. Hernandez s center-right National Party said it would hold a march in Tegucigalpa on Thursday to show solidarity with the president, pledging a turnout in the thousands. The U.S. State Department on Wednesday advised U.S. citizens to delay or cancel unnecessary travel to mainland Honduras  due to ongoing political protests and the potential for violence.  The election results also show Hernandez s National Party winning the most seats in Congress. But third-placed presidential candidate Luis Zelaya, of the Liberal Party, said on Wednesday that irregularities in the vote had polluted the results for legislators as well as the presidency, and reiterated that Nasralla had won the top job. He did not specify what the alleged irregularities were but said his party would share its copies of ballot sheets, including those disputed by the opposition, with the OAS.  On Tuesday, Nasralla said the electoral tribunal should review virtually all the ballots. If the tribunal was unwilling to do that, he proposed a run-off between himself and Hernandez, something not allowed for under Honduran law.  Hernandez, who as president has won praise from the United States for his crackdown on violent street gangs, has not claimed victory in broadcast comments in recent days and indicated on Wednesday that his party would support a recount. ",1
12913,Latin American countries say support Honduran recount,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Seven Latin American governments said on Wednesday that they supported the decision by Honduras  electoral tribunal to proceed with a total recount of disputed ballots in the country s Nov. 28 election.  Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Guatemala, Mexico, Paraguay and Peru expressed the position in a statement issued by Mexico s foreign ministry.  We urge Honduran citizens to wait in a peaceful manner for the vote recount,  the statement said. ",1
12914,Exclusive: U.S. asks Israel to restrain response to Jerusalem move - document,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is asking Israel to temper its response to the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as its capital because Washington expects a backlash and is weighing the potential threat to U.S. facilities and people, according to a State Department document seen by Reuters on Wednesday.  While I recognize that you will publicly welcome this news, I ask that you restrain your official response,  the document dated Dec. 6 said in talking points for diplomats at the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv to convey to Israeli officials.  We expect there to be resistance to this news in the Middle East and around the world. We are still judging the impact this decision will have on U.S. facilities and personnel overseas,  the document said. A second State Department document seen by Reuters, which was also dated Dec. 6, said the agency had formed an internal task force  to track worldwide developments  following the U.S. decision on Jerusalem.  A U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity said it was standard to set up a task force  any time there is a concern about the safety and security of U.S. government personnel or U.S. citizens.  The State Department had no immediate comment on either document. Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy by recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, imperiling Middle East peace efforts and upsetting U.S. friends and adversaries alike. The first document also laid out talking points for officials at the U.S. Consulate General in Jerusalem, the U.S. Embassies in London, Paris, Berlin and Rome and the U.S. mission to the European Union in Brussels.  In its message for the European capitals, the document asked European officials to argue that Trump s decision did not prejudge so-called  final status  issues that Israel and the Palestinians need to hammer out in any peace agreement.  You are in a key position to influence international reaction to this announcement and we are asking you to amplify the reality that Jerusalem is still a final status issue between Israelis and Palestinians and that the parties must resolve the dimensions of Israel s sovereignty in Jerusalem during their negotiations,  it said.  You know that this is a unique Administration. It makes bold moves. But it is bold moves that are going to be needed if peace efforts are finally going to be successful,  it said. The status of Jerusalem, home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions, is one of the biggest obstacles to reaching an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent state of their own to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally. ",1
12915,Somali man found guilty in kidnapping of Canadian journalist,"(Reuters) - A Somali national has been convicted in an Ontario court for his role in the 2008 kidnapping of Canadian Amanda Lindhout, who was held captive in Somalia for 460 days and released only after her family paid a ransom, Canadian media reported on Wednesday. Ali Omar Ader, 40, was found guilty of one charge of hostage-taking for his role as negotiator for the kidnappers, in a decision handed down on Wednesday in Ontario Superior Court in Ottawa. Lindhout, a freelance journalist, was taken hostage in Somalia on Aug. 23, 2008, along with Australian photographer Nigel Brennan, while working on a story. They were released for ransom in November 2009.    Ader was lured to Canada from Somalia in 2015 and arrested in Ottawa as part of a sting operation by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in which an officer posed as a publisher interested in a book Ader was writing on Somalia, according to court documents. Prosecutors argued that Ader had been the main spokesman for the hostage-takers, negotiating first with Lindhout s mother and later with a private consultant hired by the families of Lindhout and Brennan. According to court documents, he referred to himself as  a commander  and repeatedly threatened that the hostages would be harmed or killed unless the ransom was paid. During his trial, Ader said that he too had been kidnapped by the group holding Lindhout captive, and was forced to act as their spokesman, as he spoke some English.  In his ruling, Justice Robert Smith said Ader s claims were  completely unbelievable,  numerous Canadian media outlets reported. Reuters has not read the ruling. Ader faces up to life in prison. Sentencing in the case is not expected until next year. Lindhout has said she was repeatedly sexually and physically assaulted during her captivity, and both she and Brennan have said they were tortured and starved.  In 2013, Lindhout recounted her experience in the book  A House in the Sky.  ",1
12916,Push by evangelicals helped set stage for Trump decision on Jerusalem,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An intense and sustained push by U.S. evangelicals helped drive President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and eventually relocate the U.S. embassy there, activists said on Wednesday.  While Trump had long pledged to move the embassy, the Republican president s conservative Christian advisers repeatedly pressed the case in regular meetings at the White House, the conservative activists said.  I have no doubt that evangelicals played a meaningful role in this decision,  said Johnnie Moore, a California pastor who serves as a spokesman for a council of leading evangelicals that advises the White House.  I don t believe it would have happened without them.  The White House did not respond to requests for comment. Many U.S. evangelicals have expressed strong solidarity with conservatives in Israel and feel a connection rooted in the Bible to the Jewish state.        Conservative Christians have long argued that formally recognizing Jerusalem, home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions, was long overdue following a 1995 congressional mandate to move the embassy from Tel Aviv. In Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, they found their most sympathetic audience. Activists  efforts included an email campaign launched by the group My Faith Votes. The group is chaired by Mike Huckabee, the former Republican presidential candidate and father of Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary. The group posted a form on its website and urged people to contact the White House to press for recognition of Jerusalem as the capital. Another evangelical group, American Christian Leaders for Israel, which includes conservative activists Gary Bauer and Penny Nance, sent a letter to Trump warning that time was of the essence in moving the embassy. Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital was  criticized by Palestinian leaders and others in the international community, who fear it will spark unrest in the region. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state. No other country has its embassy in Jerusalem.  In June, Trump, like Presidents Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama before him, signed a waiver delaying the embassy move to Jerusalem in the hope of boosting his nascent efforts at brokering a peace accord between Israel and the Palestinians. With a deadline approaching for another such waiver, evangelical advocates saw a window to increase the pressure. American Christian Leaders for Israel, in the letter to Trump posted on its website, said they were  gravely concerned that with every passing day it will become more difficult to move the embassy and if you do not do it now, it may never happen.  Trump first convened a circle of evangelical advisers during his presidential campaign, and he was the overwhelming favorite of white evangelical voters in last year s election.     Moore, a member of the evangelical group advising the administration, said a prominent Christian conservative was in the White House just about every day. Much of the access comes through the Office of Public Liaison and its deputy director, Jennifer Korn, whose portfolio includes faith groups.  I ve sat in many meetings with evangelicals in the White House since the administration began, and I can tell you this issue came up again and again and again,  Moore said. He said evangelicals made it clear to the White House that it was a priority of theirs and they wanted action soon. Jerry Falwell Jr., president of Liberty University and a close Trump adviser, said he had never talked to the president about the issue but had received emails from other leading evangelicals in the past several days  asking me to support this or tweet that, and try to get the word out.   The faith community has talked to the administration for months and months about the need to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel,  said Robert Jeffress, pastor at First Baptist Church in Dallas and an evangelical adviser to Trump.  But the fact is, we didn t have to do any convincing of this administration. This was a campaign promise that President Trump was happy to keep because he feels that way,  Jeffress said in a telephone interview with Reuters on Wednesday.  ",1
12917,Venezuela's Ramirez attacks efforts to link him to corruption,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Venezuela s former oil czar Rafael Ramirez said on Wednesday the government would make one of its  worst political moves  if investigators target him in an anti-corruption purge, which is gaining traction ahead of the country s 2018 presidential election. Friction between Ramirez and President Nicolas Maduro reflect growing rifts in the Socialist Party once firmly united under late Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez. This comes amid a deep economic recession and financial sanctions imposed by the United States on what it considers a  dictatorship.   Ramirez, who spoke with Reuters from an undisclosed location after being pushed out last week as Venezuela s ambassador to the United Nations, said he is waiting for the right time to return to his country. The 54-year-old engineer also said he has not yet decided if he will launch a run in the 2018 Venezuelan presidential election, in which Maduro is expected to seek another term.  Ramirez, who led state-run oil company PDVSA for a decade under Chavez, said he has not been approached by Venezuelan or U.S. prosecutors investigating corruption cases linked to PDVSA and its subsidiaries. Some of those probes focus on incidents that occurred under his watch as one of Chavez  longest serving officials.  I have not been involved in any act of corruption. I have been very careful to follow internal control mechanisms,  he said. Thus far, the expanding corruption probe by the state prosecutor s office has resulted in authorities accusing over 100 people, including two former PDVSA presidents who also served as oil ministers under Maduro. Ramirez said he is prepared to fight back if investigators target him or his close family, some of whom served as advisors of the Venezuelan government in international arbitration cases.  That scenario would be offbeat. Who aims to attack my family is going to find me,  he said. He added that he trusts Venezuelan institutions will confirm his family members have faithfully served Venezuela, not charging the government for their work.  One of Ramirez s relatives, Diego Salazar, was detained last week under accusations of corruption and money laundering. Still, Ramirez said accusations from corruption scandals should not be taken lightly because they hurt PDVSA s reputation and its ability to recover from a deep production decline. The country s oil output has fallen this year to its lowest level in almost three decades, down 1 million barrels per day from its 2013 level. But he also criticized the government s focus on PDVSA in its corruption accusations, while excluding public institutions that oversaw a long-standing currency control system used to convert and distribute billions of dollars coming from exports.  The company should be investigated without subjecting its  employees to a  moral lynching,  he said.  I will believe that a corruption probe is genuine when it includes the whole Venezuelan economy.  Ramirez in 2014 submitted an economic plan to the government before moving to his position in the United Nations. But no action was taken due to the central government s lack of confidence in him, he said. In the following years, the government s failure to take needed actions, which also has been criticized by analysts and the opposition, have led to a greater financial instability, spiraling inflation and mounting debt, which Maduro is now struggling to restructure.  Economic action has to be taken with urgency,  he said. A lack of motivation among PDVSA s workers, delayed crude output due to infrastructure problems and a very low currency exchange rate impacting PDVSA s cash flow also have to be addressed, he said. ",1
12918,Cambodia goes all-in on China in casino port city,"SIHANOUKVILLE, Cambodia (Reuters) - Between Sihanoukville s beaches and its multiplying casinos,  Lao Qi  and Bun Saroeun run restaurants barely a hundred dusty meters apart. But their fortunes could not be more different. For while Lao Qi is riding the Chinese boom that brought him and thousands of others from China to the Cambodian resort, Bun Saroeun s business was built on low-budget Western visitors. It is far less profitable and now he faces eviction. Sihanoukville starkly illustrates how Cambodia s ever tightening relationship with China is transforming the country. Just as China s aid and investment have helped Prime Minister Hun Sen defy Western criticism of a crackdown on his opponents, they are also binding Cambodia s economy ever more closely to China s. Sihanoukville, which has Cambodia s only deep-water port, was carved out of the jungle in the 1960s and named after former King Norodom Sihanouk. Once a playground for Cambodia s elite, it fell on hard times during the Khmer Rouge genocide and conflicts of the 1970s and 1980s before becoming a stop for backpackers and other Westerners looking for sun, sea, sand and - for some - sex. But a steady trickle of Chinese money into its casinos has now swelled to a tide that promises to remodel a city touted by developers as the first port of call on China s  Belt and Road .      This is like China 20 years ago. The opportunity is huge,  said Lao Qi, 33, who goes by his nickname and first moved here from China s Zhejiang province to work in a casino. His noodles and fried rice can now make him hundreds of dollars a day. Down the road at the Ecstatic Pizza restaurant, 59-year-old Bun Saroeun counts himself lucky to make over $100 a day. Rising hotel prices and the noise of construction are discouraging Western visitors and Cambodian tourists from the city, he says.  A few Chinese came here but now they have their own restaurants,  said Bun Saroeun, whose landlord is now evicting him to redevelop the prime property near the Occhuteal Beach. The Chinese influx is very much by design. In charge of the city is governor Yun Min, the former regional military commander and a close ally of Hun Sen. He made trips to China himself to encourage investors and offer them protection.  We want more of them to come,  he told Reuters, estimating that Chinese already rent half the property in the city.  We benefit from them.  Cambodia's ""Chinese"" resort city IMG - tmsnrt.rs/2AtY4cS Estimates for the numbers of Chinese now resident in the city of 250,000 run from the thousands to the tens of thousands, but no figures are made public. Across Sihanoukville, Mandarin signs are proliferating. Supermarkets packed with Chinese goods are commonplace - the only Cambodian items tend to be beer and bottled water. Yet the current Chinese influx into Sihanoukville is nothing compared to what is forecast. Near the once tranquil Independence Beach, concrete towers have sprouted in months, promising casinos, hotels and thousands of apartments.  This is Macau Two,  boasts Chen Hu, the 48-year-old general manager at the $200 million 38-storey Blue Bay Resort development, comparing the city to the world s biggest gambling center. At his showroom, groups of prospective condominium buyers from China admire the model. About 20 percent of at least 700 apartments have already been sold, he says. Prices range from around $125,000 to $500,000.  A lot of people complain, but a lot of people also benefit from the injection of money from China,  said William Van, 60, who owns an apartment block now filled largely with Chinese workers and has seen the value of his investment soar.  A clear attraction for all Chinese investors, developers say, has been the close Cambodia-China relationship - strengthened by Hun Sen s repeated trips to Beijing and Chinese President Xi Jinping s visit to Phnom Penh late last year. On his latest trip to Beijing last week, Hun Sen won offers of investment of $7 billion from Chinese companies in a highway, a satellite city near Phnom Penh, and projects in education, entertainment and banking. It was unclear how new or firm the promises were, but they highlight the accelerating investment trend.  Business is following the flag China has planted in Cambodia.   It s continuing and may even be exploding,  said U.S. based academic Sophal Ear, co-author of a book on China s quest for resources abroad.  We are talking orders of magnitude now beyond what anyone else is doing...They re crowding out other investors with the sheer volume and scale of their activities.  Pictures of Xi and Hun Sen feature prominently in one of the glossy handouts from the Prince Real Estate Group as it markets apartments in Phnom Penh and now starts work on two projects costing $1 billion in Sihanoukville.  It is a core location of the Belt and Road initiative,  said marketing director Hu Tian Lu, referring to China s infrastructure-led development and diplomatic initiative.   A short drive from the port is an expanding Special Economic Zone, where 90 percent of the 110 companies now operating there are Chinese, enjoying tax-free imports and exports and corporate tax holidays. China is due to build a four-lane highway to Phnom Penh, the international airport in Sihanoukville is being expanded - some 70 percent of international flights are already to Chinese destinations - and improved rail links are eventually planned under the Belt and Road program. Although Sihanoukville is a focal point for Chinese investment, the phenomenon is far from localized. More tourists to Cambodia come from China than any other nation - 635,000 in the first seven months of the year, or a fifth of the total. Cambodia hopes to draw two million Chinese tourists a year by 2020.  Chinese investment over the 2012-16 period was over $4 billion - more than 30 times that from the United States, even including a $100 million Coca-Cola plant which opened last year. China s $265 million in aid last year was well over twice that of Japan s and nearly four times that from the United States. Chinese dams provide most of Cambodia s electricity; a third of the garment factories that produce Cambodia s main export are Chinese.  Nearly half of Cambodia s $5.8 billion foreign debt is also owed to China - many multiples what it owes any other country. The government s political debt to Beijing has also grown. As Western countries have condemned the arrest of Hun Sen s main rival and the dissolution of his party ahead of next year s election, China has voiced support for Cambodia s efforts to keep order. From Cambodia, China can count on its loyal support on regional issues, while it also gains a strategic foothold deep in Southeast Asia. Sandwiching Sihanoukville are concessions owned by Chinese companies that give them control of well over one-third of Cambodia s coastline. The gush of money into Sihanoukville has meant a bonanza for land owners: one hotelier told how the Chinese turned up with an offer of twice what he was making to take his hotel over for casino staff. He no longer needs to work. For anyone renting, it is a nightmare. Long term Western expatriates talk of being  Chinesed  - being turfed out because a Chinese customer has turned up willing to pay much more. Real estate agent Thim Sothea got a harsh lesson in the way the market was trending when his landlord evicted his business, Sihanoukville Property, from a spot near the beach so a Chinese company could move in at double the rent.  It s becoming Chinatown here,  he said at a meeting at a cafe because he is still looking for a new space.  That s fine for the rich who own hotels and property, not for everyone else.  It also suits Lao Qi just fine. He already has plans to open a new restaurant, which he expects will be closer to the beach. ",1
12919,"Extremism stems from repressive states, not Western policy, says UK's Johnson","LONDON (Reuters) - Repressive states are to blame for breeding terrorism, Britain s foreign minister Boris Johnson will say on Thursday, in a speech defending Western foreign policy and denouncing Islamist extremism.  Britain suffered four deadly attacks in London and Manchester between March and June this year that killed 36 people, and on Wednesday a man appeared in court accused of plotting to kill British Prime Minister Theresa May. Speaking to diplomats and experts at the Foreign Office in London, Johnson will call for better engagement with Muslim populations worldwide and argue that blaming Western intervention for the rise of Islamist extremism plays into the jihadi narrative, according to a briefing note issued by the Foreign Office.   To assert, as people often do, that the terrorism we see on the streets of Britain and America is some kind of punishment for adventurism and folly in the Middle East is to ignore that these so-called punishments are visited on peoples   Swedes, Belgians, Finns or the Japanese hostages murdered by Daesh - with no such history in the region,  he will say according to advanced extracts of his speech. He will say that Islamist jihadism can have the  addictive power of crack cocaine . ",1
12920,No Brexit deal worst-case scenario for Britain: Lords committee,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will fail to agree a free trade deal with the EU before it plans to leave the bloc in 2019 and should seek a transition period to avoid a worst-case scenario of crashing out without an agreement, lawmakers from parliament s upper house said. The House of Lords EU committee s report  Brexit: deal or no deal  said on Thursday Britain should consider extending membership of the European Union or set a later date for leaving to give the government longer to negotiate a trade deal.   The overwhelming weight of evidence suggests that  no deal  would be the worst possible outcome for the UK, in terms of the economy, security, the environment and citizens  rights,  said Michael Jay, a member of the Lords EU committee and former head of Britain s diplomatic service. Britain s Prime Minister Theresa May s hopes of progressing the Brexit talks collapsed at the last minute on Monday as her Northern Irish allies denounced a proposed offer on the border with Ireland. May has found it difficult to come up with a formula that satisfies both EU member Ireland, which wants to avoid creation of a  hard  border, and Northern Ireland s DUP party, which says the British province must quit the EU on the same terms as the rest of the UK. With the clock ticking down to the March 2019 exit date, the report says the biggest risk factor that there may be no trade deal is the shortage of time. Despite scepticism in Brussels over the tight timetable, May and her chief negotiator David Davis have been clear they want to have a full post-Brexit free trade deal sealed by the time Britain leaves.   While we support David Davis  ambition to secure a comprehensive agreement by 29 March 2019, almost nobody outside the Government thinks this will be possible,  Jay said. ",1
12921,U.N. Security Council to meet Friday on Jerusalem: diplomats,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council will meet on Friday at the request of eight states on the 15-member body over U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, diplomats said on Wednesday.  The request for U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to publicly brief the Security Council meeting was made by France, Bolivia, Egypt, Italy, Senegal, Sweden, Britain and Uruguay, said diplomats.  Trump abruptly reversed decades of U.S. policy on Wednesday, generating outrage from Palestinians and defying warnings of Middle East unrest. Trump also plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. Israel considers the city its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in a 1967 war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally.  The U.N. has given Jerusalem a special legal and political status, which the Security Council has called upon the international community to respect. That is why we believe the Council needs to address this issue with urgency,  Deputy Swedish U.N. Ambassador Carl Skau said on Wednesday. A U.N. Security Council resolution adopted in December last year  underlines that it will not recognize any changes to the 4 June 1967 lines, including with regard to Jerusalem, other than those agreed by the parties through negotiations.   That resolution was approved with 14 votes in favor and an abstention by former U.S. President Barack Obama s administration, which defied heavy pressure from long-time ally Israel and Trump for Washington to wield its veto. After Trump spoke on Wednesday, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told reporters:  I have consistently spoken out against any unilateral measures that would jeopardize the prospect of peace for Israelis and Palestinians.   In this moment of great anxiety, I want to make it clear: There is no alternative to the two-state solution. There is no Plan B,  he said.  I will do everything in my power to support the Israeli and Palestinian leaders to return to meaningful negotiations.  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley praised Trump s decision as  the just and right thing to do.  ",1
12922,Trump asks Saudi Arabia to allow immediate aid to Yemen,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump called for Saudi Arabia on Wednesday to immediately allow humanitarian aid to reach the Yemeni people, suggesting Washington had run out patience with a Saudi-led blockade that has been condemned by relief organizations. The Saudi-led military coalition fighting the Iran-aligned armed Houthi movement in Yemen s civil war started a blockade of ports a month ago after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired toward its capital Riyadh from Yemen.  Although the blockade later eased and showed signs of breaking on Wednesday, Yemen s situation remained dire. About 8 million people are on the brink of famine with outbreaks of cholera and diphtheria.  I have directed officials in my administration to call the leadership of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to request that they completely allow food, fuel, water and medicine to reach the Yemeni people who desperately need it,  Trump said in a statement, without elaborating.  This must be done for humanitarian reasons immediately,  Trump said. The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) said the first food and fuel had arrived in Hodeidah and Saleef ports, but supplies were at a trickle compared to what was needed, since Yemen s population of 27 million was almost entirely reliant on imports for food, fuel and medicine.  Oxfam International applauded Trump s statement, calling it  long overdue but hugely important.  Democratic Senator Chris Murphy, who has called for restrictions on U.S. arms sales to Saudi Arabia, said he expected the Kingdom to heed Trump s call. Trump s brief, one-paragraph statement is one of the clearest signs of U.S. concern over aspects of Saudi Arabia s foreign policy. Saudi Arabia has also split with Trump over his decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Publicly, Trump, his top aides and senior Saudi officials have hailed what they say is a major improvement in U.S.-Saudi ties compared with relations under former President Barack Obama, who upset the Saudis by sealing a nuclear deal with their arch-foe Iran. Even as ties improve, however, U.S. diplomats and intelligence analysts privately express anxiety over some of the more hawkish actions by Saudi Arabia s crown prince, especially toward Yemen and Lebanon, as Saudi Arabia seeks to contain Iranian influence. In turn, Saudi Arabia has been unusually public about its concerns over U.S. policy on Jerusalem.  King Salman told Trump ahead of his Jerusalem announcement on Wednesday that any decision on the status of Jerusalem before a permanent peace settlement was reached would  harm peace talks and increase tensions in the area,  according to Saudi state-owned media. A White House official said Trump s statement on aid to Yemen did not represent retaliation for the Saudi position on Jerusalem.   It has to do with the fact that there is a serious humanitarian issue in Yemen and the Saudis should and can do more,  the official said. The fuel shortages caused by the blockade have meant that areas hardest hit by war, malnutrition and cholera lack functioning hospital generators, cooking fuel and water pumps. It also makes it harder to move food and medical aid around the country.  The Saudi-led military coalition stepped up air strikes on Yemen s Houthis on Wednesday as the armed movement tightened its grip on Sanaa a day after the son of slain former president Ali Abdullah Saleh vowed revenge for his father s death. Saleh, who was killed in an attack on his convoy, plunged Yemen deeper into turmoil last week by switching allegiance after years helping the Houthis win control of much of northern Yemen, including the capital.  U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday that the killing of Saleh would likely worsen an already dire humanitarian situation in the country in the short term.  This is where we ve all got to roll up our sleeves and figure out what you re going to do about medicine and food and clean water, cholera,  Mattis said. ",1
12923,Top German conservative embraces Macron's EU proposals,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The premier of Germany s most populous state has become the most senior member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative bloc to throw his weight behind French President Emmanuel Macron s proposals for deepening and reforming the European Union. In an article for Thursday s Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper, Armin Laschet, premier of North Rhine-Westphalia, embraced proposals for a common European army, intelligence service and, in the long term, a common finance minister. The proposals could offer a basis for cooperation with the Social Democrats (SPD), who vote on Thursday on whether to enter talks on supporting a new conservative-led government. SPD leader Martin Schulz, a former European Parliament president, is an outspoken advocate of closer European integration.  In a time of  eurosclerosis , with (eurosceptic) populists inside Europe and instability on the periphery, Macron wants to work with us to overcome the crisis,  wrote Laschet, his party s vice-president.  Europe s crisis, forced by Brexit, offers the chance at last to confront the challenges.  Merkel and most of her party colleagues have been more cautious in their reception of Macron s reform proposals, which include closer cooperation on defense, migration and a deeper integration of the euro currency zone. He was less specific in addressing Macron s proposals for changing the euro zone s governance mechanisms, saying only:  We need better conditions for investment, and we need harmonization of corporation tax.  Schulz has said that the SPD, reluctant to repeat the bruising experience of being deserted by voters after governing for four years with Merkel in coalition, will discuss Macron s proposals at its three-day party congress starting on Thursday.  What are our possibilities, our options, our instruments for ensuring that Germany embraces these French ideas?  Schulz asked earlier on Wednesday.  France is making proposals and Germany is not engaging. This is not acceptable.  ",1
12924,Algeria says Jerusalem announcement 'blatant violation' of U.N. resolutions,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Algeria is deeply concerned about a U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, saying it was a blatant violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions, state news agency APS said on Wednesday.  Algeria learned with deep concern about the U.S administration s decision to recognize Jerusalem as capital Israel s,  APS said, quoting a foreign ministry statement. ",1
12925,OAS may recommend new Honduras election unless irregularities fixed,(Reuters) - The Organization of American States (OAS) on Wednesday called for an immediate return of constitutional rights in Honduras and said it may call for new elections if irregularities mean it is impossible to be sure of the results of a disputed Nov. 26 vote. The Honduran government suspended some rights to free movement by imposing a curfew last week when protests erupted over irregularities in the way results were released from the presidential election. ,1
12926,Panama recalls EU ambassador over tax haven list,"PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Panama recalled its ambassador to the EU from Brussels for consultations after the Central American country was included on a European Union blacklist of countries deemed as tax havens, the government said on Wednesday.   European Union finance ministers adopted a blacklist of 17 jurisdictions deemed tax havens on Tuesday, in an unprecedented step to counter worldwide tax avoidance, although they did not agree on financial levies for the listed countries.  Given the unfortunate incorporation of the country in this discriminatory list, the Republic of Panama has decided to call its Ambassador to the European Union, Dario Chiru, to assess the steps to be followed moving forward,  the government said in a statement.  The list also included American Samoa, Bahrain, Barbados, Grenada, Guam, South Korea, Macau, Marshall Islands, Mongolia, Namibia, Palau, Saint Lucia, Samoa, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia and United Arab Emirates (UAE). The government of the Caribbean islands of Trinidad and Tobago said on Wednesday that it soon would take two bills to parliament to reform its tax codes. Passage of those bills could help it get removed from the EU blacklist, the government said.   The Government of Trinidad and Tobago shares the goals of the EU with respect to fighting tax abuse and reassures that we will act with alacrity on this matter,  the country s attorney general said in a statement ",1
12927,"Palestinians call general strike, rallies to protest Trump Jerusalem move","GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian secular and Islamist factions on Wednesday called a general strike and midday rallies to protest U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement that he has recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, they said in a joint statement. Answering the call for strike on Thursday, the Palestinian education ministry declared a day off and urged teachers as well as high school and university students to take part in the planned rallies in the Israeli-occupied West Bank, the Gaza Strip and Palestinian areas in Jerusalem. In a speech in Washington, Trump said he had decided to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and move the U.S. embassy to the city. Arabs and Muslims across the Middle East condemned the U.S. decision, calling it an incendiary move. ",1
12928,Japan's slide into war chronicled in Emperor Hirohito's memoir,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Japan s Emperor Hirohito did not veto his advisers  decision to declare war on the United States in 1941 because he feared triggering an internal conflict that would destroy his country, he said in an account dictated to an adviser. Set for auction in New York on Wednesday, the handwritten document throws light on Japan s role in World War Two, as it records events dating from the 1920s, such as Hirohito s resolve not to oppose future cabinet decisions, even if he disagreed.  He realized that if he wanted to be in power, he had to do what they wanted,  Tom Lamb, director of the books and manuscripts department at auction house Bonhams, told Reuters.  And that is an interesting fact, since, throughout the late 1930s and through the 1940s, military decisions were made, which he could not contest,  he said. The auctioneers have put an estimate of $100,000 to $150,000 on the manuscript, which consists of two browning twine-bound notebooks written in pen and pencil by Terasaki Hidenari, an interpreter and adviser to the emperor, in 1946. The memoir concludes with the emperor s statement that if he had vetoed the decision to go to war, it would have resulted in a civil conflict that would have been even worse and  Japan would have been destroyed,  the auction house said on its website. Known in Japanese as  Dokuhakuroku , or  The Emperor s Monologue , the remarks may offer insight into the role the monarch played in the war campaign. This is a topic academics say has never been fully pursued in Japan, largely due to U.S. occupation authorities  decision to retain the emperor as a symbol of a newly democratic nation.  The Americans needed Emperor Hirohito to bind the country together, which he did,  Lamb added.  The whole of Japan changed from a rather military pre-war style to a postwar economic powerhouse, and obviously the emperor was part of that.  ",1
12929,U.S. officials warn of ISIS' new caliphate: cyberspace,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The collapse of Islamic State s self-proclaimed caliphate has not diminished the militant group s ability to inspire attacks on Western targets via the internet, U.S. national security officials told senators on Wednesday. The Sunni Muslim extremist group has been building its external operations over the past two years and has claimed or been linked to at least 20 attacks against Western interests since January, said Lora Shiao, acting director of intelligence at the National Counterterrorism Center.    Unfortunately, we don t see ISIS  loss of territory translating into a corresponding reduction in its inability to inspire attacks,  she told a U.S. Senate committee.  ISIS  capacity to reach sympathizers around the world through its robust social media capability is unprecedented and gives the group access to large numbers of HVEs,  Shiao said, using the government s acronym for homegrown violent extremists. The U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State estimated on Tuesday that fewer than 3,000 fighters belonging to the hardline Sunni militant group remain in Iraq and Syria, where they declared a caliphate in 2014. ISIS was driven out of Raqqa, the Syrian city it called its capital, in October, prompting President Donald Trump to say  the end of the ISIS caliphate is in sight.  Yet  the elimination of the physical caliphate does not mark the end of ISIS or other global terrorist organizations,  said Mark Mitchell, acting assistant defense secretary for special operations/low-intensity conflict. As ISIS loses territory it will become more reliant on virtual connections, he said, and continue to inspire  stray dog  attacks by vulnerable people. Senators questioned the security officials about U.S. efforts to fight online recruitment of potential extremists.  This is the new caliphate - in cyberspace,  said Ron Johnson, the Republican chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. The experts described an evolving threat including ISIS  ability to adapt its narrative after territorial losses to portray the struggle as a long-term process. The internet is the primary tool for radicalization and no group has been more successful than ISIS in drawing people into its message, said Nikki Floris, deputy assistant director for counterterrorism at the Federal Bureau of Investigation. In a possible reference to Trump s use of Twitter, Democratic Senator Kamala Harris asked Floris,  Has the FBI examined the role that social media posts or videos from our own government officials affect the online recruitment tactics used by ISIS?  The answer was no. ",1
12930,U.S. warns citizens against travel to Honduras due to protests,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department on Wednesday advised U.S. citizens to delay or cancel unnecessary travel to mainland Honduras  due to ongoing political protests and the potential for violence.  The travel alert, which the department said in a statement expires on Dec. 31, follows a dispute over the result of a Nov. 26 presidential election that has sparked deadly protests and a night-time curfew in the poor, violent Central American country.    ",1
12931,Greek police fire teargas at protesters on anniversary of riots,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek police fired teargas on Wednesday at youths marching in Athens to mark the ninth anniversary of the killing of a teenager by police in an incident that sparked the worst riots for decades in a country with a history of street violence. Before Wednesday s march, Reuters witnesses saw young people wearing hoods smashing paving stones to use as projectiles and street poles to break window displays. A few hundred students, among them dozens of black-clad youths, marched through central Athens chanting  Resist! ,  waving red and black flags in a tribute to 15-year old Alexandros Grigoropoulos who was shot dead in 2008.   Some of the protesters set garbage containers on fire and hurled stones at police who responded with teargas and had formed protective cordons outside parliament and hotels in central Athens.        More than 2,000 police were deployed in Athens, a day before a visit by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. On Wednesday evening, hundreds of protesters marched outside parliament chanting  This bullet did not fall by accident, keep your hands off the youth  and held banners reading  These days belong to Alexis .  After the march, police clashed with protesters hurling petrol bombs at them in the bohemian Exarchia district, where the unarmed boy was shot dead.  There were more demonstrations in other cities across the country. Clashes broke out during protests in the northern city of Thessaloniki.  On the night of December 6, 2008, hours after Grigoropoulos was shot dead, thousands took to the streets of Athens, torching cars and smashing shop windows.  The riots, that were also fueled by anger over unemployment and economic hardship in the prelude to Greece s debt crisis, lasted for weeks. ",1
12932,"Britain to propose new language on Irish border, Irish PM says","DUBLIN (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May told her Irish counterpart Leo Varadkar that she would propose suggestions to Brexit negotiators over the next 24 hours to try to break an impasse on the issue of the Irish border, Varadkar said on Wednesday. A tentative deal on the border, which is required if Brexit talks are to move to the next phase, was agreed with Dublin s blessing on Monday after negotiators guaranteed  regulatory alignment  on both sides of the border that Ireland has with the British province of Northern Ireland. But the Northern Irish party that props up May s minority government rejected the agreement, saying it could not allow any divergence in regulations between Northern Ireland and other parts of the UK, putting up a fresh obstacle a week before EU leaders meet to decide whether to open trade talks.  We discussed the idea certainly but we didn t discuss any particular words or combination of words or language but I certainly indicated a willingness to consider any proposals that the UK side have,  Varadkar told a news conference after speaking to May by telephone earlier on Wednesday.  Having consulted with people in London, she wants to come back to us with some text tonight or tomorrow. I expressed my willingness to consider that because I want us to move to phase two if that is possible next week.  Varadkar said he had a  very good call  with May but that he reiterated the firm Irish position on issue of the border and that any new language proposed by London must be consistent with the text May had originally agreed to on Monday. The leader of Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party Arlene Foster also spoke to May earlier on Wednesday and a spokesman for the party said  there was still work to be done  on any border deal. Brussels says Britain must present its offer this week or it will be too late for a decision.  Varadkar was speaking at a news conference with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte who assured Dublin that a satisfactory deal on the Irish border was essential if EU leaders are to declare that sufficient progress has been made in phase one of the talks when they meet on Dec. 15. Rutte also agreed with Varadkar that if an agreement cannot be reached next week, then they will have to move into January  It is the desire and ambition and wish of this government that we should move onto the phase two talks but if it isn t possible to move to phase two next week because of the problems that have arisen, well then we can pick it up in the new year,  Varadkar earlier told parliament. ",1
12933,Palestinian protests break out in Jordan over Trump's move on Jerusalem,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Protests broke out on Wednesday in areas of Jordan s capital Amman inhabited by Palestinian refugees in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, witnesses said. Youths chanted anti-American slogans in Amman, while in the Baqaa refugee camp on the city s outskirts, hundreds of youths roamed the streets denouncing Trump and calling on Jordan s government to scrap its 1994 peace treaty with Israel.  Down with America.. America is the mother of terror,  they chanted. King Abdullah s Hashemite dynasty is the custodian of the Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem, making Amman sensitive to any changes in the status of the city, whose eastern sector was captured by Israel from Jordan in a 1967 war. Many people in Jordan are descendants of Palestinian refugees whose families left after the creation of Israel in 1948. ",1
12934,"Britain to propose new language on Irish border, Irish PM says","DUBLIN (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May told her Irish counterpart Leo Varadkar that she would propose suggestions to Brexit negotiators over the next 24 hours to try to break an impasse on the issue of the Irish border, Varadkar said on Wednesday.  We discussed the idea certainly but we didn t discuss any particular words or combination of words or language but I certainly indicated a willingness to consider any proposals that the UK side have,  Varadkar told a news conference after speaking to May by telephone earlier on Wednesday.  Having consulted with people in London, she wants to come back to us with some text tonight or tomorrow. I expressed my willingness to consider that because I want us to move to phase two if that is possible next week.  ",1
12935,"Thousands march in Helsinki in far-right, anti-facist demonstrations","HELSINKI (Reuters) - Supporters of the far right in Finland and anti-facists staged rival marches in the capital on Wednesday as the country celebrated 100 years of independence. Police in riot gear reinforced by security personnel from around the country made 10 arrests due to scattered fights and misbehavior. Around 2,000 people joined the anti-facist march while demonstrations by two far right groups also gathered up to 2,000 people, the police said. Anti-immigrant sentiment has been on the rise in the Nordic EU member country of 5.5 million. About 32,500 migrants and refugees arrived during Europe s migrant crisis in 2015. The number came down to 5,600 last year.  No nazis in Helsinki!  shouted anti-fascist demonstrators. Far-right marchers held a slogan saying  Towards freedom  and many carried torches. Last week, a court banned a neo-Nazi group called Nordic Resistance Movement but it took part in a march as the decision is yet to be implemented. Finland was part of the Russian Empire and won independence during the 1917 Russian revolution, then nearly lost it fighting the Soviet Union in World War Two. ",1
12936,Checks for free: a Mexican plan to combat poverty,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - An opposition alliance in Mexico wants to launch a universal basic wage to combat the poverty that blights the lives of almost half the population, touting an experimental reform discussed globally as a solution to job losses from automation. The center-right National Action Party and center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution are running on a joint ticket with the leftist Citizens Movement (MC) for next July s presidential election, and the income plan is a key part of their manifesto. Officials inside the alliance say details of the plan are still being worked out, though its contours are emerging. A basic income of 10,000 pesos ($537) per year for everyone, including children, could be provided by consolidating funds from federal, state and municipal welfare programs, Jorge Alvarez, an MC congressman working on the plan told Reuters in a recent interview.  If you multiply that by four or five, which is the typical size of a Mexican family, you get an annual income of 40,000 to 50,000 pesos per family, Alvarez said, adding that providing the income to children could be conditional on school enrollment. Home to the richest man in Latin America, Carlos Slim, Mexico is laden with oil and minerals, boasts a large manufacturing base and has the world s 15th biggest economy. But poverty has remained stubbornly stuck above 40 percent of the population for decades. Government social development agency Coneval defines poverty as a person living on no more than 2,925 pesos a month in cities and 1,892 pesos in rural areas. The agency also takes into account other factors like healthcare and education. Getting to 40,000 or 50,000 pesos per family could be achieved  without increasing taxes,  Alvarez said. Still, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development argues that providing an unconditional basic income to everyone of working age would do little to combat poverty if not funded by extra taxes. The idea of universal basic income has gained currency due to the increasing robotization of the workforce. Finland is running a pilot project to test whether unconditional payments could serve as a plausible alternative welfare model. Mexico has seen job growth in recent years thanks to a manufacturing boom, and could face a smaller workforce as robots take over more tasks.  Swiss voters rejected a basic income plan in a referendum last year, while the defeated Socialist candidate in France s presidential election this year, Benoit Hamon, championed it, saying it would be funded by a tax on robots that replace human labor. Mexican gross domestic product was worth $1.046 trillion in 2016, according to the World Bank, but some 53.4 million Mexicans, or 43.6 percent of the population, live below the poverty line, according to Coneval.  ($1 = 18.6239 Mexican pesos) ",1
12937,Police suspect car bomb that killed Maltese reporter was triggered from boat,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - Maltese investigators believe a man charged with murdering an anti-corruption journalist set off the car bomb which killed her via SMS from a cabin cruiser out at sea, police sources said on Wednesday. Three men were charged on Tuesday over the death of Daphne Caruana Galizia, whose car was blown up as she drove out of her home on Oct. 16. The crime shocked the Mediterranean island and raised concerns among European Union lawmakers about the rule of law there. The three, named as Vince Muscat, and brothers Alfred and George Degiorgio, have all pleaded not guilty.  Police sources said investigators suspected George Degiorgio sent the text message after receiving a signal from his brother Alfred, who they believe acted as a lookout. A boat has been impounded. There was no immediate statement from the men s lawyers. Caruana Galizia wrote a popular blog which highlighted cases of alleged graft and targeted politicians in government, including Prime Minister Joseph Muscat, and the opposition. Seven other men were arrested in connection with the probe and then released without charge, police said. Caruana Galizia s family, which has criticized the handling of the case, said in a statement on Wednesday that the murdered journalist had not been investigating any of the 10 people arrested. Simon Busuttil, former leader of the opposition in the Maltese parliament, tweeted a link to the statement, adding:  This can only mean that those who commissioned the assassination of #DaphneCaruanaGalizia are still out at large.   Evidence gathered so far suggests the bomb was placed inside her rented car while it was parked in an alley outside her house six miles from Valletta on the night before her death. Mobile phones were recovered from the sea in Marsa, an inland area of Valletta harbor, the sources said.   Prime Minister Muscat has called the killing an attack on press freedom, and asked the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation to help local police investigate. Caruana Galizia s son said she was killed because of her work.  Members of an EU fact-find mission said last week there was a  perception of impunity  in Malta. ",1
12938,British PM May disagrees with U.S. decision to move embassy to Jerusalem: spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May disagrees with the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel because it is unlikely to help efforts to bring peace to the region, her spokesman said on Wednesday.  Jerusalem should ultimately be shared between Israel and a future Palestinian state, the spokesman said.   We disagree with the U.S. decision to move its embassy to Jerusalem and recognize Jerusalem as the Israeli capital before a final status agreement,  the spokesman said.  We believe it is unhelpful in terms of prospects for peace in the region.  President Donald Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy on Wednesday and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, despite warnings from around the world that the gesture further drives a wedge between Israel and the Palestinians. Trump sparked outrage in Britain last week after he issued a sharp rebuke of May on Twitter after she criticized him for retweeting British far-right anti-Islam videos. May s spokesman welcomed Trump s desire to end the conflict and his acknowledgement that the final status of Jerusalem, including boundaries within the city, must be subject to negotiations between the Israelis and the Palestinians.  We encourage the US Administration to now bring forward detailed proposals for an Israel-Palestinian settlement,  he said. ",1
12939,Germany against Trump's Jerusalem decision: Merkel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany does not support the Trump administration s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday.  The German government does not support this position, because the status of Jerusalem is to be resolved in the framework of a two-state solution,  she was quoted as saying in a tweet by the government spokesman. ",1
12940,Italy's former PM Renzi loses more allies as election nears,"ROME (Reuters) - Former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, whose Democratic Party (PD) is shedding support in opinion polls, suffered a further setback on Wednesday when two allies said they would not contest next year s election. Renzi quit as prime minister a year ago after losing a referendum on his planned constitutional reforms. He aims to return to power at the vote due by May, but the PD has split under his leadership and his prospects seem to be dwindling. On Wednesday Giuliano Pisapia, a former mayor of Milan, announced that his small leftist party, called The Progressive Camp (CP), which had been expected to join forces with the PD at the election, was disbanding. Pisapia said it had proved  impossible to continue talks with the PD , and complained in particular about Renzi s unwillingness to push through a contested law making it easier for the children of immigrants to obtain Italian citizenship. Hours later, Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano, leader of the centrist Popular Alternative party (AP) which governs with the PD, said he would not be running at the election, throwing into doubt the future of the party he founded.  The CP and AP have less than 3 percent of the vote each, according to opinion polls, but the latest defections weaken the center-left in which a declining PD is now virtually without any allies.  The left and the PD are crumbling away,  said Renato Brunetta, lower house leader of Silvio Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party which is the lynchpin of a center-right alliance that is expected to win most seats at the election. On Sunday, leftist parties which had already quit the PD joined forces under the leadership of Senate Speaker Piero Grasso to form Free and Equal, a new grouping already credited with around 6 percent of the vote and expected to grow further at the expense of the PD.     Posing a potential further headache for Renzi, a parliamentary commission on banking decided later on Wednesday to call a former top banker who a prominent journalist alleged had been put under pressure by a close ally in his government. In a book published earlier this year, the previous director of one of Italy s biggest newspapers said Renzi s reform minister Maria Elena Boschi had in 2015 asked Federico Ghizzoni, then chief executive of UniCredit, to look into buying a struggling bank where her father held a senior position. The cross-party commission investigating banking crises said in a statement it had voted unanimously to call Ghizzoni to speak. A source said his hearing would be held by Dec. 23. Boschi, who is now cabinet secretary, denies ever asking anyone to buy Banca Etruria, which was eventually rescued by the state. She said this week she was taking legal action.     Renzi s PD critics say he has dragged the traditionally left-leaning party to the right and lament what they say is his autocratic, domineering leadership style.    The party has been steadily losing support since it won over 40 percent of the vote at European elections in 2014. Surveys suggest it would now poll around 25 percent, some 3 points behind the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement. The center-right bloc is made up of Forza Italia and the anti-immigrant Northern League, each with around 15 percent, and the right-wing Brothers of Italy, on around 5 percent. While the center-right is seen winning most seats at the election, opinion polls suggest it will not win an absolute majority, making a hung parliament the most likely outcome. ",1
12941,"Time to move on from Algeria's colonial past, says France's Macron","ALGIERS/PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron, visiting Algeria, said on Wednesday he would not be held hostage by France s colonial involvement there and urged young Algerians to build for the future and not dwell on past  crimes . The relationship is scarred by the trauma of the 1954-1962 independence war in which the North Africa country broke with France. Hundreds of thousands of Algerians were killed and both sides used torture. Macron was in the capital Algiers for talks with President Abdelaziz Bouteflika and senior officials, a rite of passage for all new French presidents.   Many in Algeria had wondered whether Macron would offer an official apology for the past given his statement earlier this year when he described France s colonial rule as a  crime against humanity . But he did not go any further than his predecessor, Francois Hollande, who sought a more conciliatory tone but stopped short of saying sorry. Instead, Macron s message to young Algerians was not to harbor grudges from the past but look to the future.  I ve already said we need to recognize what we did, but Algeria s youth can t just look to its past. It needs to look forward and see how it will create jobs,  Macron said, answering questions from people as he walked through downtown Algiers.  I m not here to judge those in the past. There have been crimes and there were people that also did good things. Your generation must not allow this. It s not an excuse (to blame the past) for what is happening today,  he said. When asked by reporters about the past, a visibly annoyed Macron, said it was time to stop asking questions from 20 years ago.  These benchmarks block our bilateral relationship. They don t interest me because the ambition I have for the relationship between Algeria and France has nothing to do with what was done for decades. It s a new story that s being written,  he told a news conference.    Facing high unemployment, low oil prices, austerity and political uncertainty, Algeria s youth is likely to warm to Macron s call to look to the future more than the war veterans. An inter-governmental forum presided by the countries  prime ministers will take place in Paris on Thursday to discuss how to develop an economic roadmap. Economic ties between the two countries have marginally progressed since 2012 and France is now behind China as the main partner. Annual trade stands at about 8 billion euros compared with 6.36 billion five years ago. More than 400,000 Algerians are given visas for France annually, almost twice as many as in 2012. While walking near the university, young Algerians came out in force, calling out:  Visas, Please!  Highlighting just how divided opinion remains some others called out:  Go home! We don t want you here.   This morning I saw too many people simply asking me for visas. That s not a life project,  Macron told reporters. Franco-Algerian relations are also a sensitive subject in France. Macron past condemnation of France s colonial rule angered many at home.  There must be no taboos between us. But there has to a be a project for the future and I think the Algerians must build their future from Algeria,  Macron said responding to more questions in the streets. But the thorny issues are unlikely to disappear just yet.  Excuse me but France will have to apologize for the martyrs we lost,  said a woman who gave her name as Nadia. ",1
12942,Lebanese president says Trump decision threatens stability,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s President Michel Aoun said on Wednesday that U.S. President Donald Trump s Jerusalem decision was dangerous and threatened the credibility of the United States as a broker of the peace process in the region.  He said the decision had put back the peace process by decades, and had threatened regional stability and perhaps global stability. Lebanon s Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said on Twitter that Lebanon rejected the decision and had the utmost solidarity with the Palestinian people and their right to establish an independent state with Jerusalem as its capital.  The leader of Lebanon s Hezbollah movement, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, will speak on Thursday about the issue of Jerusalem, the Hezbollah-affiliated al-Manar TV station reported.  ",1
12943,"Morocco expresses deep concern over Jerusalem decision, summons U.S. charge d'affaires","RABAT (Reuters) - Morocco summoned the U.S. charge d affaires to express its deep concern over the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, state news agency MAP said on Wednesday. Morocco s foreign minister  reiterated the constant support and full solidarity of the Kingdom of Morocco towards the Palestinian people so that they can recover their legitimate rights,  a statement carried by MAP said. ",1
12944,EU seriously concerned about Trump's Jerusalem decision,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union expressed serious concern on Wednesday after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, saying it could have repercussions for peace prospects.  The aspirations of both parties must be fulfilled and a way must be found through negotiations to resolve the status of Jerusalem as the future capital of both states,  EU Foreign Affairs Chief Federica Mogherini said in a statement. Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy by recognizing Jerusalem as the Israeli capital and saying Washington would begin the process of moving its embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. ",1
12945,Syrian president says Jerusalem to be Palestinian capital,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Palestinian cause will stay alive among Arabs until the establishment of a Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital, the Syrian president s office said on Wednesday in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s Jerusalem decision.   The future of Jerusalem is not determined by a state or a president but is determined by its history and by the will and determination in the Palestinian cause,  President Bashar al-Assad s office said on an official social media feed.  ",1
12946,Britain has not formally assessed impact of Brexit on economy - Brexit minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has not conducted formal sector-by-sector analyses of the impact that leaving the European Union will have on the economy, Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday, arguing they were not necessary yet. The comments inflamed critics of the government s handling of the complex divorce process at a time when talks with Brussels have stalled because of a row over how to manage the Irish border after Brexit. Davis has become embroiled in a long-running argument with lawmakers   including from the ruling Conservative Party   over what preparatory work the government has undertaken, and how much of it should be made public.  There s no systematic impact assessment I m aware of,  Davis told a parliamentary committee, saying it would be more appropriate to conduct such analysis later in the negotiating process. His remarks drew immediate criticism from lawmakers on the committee, who said Davis was contradicting his previous statement that the government had analyses of the sectoral impact that went into  excruciating detail .  Whether it s through incompetence or insincerity, David Davis has been misleading parliament from the start,  said Wera Hobhouse, a member of the Brexit committee from the Liberal Democrat party.  It is unbelievable that these long-trumpeted impact assessments don t even exist, meaning the government has no idea what their Brexit plans will do to the country.  Opposition lawmakers have pressured the government into releasing a summary of its analysis to the committee. On Wednesday, they complained that the analysis given to them was incomplete and called for more detail.  But the committee scrutinising government policy on leaving the EU said they were satisfied that the government had  fulfilled its obligations to publish the documents. Nevertheless, pro-EU Labour lawmaker Chuka Umunna said he has written to the speaker of the House of Commons to ask if the government has misled parliament. Davis and his team of ministers have previously said its sectoral analysis is not a formal impact assessment   a technical document submitted to parliament   and that publishing the work it has done could undermine Britain s negotiating position.  We will at some stage do the best we can to quantify the effect of different negotiating outcomes as we come up to them   bearing in mind we haven t started phase two (negotiations) yet,  Davis said, referring to the second phase of talks which will focus on trade. He said those assessments would look at the impact of different outcomes on sectors including financial services, manufacturing and agriculture. ",1
12947,"Saudi king, Turkish president discuss regional developments after U.S. embassy move decision: agency","DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s King Salman discussed the  most prominent developments  in the region in a telephone call from the Turkish president, the Saudi state news agency reported, after President Donald Trump announced the U.S. Embassy in Israel would be moved to Jerusalem. The agency gave no further details on the discussions. Saudi Arabia, home to Islam s holiest sites, and regional Muslim power Turkey have both warned against any attempt to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital or move the embassy to city. ",1
12948,British PM May faces pressure to soften Brexit divorce after EU exit deal crumbles,"LONDON (Reuters) - Hours after a Brexit deal collapsed, British Prime Minister Theresa May came under pressure on Tuesday from opposition parties and even some allies to soften the EU divorce by keeping Britain in the single market and customs union after Brexit. May s ministers said they were confident they would soon secure an exit deal, though opponents scolded the prime minister for a chaotic day in Brussels which saw a choreographed attempt to showcase the progress of Brexit talks collapse at the last minute. The Northern Irish party that props up May s minority government said it was only shown the draft of a deal promising regulatory alignment for both parts of Ireland late on Monday morning.  In a sign of just how politically precarious May s Brexit balancing act has become, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) also said it had warned May that it would not support her legislation in parliament unless the draft was changed. The opposition Labour Party said one way for alignment of Northern Ireland with the Republic of Ireland to become acceptable was for the whole of the United Kingdom to stay in the single market and the customs union.  What an embarrassment - the last 24 hours have given a new meaning to the phrase  coalition of chaos ,  Labour s Brexit spokesman Keir Starmer told parliament.  Yesterday, the rubber hit the road: Fantasy met brutal reality.   Will the Prime Minister now rethink her reckless red lines and put options such as a customs union and single market back on the table for negotiation?  Starmer asked. Nicola Sturgeon, the leader of Scotland s devolved government, said May s failure could signal a push to keep Britain in both.  This could be the moment for opposition and soft Brexit/remain Tories to force a different, less damaging approach - keep the UK in the single market and customs union,  Sturgeon said on Twitter.  But it needs Labour to get its act together. How about it @jeremycorbyn?  Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson, who has been tipped as a potential future leader of May s party, also suggested May should consider keeping the United Kingdom in the single market and customs union.  May has repeatedly said Britain will leave both groupings when the United Kingdom ends its membership of the EU at 2300 GMT on March 29, 2019. But she has also called for a bespoke economic partnership. Brexit minister David Davis said voters had chosen to leave the EU and that included both the single market and the customs union.  Davis said the government would never allow one part of the United Kingdom to remain in the single market after Brexit, though he did allow that regulatory alignment for Northern Ireland could apply to the whole of the United Kingdom. Sterling rebounded from a six-day low against the euro on Tuesday to trade flat on the day, with investors cautiously optimistic that a deal on opening up talks on post-Brexit trade would be reached by the end of the week.  May, who is now scrambling to thrash out a deal with the EU while keeping Northern Ireland s DUP and her own party onside, may return to Brussels as early as Wednesday to continue talks, a Downing Street official said.  We re very confident that we will be able to move this forward,  finance minister Philip Hammond said as he arrived for a meeting with EU counterparts in Brussels. A European Commission spokesman said it was ready to resume Brexit negotiations as soon as London signals it is ready.  But the EU will only move to trade talks if there is enough progress on three key issues: the money Britain must pay to the EU; rights for EU citizens in Britain and British citizens in the EU; and how to avoid a hard border with Ireland. Britain must present the European Union with a good offer this week on the terms of its divorce from the bloc, or it will be too late for the EU to prepare by mid-December for the start of talks on a future trade deal, a senior EU diplomat said.  The  deadline of deadlines  is this week,  the diplomat said. All sides say they want to avoid a return to a hard border between EU member Ireland and the British province of Northern Ireland, which might upset the peace established after decades of violence. But DUP leader Arlene Foster said she had told May on Monday that the party could not support her minority government s legislation unless the Irish border draft deal was changed.  When we looked at the wording and saw the import of all that, we knew we couldn t sign up to anything that was in that text that would allow a border in the Irish Sea,  Foster told RTE in an interview. After May lost her party its majority in parliament in a June snap election, she is dependent on the DUP s 10 lawmakers in the 650-seat British parliament to ensure she can pass legislation. Nigel Dodds, deputy leader of the DUP, said it would work for as long as needed to get the Brexit deal right but accused Dublin of acting in a reckless and dangerous way that was putting years of Anglo-Irish cooperation in danger. Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said London had to make the next move, while Labour s Starmer said the DUP tail was now  wagging the Tory dog .  As things stand, the ball is very much in London s court. There is time to put this agreement back on track and we await to hear from London as soon as they re ready,  Varadkar told parliament. ",1
12949,Iran condemns U.S. decision to move embassy to Jerusalem,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran  seriously condemns  the U.S. decision to move its embassy to Jerusalem and its recognition of the city as Israel s capital, read a statement on Wednesday from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs carried by state media. The move violates international resolutions, the statement said. Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said earlier that the United States was trying to destabilize the region and start a war to protect Israel s security. The U.S. action will  incite Muslims and inflame a new intifada and encourage extremism and violent behavior for which the responsibility will lie with (the United States) and the Zionist regime (Israel),  the foreign ministry statement said. The statement also called on the international community to pressure the United States not to go through with the embassy move or the recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  The Islamic Republic of Iran has reiterated that the most important reason for the falling apart of stability and security in the Middle East is the continued occupation and the biased and unequivocal support of the American government for the Zionist regime,  the statement said.  And the deprivation of the oppressed Palestinian people from their primary rights in forming an independent Palestinian government with the noble Quds as its capital,  it said, using the Arabic name for Jerusalem. ",1
12950,Mexico says will keep its embassy in Israel in Tel Aviv,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s foreign ministry said on Wednesday that it will keep its Israeli embassy in Tel Aviv, following U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to move the nation s embassy to Jerusalem.  Mexico will continue to adhere to United Nations resolutions recognizing the status of Jerusalem, the foreign ministry said in a statement.   Mexico will continue to maintain a close and friendly bilateral relationship with the state of Israel, as evidenced by the recent visit of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to our country, and will also continue supporting the historical claims of the Palestinian people,  the statement read. ",1
12951,"Abbas says Jerusalem is eternal Palestinian capital, dismisses U.S. peace role","RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Wednesday that Jerusalem was the  eternal capital of the State of Palestine  in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement that he was recognizing the city as Israel s capital.  In a pre-recorded speech played on Palestine TV, Abbas rejected Trump s announcement which included a decision to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem, a move he said was  tantamount to the United States abdicating its role as a peace mediator.  ",1
12952,Egypt's Sisi discusses repercussions of U.S. embassy decision with Palestinian President Abbas: presidency statement,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi received a phone call from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to discuss the repercussions of the U.S. decision to move its embassy to Jerusalem, a statement from the Egyptian presidency said on Wednesday.  Sisi expressed Egypt s rejection of the move and of  any implications resulting from it,  the statement said. ",1
12953,"Tunisian labor union says Jerusalem decision a 'declaration of war', calls for protests","TUNIS (Reuters) - Tunisia s powerful labor union UGTT said U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and decision to move the U.S. embassy to the city was a declaration of war, a statement said on Wednesday.  We call...for mass protests,  the labor union said in a statement. Tunisia s foreign ministry said in a separate statement Trump s move  seriously threatens to undermine the foundations of the (Israeli-Palestinian) peace process.  ",1
12954,Qatar calls Trump's Jerusalem move 'death sentence for peace',"DOHA (Reuters) - Qatar s foreign minister said on Wednesday U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel was a death sentence for all who seek peace, Qatari-owned Al Jazeera television reported. Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani called the move  a dangerous escalation . Qatar s foreign ministry said earlier on Twitter that Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani had warned of serious implications from the decision in a telephone conversation with Trump. ",1
12955,Tillerson to visit Africa in first quarter of 2018: adviser,"RAMSTEIN AIR BASE, Germany (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is planning a trip to Africa in the first three months of next year, a senior aide said on Wednesday, amid speculation how long Tillerson might stay in the job. Earlier on Wednesday, Tillerson said there was no truth to reports that President Donald Trump intended to fire him and replace him with CIA chief Mike Pompeo. Directly addressing the issue at a news conference at NATO headquarters in Brussels, Tillerson dismissed the reports that overshadowed his week-long trip to Europe which highlighted the yearning of allies for stability in U.S. foreign policy.  Secretary Tillerson is planning a trip to Africa in the first quarter of 2018,  senior adviser R.C. Hammond told reporters at Germany s Ramstein Air Base. Hammond spoke during a stopover en route to Vienna where Tillerson is due to meet his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov  on Thursday to discuss issues such as North Korea.  Tillerson has said there can be no normal U.S. relations with Russia until Moscow ends its support for separatists in Ukraine and returned the Crimea region it annexed in 2014 - comments likely to reassure Western allies. ",1
12956,Text: Trump recognizes Jerusalem as Israel's capital,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The following is the text of an address made by President Donald Trump announcing the recognition by the United States of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. When I came into office, I promised to look at the world s challenges with open eyes and very fresh thinking. We cannot solve our problems by making the same failed assumptions and repeating the same failed strategies of the past. Old challenges demand new approaches. My announcement today marks the beginning of a new approach to conflict between Israel and the Palestinians. In 1995, Congress adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, urging the federal government to relocate the American embassy to Jerusalem and to recognize that that city   and so importantly   is Israel s capital. This act passed Congress by an overwhelming bipartisan majority and was reaffirmed by a unanimous vote of the Senate only six months ago. Yet, for over 20 years, every previous American president has exercised the law s waiver, refusing to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem or to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital city. Presidents issued these waivers under the belief that delaying the recognition of Jerusalem would advance the cause of peace. Some say they lacked courage, but they made their best judgments based on facts as they understood them at the time. Nevertheless, the record is in. After more than two decades of waivers, we are no closer to a lasting peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians. It would be folly to assume that repeating the exact same formula would now produce a different or better result.  Therefore, I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. While previous presidents have made this a major campaign promise, they failed to deliver. Today, I am delivering.   I ve judged this course of action to be in the best interests of the United States of America and the pursuit of peace between Israel and the Palestinians. This is a long-overdue step to advance the peace process and to work towards a lasting agreement. Israel is a sovereign nation with the right like every other sovereign nation to determine its own capital. Acknowledging this as a fact is a necessary condition for achieving peace. It was 70 years ago that the United States, under President Truman, recognized the State of Israel. Ever since then, Israel has made its capital in the city of Jerusalem   the capital the Jewish people established in ancient times. Today, Jerusalem is the seat of the modern Israeli government. It is the home of the Israeli parliament, the Knesset, as well as the Israeli Supreme Court. It is the location of the official residence of the Prime Minister and the President. It is the headquarters of many government ministries.  For decades, visiting American presidents, secretaries of state, and military leaders have met their Israeli counterparts in Jerusalem, as I did on my trip to Israel earlier this year. Jerusalem is not just the heart of three great religions, but it is now also the heart of one of the most successful democracies in the world. Over the past seven decades, the Israeli people have built a country where Jews, Muslims, and Christians, and people of all faiths are free to live and worship according to their conscience and according to their beliefs.   Jerusalem is today, and must remain, a place where Jews pray at the Western Wall, where Christians walk the Stations of the Cross, and where Muslims worship at Al-Aqsa Mosque.  However, through all of these years, presidents representing the United States have declined to officially recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. In fact, we have declined to acknowledge any Israeli capital at all.  But today, we finally acknowledge the obvious: that Jerusalem is Israel s capital. This is nothing more, or less, than a recognition of reality. It is also the right thing to do. It s something that has to be done. That is why, consistent with the Jerusalem Embassy Act, I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.  This will immediately begin the process of hiring architects, engineers, and planners, so that a new embassy, when completed, will be a magnificent tribute to peace. In making these announcements, I also want to make one point very clear: This decision is not intended, in any way, to reflect a departure from our strong commitment to facilitate a lasting peace agreement. We want an agreement that is a great deal for the Israelis and a great deal for the Palestinians. We are not taking a position of any final status issues, including the specific boundaries of the Israeli sovereignty in Jerusalem, or the resolution of contested borders. Those questions are up to the parties involved. The United States remains deeply committed to helping facilitate a peace agreement that is acceptable to both sides.  I intend to do everything in my power to help forge such an agreement. Without question, Jerusalem is one of the most sensitive issues in those talks. The United States would support a two-state solution if agreed to by both sides. In the meantime, I call on all parties to maintain the status quo at Jerusalem s holy sites, including the Temple Mount, also known as Haram al-Sharif.  Above all, our greatest hope is for peace, the universal yearning in every human soul. With today s action, I reaffirm my administration s longstanding commitment to a future of peace and security for the region.   There will, of course, be disagreement and dissent regarding this announcement. But we are confident that ultimately, as we work through these disagreements, we will arrive at a peace and a place far greater in understanding and cooperation. This sacred city should call forth the best in humanity, lifting our sights to what it is possible; not pulling us back and down to the old fights that have become so totally predictable. Peace is never beyond the grasp of those willing to reach. So today, we call for calm, for moderation, and for the voices of tolerance to prevail over the purveyors of hate. Our children should inherit our love, not our conflicts.  I repeat the message I delivered at the historic and extraordinary summit in Saudi Arabia earlier this year: The Middle East is a region rich with culture, spirit, and history. Its people are brilliant, proud, and diverse, vibrant and strong. But the incredible future awaiting this region is held at bay by bloodshed, ignorance, and terror.   Vice President Pence will travel to the region in the coming days to reaffirm our commitment to work with partners throughout the Middle East to defeat radicalism that threatens the hopes and dreams of future generations. It is time for the many who desire peace to expel the extremists from their midst. It is time for all civilized nations, and people, to respond to disagreement with reasoned debate  - not violence. And it is time for young and moderate voices all across the Middle East to claim for themselves a bright and beautiful future. So today, let us rededicate ourselves to a path of mutual understanding and respect. Let us rethink old assumptions and open our hearts and minds to possible and possibilities. And finally, I ask the leaders of the region   political and religious; Israeli and Palestinian; Jewish and Christian and Muslim   to join us in the noble quest for lasting peace.  Thank you. God bless you. God bless Israel. God bless the Palestinians. And God bless the United States. Thank you very much.  Thank you.   ",1
12957,Belgian police commissioner nominated to lead Europol,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian police commissioner Catherine De Bolle has been nominated to become the next head of Europe s police agency, the European Union Council said on Wednesday. De Bolle, 47, will take over from British diplomat Rob Wainwright following a formal confirmation process when his term expires on May 1, 2018. The executive director of Europol is appointed for a four-year term, renewable once. Located in The Hague, Europol coordinates police operations between E.U. member states against organized crime, terrorism, drug trafficking, money laundering and people smuggling. ",1
12958,Hamas urges action against U.S. interests over Trump's 'flagrant aggression',"GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian Islamist group Hamas said U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and decision to move the U.S. embassy to the city was a  flagrant aggression against the Palestinian people . In a speech in Washington, Trump said his announcement marked the beginning of a new approach to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas, which dominates the Gaza Strip, urged Arabs and Muslims to  undermine the U.S. interests in the region  and to  shun Israel.  ",1
12959,Egypt rejects U.S. decision to move its embassy to Jerusalem: Foreign Ministry,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt rejected the U.S. decision to move its embassy to Jerusalem, the foreign ministry said on Wednesday. It added that Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital did not change the city s legal status. ",1
12960,Turkey condemns U.S. move on Jerusalem as 'irresponsible',"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s foreign ministry on Wednesday condemned a decision by the United States to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel as  irresponsible  and called on Washington to reconsider the move. Several hundred protesters gathered outside the U.S. consulate in Istanbul, a Reuters cameraman at the scene said. The protest was largely peaceful, although some of the demonstrators threw coins and other objects at the consulate.       We condemn the irresponsible statement of the U.S. administration... declaring that it recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and it will be moving the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem,  the foreign ministry said in a statement.   We call upon the US Administration to reconsider this faulty decision which may result in highly negative outcomes and to avoid uncalculated steps that will harm the multicultural identity and historical status of Jerusalem,  it said. ",1
12961,U.N. chief says no alternative to two state solution in Middle East,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Wednesday that there was no alternative to a two-state solution between Israel and the Palestinians and that Jerusalem was a final-status issue that should be resolved through direct talks.  I have consistently spoken out against any unilateral measures that would jeopardize the prospect of peace for Israelis and Palestinians,  Guterres said after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.  In this moment of great anxiety, I want to make it clear: There is no alternative to the two-state solution. There is no Plan B,  he told reporters.  I will do everything in my power to support the Israeli and Palestinian leaders to return to meaningful negotiations.  ",1
12962,Senior Palestinian figure Dahlan urges exit from peace talks over Trump's Jerusalem move,"GAZA (Reuters) - Influential exiled Palestinian politician Mohammed Dahlan said on Wednesday Palestinians should reject any future peace talks and halt security coordination with Israel over U.S. plans to move its embassy in Israel to Jerusalem. Dahlan was speaking via his Twitter account shortly before Trump confirmed in a speech that Washington was breaking with longstanding U.S. policy by recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and moving the U.S. Embassy to the city from Tel Aviv. Palestinian leaders have denounced the planned move and said it could have dangerous consequences, while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said immediately after Trump s speech that the president s announcement was a  historic landmark  and urged other countries to follow suit.  I call for withdrawal from the absurd and endless negotiations with Israel after the principle of inviolability of the status of Jerusalem has been breached,  said Dahlan, an elected member of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas s Fatah party central committee.   I call for ending all forms of coordination, especially security coordination, with Israel and USA,  he added from the United Arab Emirates, where he had lived since a quarrel with Abbas drove him out of the Palestinian territories in 2011. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern half, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally. Under 1990s interim peace deals between Israel and the Palestinians, the future of Jerusalem is one of the key issues to be settled in final peace negotiations between the sides. The last round of negotiations collapsed in 2014 over issues such as Israel s expansion of settlements in occupied territory where Palestinians seek statehood, and efforts to restart them have failed. In a speech at the White House, Trump said his administration would begin a process of moving the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, something expected to take years. Abbas planned a televised speech on Wednesday in response to Trump s address.     ",1
12963,France's Macron regrets Trump's 'unilateral' Jerusalem decision,"ALGIERS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday he did not support U.S. President Donald Trump s  unilateral  decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and called for calm across the region.  This decision is a regrettable decision that France does not approve of and goes against international law and all the resolutions of the U.N. Security Council,  Macron told reporters at a news conference in Algiers. Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy on Wednesday and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and said he would move the embassy to the city, despite warnings from around the world that the gesture further drives a wedge between Israel and the Palestinians.  The status of Jerusalem is a question of international security that concerns the entire international community. The status of Jerusalem must be determined by Israelis and Palestinians in the framework of negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations,  he said.  Macron, who has developed a good working relationship with Trump since taking office in May, spoke to the U.S. leader earlier this week to try to convince him to change his mind.  France and Europe are attached to a two-state solution - Israel and Palestine - leaving side by side in peace and security within recognized international borders with Jerusalem the capital of both states,  he said, adding that Paris was ready to work with partners to find a solution.  He called for calm.  For now, I urge for calm and for everyone to be responsible. We must avoid at all costs avoid violence and foster dialogue,  he said. ",1
12964,Frustration and fury among Arabs at Trump's Jerusalem declaration,"CAIRO/AMMAN/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Arabs denounced President Donald Trump s plan to move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem as a slap in the face but few thought their governments would do much in response. Trump phoned allies in the Middle East late on Tuesday to tell them the United States would acknowledge Jerusalem as the capital of Israel on Wednesday and prepare to move its embassy there.  It incites feelings of anger among all Muslims and threatens world peace,  said Sheikh Ahmed al-Tayeb, Imam of Egypt s al-Azhar mosque, one of Islam s most important institutions.     The gates of hell will be opened in the West before the East,  he added, warning of the possible reaction.  Israel s sovereignty over East Jerusalem, which it seized in the 1967 war, is not recognized internationally, and under the U.S.-brokered Oslo accords of 1993 the city s status was to be decided in negotiations with Palestinians.  Arab governments issued statements of concern or condemnation and emergency meetings of both the Arab League and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation have been called. But the U.S. decision has been taken.    In a bitterly divided region, backing for Palestinians is often seen as a unifying position, but it is also often a source of internal recriminations over the extent of that support.  A cartoon in al-Arabi al-Jadeed, a London-based Arabic news website, showed Trump raising a hand against an Arab as if to slap him, wearing a large glove marked with the Israeli flag.   In Lebanon, the Daily Star newspaper ran a full page photograph of Jerusalem on its cover with the headline  No offense Mr. President, Jerusalem is the capital of Palestine .  Around the Arab world - including Egypt and Jordan, its only two countries to recognize Israel - and across the bitter divide between allies of regional rivals Saudi Arabia and Iran, people denounced the move.   Neither I nor my children nor my children s children will give up our right to Palestine and Jerusalem,  said Hilmi Aqel, a Palestinian refugee born in Jordan s al-Baqaa camp after his family fled the fighting that accompanied Israel s creation.    America does what it wants because it s powerful and thinks it won t feel the consequences ... Jerusalem is the capital of Palestine, not of Israel. It never can be,  said Nada Saeed, 24, a property broker in Cairo.   This is a provocation for the Arabs,  said Mahdi Msheikh, 43, a taxi driver in Beirut s Hamra district.  However, few people Reuters interviewed on Wednesday expected their governments to take any real action.   What saddens me most about this is that Palestine in the past was an ultimate rights cause for us as Syrians and Arabs ... Palestine has retreated from our priorities,  said a lecturer at Damascus university, who asked not to be named.       Saudi Arabia, home to Islam s holiest sites, pushed a plan in 2002 offering Israel peace with all Arab countries in return for a Palestinian state including east Jerusalem.  But a recent newspaper report suggested it was willing to compromise on several areas that are regarded by Palestinians and some other Arab countries as red lines. Riyadh has denied that and called on Trump not to move the embassy.   The current events on the world stage and especially in the Gulf help Trump take this step because the most important thing is that Saudi Arabia is not against it,  said Adnan, a 52-year-old trader in Beirut.  The kingdom s top clergy issued a mild statement saying Saudi Arabia supported Jerusalem, but did not explicitly denounce Trump s move.  Many Saudi Twitter users posting under the hashtag  Jerusalem is the eternal capital of Palestine , shared a film clip of the late King Faisal, who launched the 1973 Arab oil embargo against the West, pledging never to accept Israel.  But one Twitter user posting with a common Saudi family name said that while Muslims and Arabs would be provoked by the move, its top royals would not be. Instead, they would  suppress any move or call to jihad against the Zionist enemy , he wrote. In Cairo, Khaled Abdelkhalik, a lawyer, said:  We paraded Trump as an ally of the Arabs, but he turned out dirtier than his predecessors.   Jordan, which agreed peace with Israel in 1994 while the peace process with the Palestinians still seemed on track, held a special session of parliament.   I call on my colleagues to tear up the treaty of humiliation and shame,  said MP Yahya Saoud, referring to the peace deal. Jordan, like Lebanon, is home to hundreds of thousands of Palestinian refugees.   This is a conspiracy that is denying us our rights, the first of which is to return. They think we are a branch of thorns that they can step on and break,  said Fadia, a social worker with two daughters in Lebanon s Burj al-Barajneh Palestinian refugee camp.   But we are a bomb. If they step on it, it explodes,  she said.  In Israel, analysts said that despite such warnings, they expected little violence or opposition.   The moderate camp in the Arab world needs the United States as well as Israel in order to face their main threat, which is Iran,  said Efraim Inbar, president of the Jerusalem Institute for Strategic Studies.   We may see some public announcements maybe denouncing the American decision, but in substantive terms I don t think much will change.       ",1
12965,Former Catalan leader says to stay in Belgium for time being,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, facing arrest in Spain for organising an illegal independence referendum in October, said on Tuesday he would stay in Belgium for the time being. Spanish authorities dropped an international arrest warrant for him on Monday in order to bring his case solely under Spanish jurisdiction and avoid a lengthy extradition process through the Belgian courts.  For the moment we will stay here,  Puigdemont said at a press conference in Brussels. Puigdemont declared the northeastern region of Catalonia an independent republic on Oct. 27, leading Madrid to impose direct rule on the regional government and fire the pro-independence administration. The resulting political uncertainty has led to thousands of companies moving their legal base from Catalonia and has dented tourist figures and retail sales in the wealthy Mediterranean region. Puigdemont and four ex-cabinet members travelled to Brussels shortly after he was sacked by the central government. His former No. 2, Oriol Junqueras, is in custody in a Madrid jail while his role in the organisation of the referendum is investigated. Puigdemont faces charges of rebellion, sedition, misuse of public funds, disobedience and breach of trust in Spain. His party,  Together for Catalonia , is campaigning on a pro-independence ticket for Dec. 21 elections called by Madrid in an effort to resolve the crisis.  The central government hopes the elections will usher in a new administration that favours unity with Spain. Puigdemont said he hoped to be able to return to Spain if he was elected a member of the Catalan parliament, but he was not sure if he would be arrested and put in custody.  We have to carefully consider such a decision before taking it,  he said. ",1
12966,Why is there uproar over Trump's Jerusalem declaration?," JERUSALEM (Reuters) - President Donald Trump announced on Wednesday that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and that it will move its embassy to the holy city.  In doing so, Trump is breaking with longtime U.S. policy and potentially threatening regional stability, despite warnings from Western and Arab allies.  Why is President Trump planning to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and move the embassy there? There has long been pressure from pro-Israel politicians in the United States to move its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, and Trump made it a signature promise of his campaign during the 2016 presidential election.  It is a decision that will likely be popular with many conservative and evangelical Christians in his political base. Many of them support political recognition of Israel s claim to the city. Vice President Mike Pence and David Friedman, the ambassador to Israel appointed by Trump, are thought to have pushed hard for both recognition and embassy relocation.  Why does Jerusalem play such an important role in the Middle East conflict? Religion, politics and history.  Jerusalem is a city that is sacred to three of the great monotheistic faiths: Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and each has sites of great religious significance there. It has been fought over for millennia by its inhabitants, by invading Romans, Crusaders, Ottomans and the British Empire, and by the modern states of Israel and its Arab neighbors.  Israel s government regards Jerusalem as the eternal and indivisible capital of the country, although that is not recognized internationally.  Palestinians feel equally strongly, saying that East Jerusalem must be the capital of an eventual Palestinian state. The city even has different names. Jews call it Jerusalem, or Yerushalayim, and Arabs call it Al-Quds, which means  The Holy .  But the city s significance goes beyond the two parties most immediately involved.  At the heart of Jerusalem s Old City is the hill which is known to Jews across the world as Har ha-Bayit, or Temple Mount, and to Muslims internationally as al-Haram al-Sharif, or The Noble Sanctuary.  It was home to the Jewish temples of antiquity but all that remains of them above ground is a restraining wall for the foundations built by Herod the Great. Known as the Western Wall, this is a sacred place of prayer for Jews.  Within yards of the wall, and overlooking it, are two Muslim holy places, the Dome of the Rock and the Al-Aqsa Mosque, which was built in the 8th century. Muslims regard the site as the third holiest in Islam, after Mecca and Medina.  The city is also an important pilgrimage site for Christians, who revere it as the place where they believe that Jesus Christ preached, died and was resurrected.  What is the city s status now and does any other country have an embassy in Jerusalem? When British rule ended in 1948, Jordanian forces occupied the Old City and Arab East Jerusalem. Israel captured East Jerusalem from Jordan in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed it in a move not recognized internationally.  In 1980 the Israeli parliament passed a law declaring the  complete and united  city of Jerusalem to be the capital of Israel, but the United Nations regards East Jerusalem as occupied, and the city s status as disputed until resolved by negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians.  Other countries have had embassies in Jerusalem in the past, but moved them out of the city some years ago. The King of Jordan retains a role in ensuring the upkeep of the Muslim holy places.  What is likely to happen next? Has Jerusalem been a flashpoint before? Tensions are running high in Jerusalem, and violence has erupted before over matters of sovereignty and religion.  In 1969 an Australian Messianic Christian tried to burn down the Al-Aqsa Mosque. He failed, but caused damage. So charged was the Middle East s political climate  - just two years after the Six Day War - that there was fury across the Arab world.  In 2000, the Israeli politician Ariel Sharon, then opposition leader, led a group of Israeli lawmakers onto the Temple Mount/al-Haram al-Sharif complex. Palestinians protested, and there were violent clashes that quickly escalated into the second Palestinian uprising, also known as the Al-Aqsa Intifada.  Deadly confrontations also took place in July this year after Israel installed metal detectors at the entrance to the complex following the killing of two Israeli policemen there by Arab-Israeli gunmen.  In recent days, Palestinian factions have called for protests, and Arab leaders across the Middle East have warned that a unilateral American move could lead to turmoil, and hamper U.S. efforts to restart long-stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks.  ",1
12967,Ireland open to adding to border text but clock ticking,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland is open to adding to a tentative Irish border agreement that collapsed on Monday but movement will be needed by the end of the week if Brexit talks are to move onto the next phase this year, the country s European Affairs Minister said on Wednesday. A deal on the border, which is required if negotiations are to progress to trade talks, was agreed on Monday with Dublin s blessing after Brexit negotiators guaranteed  regulatory alignment  on both sides of the border that Ireland shares with the British province of Northern Ireland.  While the Northern Irish party propping up the British government rejected the deal, Dublin insists it will not accept any change to the substance of the agreement ahead of a meeting of EU leaders on Dec. 15 to decide whether to open trade talks.  The text that has been agreed, we feel it s appropriate, it s workable, there is compromise on both sides and addresses our concerns of upholding what we ve all been asking for, that there would be no return to a hard border,  Helen McEntee told Reuters in an interview.  If there is clarification needed on the text, if there is possibly additional wording that would clarify what s already in the text that would be agreeable to us... I wouldn t see how that would be a problem.  The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it cannot allow any divergence in regulation between Northern Ireland and other parts of the United Kingdom. Dublin is waiting for the British government to come back to the EU s negotiating team with any suggestions or a request for further clarity, McEntee said. EU diplomats and officials say Britain must deliver its Brexit divorce package offer this week and McEntee added that if it s felt by Monday that a deal is not going to happen, then she would expect chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier to inform the General Affairs Council of EU ministers of that a day later. However, she said the huge amount of work officials put in last weekend to bring the sides to the brink of a deal on Monday showed how much progress can be made in a few short days.  Realistically you would want things to be moving by the end of the week and there to be some sort of agreement coming into the general affairs council,  she said.   I think the fact that it was agreed shows most people were happy with that and I think it s just to move from there and I would be hopeful that we would be able to reach that agreement by next week.  ",1
12968,U.S. energy chief says to start negotiations on nuclear pact with Riyadh,"ADU DHABI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia is interested in reaching a civilian nuclear cooperation agreement with Washington, the U.S. government s energy chief said on Wednesday, a step which would allow American companies to participate in the kingdom s civil nuclear program. Saudi Arabia has invited U.S. firms to take part in developing the kingdom s atomic energy program, Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said on Monday. U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry, who this week visited Saudi Arabia on his first official trip to the region told Reuters that negotiations between the two allies will start soon to tackle the details of the pact - known as a 123 agreement.   We heard that message that ...  we want the United States to be our partner in this ,  Perry said, referring to discussions he had during his meetings with Falih and the top Saudi leadership. Perry met with Saudi King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman during his trip. But one potential sticking point could prove to be Riyadh s ambitions to have the ability of one day enriching uranium - the process for producing fissile material which can have military uses. Riyadh has said it wants to tap its own uranium resources for  self-sufficiency in producing nuclear fuel  and it was not interested in diverting nuclear technology to military use. But under Article 123 of the U.S. Atomic Energy Act, a peaceful cooperation agreement is required for the transfer of nuclear materials, technology and equipment. Washington usually requires a country to sign a pact that blocks it from making nuclear fuel which has potential bomb-making applications. In previous talks Saudi Arabia has refused to sign up to any agreement that would deprive it of the possibility of one day enriching uranium itself. Perry declined to comment whether that issue was raised during his visit to Saudi Arabia.  It is not for me to negotiate the deal but we have agreed to move forward ... We are going to get a negotiating team together going forward and try to hash out any details. But I feel comfortable that progress was made on that front,  he said. The world s top oil exporter says it wants nuclear power to diversify its energy supply mix, enabling it to export more crude rather than burning it to generate electricity. Riyadh sent a request for information to nuclear reactor suppliers in October in a first step towards opening a multi-billion-dollar tender competition for two nuclear power plants, and plans to award the first construction contract in 2018. Riyadh s main reason for leaving the door open to enrichment in the future may be political - to ensure the Sunni Muslim kingdom has the same potential to enrich uranium as Shi ite Muslim Iran, industry sources and analysts say. ",1
12969,"Ivory Coast to retire 1,000 soldiers to slim down military","ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Ivory Coast will cut its armed forces by about 1,000 troops by the end of the year, the government spokesman said on Wednesday, in a bid to rationalize a costly and sometimes unruly military. Government spokesman Bruno Kone told reporters after a cabinet meeting that the 997 soldiers had accepted voluntary retirement this year as part of an initiative to conform to  accepted standards , partly by reducing the ratio of non-commissioned officers to lower ranks. Ivory Coast does not give details on the size of its military, but security sources estimate there are more than 25,000 troops in a country with a population of about 24 million. Francophone West Africa s biggest economy suffered two army mutinies this year that damaged its reputation among investors and forced the government to agree to costly pay rises.   The distribution of Ivory Coast s army is out of step with the standards accepted in modern armies,  Kone said.    The former French colony, once known as one of the most stable states in West Africa, is still recovering from a brief civil war fought after President Alassane Ouattara won a disputed election in 2010 but incumbent Laurent Gbagbo refused to step down. Ouattara has struggled to assert his authority over the army, which was cobbled together in an uneasy merger of the northern New Forces rebels who supported him and the professional troops who had fought against him. The soldiers being taken out of action included three senior officers, 634 non-commissioned officers and 354 regular foot soldiers, Kone said. ",1
12970,Kazakh leader tells cabinet: Make state firms move cash home or you're fired,"ASTANA (Reuters) - Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev threatened on Wednesday to sack his cabinet if they failed to make large state companies bring back cash held abroad. Nazarbayev, who wields sweeping powers in the oil-rich nation, also poured scorn on executives in private sector companies who, he suggested, were enjoying lavish lifestyles while keeping funds in foreign accounts.  Enough of toying around, look at them, carried away with their games, keeping their money abroad, buying yachts and mansions in multiple countries,  he said at a meeting with central government and regional officials.   It is safer to keep money here, at home, we will ensure it is safe.  Nazarbayev ordered Prime Minister Bakytzhan Sagintayev to investigate why state-controlled companies had tripled their foreign cash holdings to $6 billion in the first half of 2017. He did not cite a source for that figure.  If you fail to do this, I warn you in front of the whole Kazakhstan, I will use other ways to return that money to Kazakhstan, but you will not be here any more,  he told his cabinet. Nazarbayev said he also expected private sector companies to move cash back, citing Tengizchevroil, a joint venture led by Chevron, and state firm KazMunayGaz, as examples of groups keeping funds in foreign accounts.  Tengizchevroil $4.5 billion, National Company KazMunayGaz - $3 billion, KazMunaiGas Exploration and Production - $2 billion.  Again, he did not give a source for those figures.     Tengizchevroil said it would comment later this week and KazMunayGaz could not immediately be reached for comment.  Why are you doing this? You keep your money there while profiting from Kazakhstan s resources. Why is this money not being put to work in Kazakhstan?  Nazarbayev said. Citing central bank data, he said some companies had also abused liberal foreign exchange regulations to delay the transfer to Kazakhstan of $7.7 billion in export revenue. ",1
12971,EU exec proposes deeper euro zone integration to unite EU,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission proposed on Wednesday ideas for deeper euro zone integration in an effort to help unite the broader European Union, as eurosceptic sentiment grows across the EU and Britain prepares to leave the EU in 2019. The Commission, the EU s executive arm, presented a package of proposals aimed at giving the 19 countries sharing the euro better protection against future financial crises. But plans to tighten cooperation among the 19 euro countries have sparked concern among the eight non-euro countries that they will become second-class members of the EU, with less say - and less funds - in the future. To alleviate those fears, the Commission stressed that all their proposals were open to all EU members, even though that clashes with the thinking of some euro zone leaders, such as French President Emmanuel Macron. Macron has called for creating a euro zone budget of several hundred billion euros, a euro zone finance minister and a euro zone parliament. The Commission proposed creating cash incentives for countries for structural reforms and special funds for non-euro economies, all of which - except Denmark - are obligated to adopt the euro at some point, to prepare for euro adoption.  But heavyweight Germany was quick to pour cold water on one key part of the plans putting in doubt just how far they would get.   The Commission backed the idea of setting up what it calls a euro zone  stabilisation function , because the monetary policy of the European Central Bank cannot deal with economic crises that hit only one or a few countries in the euro zone. That would be a pool of money to protect investment with loans and a relatively  limited grant component , the Commission said. To be effective and credible, it should be big enough to pay out at least 1 percent of GDP and be allowed to borrow.  Access to the  stabilisation function , managed by the Commission, would be for those who stick to EU rules.  The money would come from loans from the EU budget, voluntary contributions from governments and loans from the euro zone bailout fund with guarantees from the EU budget. The Commission said that for this to work,  a limited borrowing capacity could be constructed  in the next EU budget. Germany expressed reservations though.  I don t think it makes sense to prejudge anything, but the outgoing government was not convinced that new buffers at the European level are necessary,  Germany s acting finance minister Peter Altmaier said. Instead of a euro zone finance minister, the Commission called for naming a pan-European Minister of Economy and Finance, who would also be a senior member of the European Commission and chair meetings of euro zone finance ministers. The minister would also oversee the work of the euro zone bailout fund as the chairman of its board, much like the head of euro zone finance ministers, the Eurogroup, does now. The job might be created when the next European Commission starts work in November 2019, the Commission said, and whoever gets it would be accountable to the European Parliament. Under the current arrangement, the chair of the euro zone finance ministers, the closest thing the bloc now has to a single finance minister, often testifies before the parliament s economic committee, but it has no power over him or her. Euro zone finance ministers have little enthusiasm for allowing the Commission, which is only an observer at their monthly meetings, to chair their talks. Other euro zone integration ideas, floated by Germany, include transforming the euro zone s government-owned and run  bailout fund into a European Monetary Fund. The Commission backed that idea, but said the EMF should become an EU institution, which would be overseen by the European Parliament   an idea officials have said would not fly with governments.  The EMF, which the Commission hopes to get agreement on by mid-2019 from governments and the European Parliament, would also provide a 60 billion-euro backstop for the bank-funded Single Resolution Fund. The Commission did not address the proposal of Germany and backed by Slovakia and the Netherlands to create a sovereign insolvency mechanism that would put pressure on governments to conduct prudent fiscal policy. Economists were not impressed with the Commission proposals.  A first browsing of the documents allows us to conclude that hardly anything will change,  ING economist Carsten Brzeski wrote in a note to clients.  Today s proposals go in the right direction but are not new and clearly not a game changer.  ",1
12972,Supporters free ex-Georgian leader Saakashvili from Ukrainian police amid chaotic scenes,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian supporters of former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili freed him from a police van on Tuesday after his detention on suspicion of assisting a criminal organisation led to clashes with police in Kiev. Once freed, Saakashvili raised a hand in a V-for-victory sign   a handcuff still dangling from his wrist as he stood in a melee of supporters. He then led protesters towards parliament, where he called defiantly for President Petro Poroshenko to be removed from office. Prosecutors said they would make all efforts to regain custody of Saakashvili but the chaotic scenes of his detention and escape are likely to undermine the image of stability that Ukraine s leadership are keen to present to foreign backers.  Ukrainian prosecutors suspect Saakashvili of receiving financing from a criminal group linked to former president Viktor Yanukovich which planned to overthrow the current government. He could face up to five years if found guilty. Saakashvili is also wanted in Georgia on criminal charges which he says were trumped up for political reasons.  Masked officers had earlier dragged Saakashvili, 49, from an apartment in the Ukrainian capital. But his supporters prevented the police van from moving off, hemming it in and eventually freeing him by breaking its windows and back door. Protesters also started assembling a barricade of tyres, wood and stones ripped up from the street in scenes reminiscent of Ukraine s 2013-14 pro-European  Maidan  uprising.  Today you maybe saved me from death, therefore my life belongs to you,  Saakashvili told a crowd at a makeshift camp outside parliament built by opposition supporters in September.  The people of Ukraine must assemble and force the Ukrainian parliament to remove from power the criminal group led by the traitor to Ukraine, Poroshenko,  he said. General Prosecutor Yuriy Lutsenko said Saakashvili had a 24- hour deadline to present himself to the state security service, but subsequent comments by his press office suggested he could be detained earlier.  All legal grounds for his detention have been established,  spokesman Andriy Lysenko said. The detention was the latest twist in a prolonged feud between the Ukrainian authorities and Saakashvili, who was invited by Poroshenko to become a regional governor after the  Maidan  protests ousted a pro-Russian president in early 2014. The two quickly fell out and Saakashvili turned on his one-time patron. It is unclear if Tuesday s events will lead to wider unrest, as Saakashvili enjoys limited support in Ukraine. Only 1.7 percent of voters would support his party, the Movement of New Forces, in elections, according to an October survey by the Kiev-based Razumkov Centre think-tank. In a response to a request for comment on the case and on Saakashvili s comments on Poroshenko, the president s administration said law enforcement had found evidence to back up the claims against Saakashvili.  These facts clearly demonstrate the true price of all the political and  incriminating  statements, which were recently made by Mikheil Saakashvili,  it said in a statement.     Georgian prosecutors said they had not been informed of Tuesday s developments by their Ukrainian counterparts. Saakashvili made a dramatic return to Ukraine in September, barging his way across the border from Poland despite having been stripped of Ukrainian citizenship and facing the threat of possible extradition to Georgia. He wants to unseat Poroshenko and replace him with a new, younger politician. His supporters have camped in tents outside parliament and launched sporadic protests since his return.    We have been waiting for it (the arrest) for months, of course, and especially in the recent weeks,  Saakashvili s wife Sandra Roelofs told Georgian TV Rustavi 2.   It s illegal and outrageous.    Saakashvili received Ukrainian citizenship when he reinveted himself as a Ukrainian politician. He was made governor of the Odessa region in 2015 on the strength of the reforms he carried out in Georgia.  But he fell out with Poroshenko, accusing him of corruption, while Poroshenko s office said Saakashvili was trying to deflect from his own shortcomings as an administrator.  He was stripped of his citizenship by Poroshenko in July and is now stateless. Saakashvili s supporters see him as a fearless crusader against corruption but critics say there is little substance behind his blustery rhetoric. In his homeland, where he took power after a peaceful pro-Western uprising known as the Rose Revolution in 2003, his time in office was tarnished by what critics said was his attempts to monopolise power and exert pressure on the judiciary.  He was president at the time of a disastrous five-day war with Russia in 2008, a conflict that his critics argued was the result of his own miscalculations. ",1
12973,"Netanyahu says Israel expanding Middle East ties, but not with Iran","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel is expanding ties throughout the Middle East but not with Iran, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Wednesday, accusing his country s arch-foe of trying to dominate the region. Addressing a Jerusalem diplomatic conference, Netanyahu said Israel has relations  with nearly every single one  of nations that do not formally recognize it, due to their growing need for its economic and security expertise.   See that country in red? By the way that s not on our list of diplomatic allies,  he said, pointing to Iran on a regional map. He deemed Iran an  aggressive regime  seeking nuclear arms and a  land bridge  via its allies to the Mediterranean sea. ",1
12974,"GSK, other drugmakers bet on post-Brexit UK science","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain won a vote of confidence from its economically important life sciences sector on Wednesday as several major drug companies committed to invest in the country under the government s industrial strategy plans after Brexit. The move is welcome news for Prime Minister Theresa May, who has struggled to win over large sections of industry as Britain prepares to leave the European Union. Thanks to the strength of UK universities and the presence of two major pharmaceuticals companies in GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca, the drugs industry has been a bright spot in the British economy for many years.  But the highly regulated sector faces potential obstacles to trade as a result of Brexit unless London and Brussels manage to align regulatory regimes for medicines. In a bid to soften the blow, the government has backed a report by immunologist and geneticist John Bell designed to boost the pharmaceutical sector via fresh public-private collaborations. That has paved the way for the Life Sciences Sector Deal, which will see GSK invest 40 million pounds ($54 million) of new money in genomic research, including a plan to sequence DNA from all 500,000 volunteer participants enrolled in UK Biobank, the world s most detailed biomedical database. GSK s head of research Patrick Vallance said the deal showed Britain remained an attractive place for drug discovery, but he cautioned:  The UK needs to recognize going forward that science is an international endeavor, not a parochial endeavor.  Other investments by pharma companies include plans by Johnson & Johnson and the Medicines Co to work on new clinical trials and genetic research by AstraZeneca. U.S. drugmaker Merck & Co had already announced plans to expand UK research operations under the deal last week. In all, the government said the deal brought together existing and future commitments by 25 global organizations. Other companies in discussions with the government about investments include Philips, Roche Diagnostics, Siemens, GE Healthcare and Toshiba Medical Systems. As a key part of the deal, the government said it was committed to increasing investment in R&D to 2.4 percent of GDP by 2027 and 3 percent over the longer term. ",1
12975,Exclusive: Saudi-led blockade cuts fuel lifeline to Yemen,"LONDON (Reuters) - No fuel shipments have reached Yemen s largest port for a month, a Reuters analysis of port and ship tracking data shows, as a Saudi Arabian-led blockade on the war-torn country tightens despite international calls for the siege to end. Tankers laden with oil have turned away from Hodeida, the biggest entry point for cargo to the devastated north, without unloading. The United Nations  body tasked with inspecting ships seeking to enter the area said on Wednesday it could not say when such ships would be allowed through. The shortage means areas hardest hit by war, malnutrition and cholera lack functioning hospital generators, cooking fuel and water pumps. It also makes it harder to move food and medical aid around the country. At least one in four people in the nation of 28 million is starving, according to the United Nations, as a three-year civil war, stoked by regional foes Saudi Arabia and Iran, rages on. The United Nations and individual governments including Britain have urged Saudi Arabia over the past few weeks to loosen its blockade on Yemen s northern Red Sea ports. In a statement to Reuters, a spokesperson for the U.N. inspection body, the Verification and Inspection Mechanism for Yemen (UNVIM), said the Saudi-led coalition forces have refused tankers permission to enter Hodeida despite its approval,  and repeated attempts by the vessels to proceed ... The coalition has repeatedly said their priority is food only.  The coalition has turned away up to 12 tankers in recent weeks, the UNVIM spokesperson said, adding:  UNVIM is unable to say when the coalition will allow fuel tankers to enter Yemen s Red Sea ports  anchorage areas.  Saudi Arabia and its allies, with the backing of the United States, first positioned warships in Yemeni waters in 2015. Since then, commercial shipments to Hodeida and other ports controlled by Iran-backed Houthi militia have suffered severe restrictions and delays.  In early November, after a Houthi ballistic missile was fired into Riyadh, Saudi Arabia blocked all Yemen s ports, preventing any shipments - including humanitarian aid - from entering the country. Since then, Riyadh has reopened southern ports, including Aden, which are under the control of the Saudi-backed internationally recognized government, and allowed humanitarian aid into Hodeida.  But the squeeze on commercial shipments to Hodeida has tightened. According to Hodeida port records, Saudi-led military forces last month ordered at least six oil tankers to leave the port before unloading. Captain Mohammed Ishaq, executive chairman of the Yemen Red Sea Ports Corporation, which operates Hodeida, told Reuters on Tuesday no fuel shipments had reached the port since Nov. 6.  The International Committee of the Red Cross warned last week that water systems in nine cities including Hodeida had run out of fuel stocks. Since then,  as a last resort,  it said it has supplied fuel to the water authorities of Hodeida and Taiz to help provide clean water to over one million people, as well as to several hospitals in the embattled capital of Sanaa. A spokesman for the Saudi coalition could not be reached for comment. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told Reuters last month that no country in the world had provided more aid to Yemen than Saudi Arabia. Al-Jubeir said the aid was only distributed in government-held areas and not Houthi areas, because  the Houthis steal the aid and they sell it for profit.  But aid agencies say aid can only cover a fraction of the nation s needs.  We re facing the worst famine seen in decades, and that won t change unless commercial shipments of food and fuel are allowed in,  said Shane Stevenson, Yemen country director with aid group Oxfam. Residents of Hodeida say the shortage has pushed up the price of existing fuel. The price of 200 liters of petrol on the black market costs 11,000 Yemeni riyals compared with 5,200 riyals before the conflict, residents say.  A 50 kg bag of flour has climbed to 8,500 riyals from 7,000 riyal before the closures on Nov. 6. Iman Ahmed, a 43-year-old teacher in Hodeida, said in late November the high price of diesel was having a devastating effect in rural areas outside of the port city.  Fisherman have stopped working because of warships and coalition air strikes. Farmers have stopped work because of a sharp rise in the price of diesel.  Abdo Haidar, a 43-year-old father of seven, said separately:   Life has become so hard.  Before the war things were going OK, there were jobs, I was able to feed my family. Now ... gas is barely available and basic necessities cost double. Most of the time our food is now bread and tea.  ",1
12976,"U.S. asks officials to defer travel to Israel, West Bank to December 20","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department issued a cable to all its diplomatic posts worldwide on Wednesday asking its officials to defer non-essential travel to Israel, Jerusalem and the West Bank until Dec. 20 according to a copy of the cable seen by Reuters.  Embassy Tel Aviv and Consulate General Jerusalem request that all non-essential visitors defer their travel to Israel, Jerusalem and the West Bank from December 4-December 20, 2017,  said the cable, which did not specify a reason for the request. ",1
12977,Cameroon escalates military crackdown on Anglophone separatists,"YAOUNDE (Reuters) - Cameroon s government has ordered thousands of villagers to leave their homes in the Anglophone Southwest region as it deploys troops to root out armed separatists who have vowed to loosen President Paul Biya s long grip on power. The deployment marks an escalation of Biya s year-long crackdown on peaceful protests in the English-speaking Northwest and Southwest regions that has killed dozens of civilians and forced thousands to flee their homes in fear of reprisals. Now, the government is using force to confront an insurgency that has sprung up alongside the civil unrest. The separatists have killed at least eight soldiers and policemen over the past month as part of their campaign to break from the capital Yaounde in Francophone Cameroon and form a separate state called Ambazonia. Authorities of the Manyu Division in the Southwest on Dec. 1 gave the order to evacuate 16 villages across the region. They warned that anyone deciding to stay  will be treated as accomplices or perpetrators of ongoing criminal occurrences.  Motorbikes, a preferred mode of transport for separatist attackers, were ordered off the roads between 7 p.m. and 6 a.m.  People ran helter skelter when they saw the statement,  said Agbor Valery, a lawyer in Mamfe, which is near some of the evacuated villages. He said people were afraid of being rounded up and put in jail, as has happened since September in other areas of the English-speaking part of the country.   If you go to the villages, everyone has fled. Only the old people stayed. The streets are quiet. It is highly militarized. At night, you hear gunfire.    Valery said he saw hundreds of troops and truck loads of military equipment arrive in Mamfe on Sunday that were then deployed to the surrounding villages.  Reuters was unable to independently verify his account but two military sources in the city of Bamenda in Northwest region confirmed that additional security forces have been deployed in the English-speaking regions.   The separatist movement compounds problems for 84-year-old Biya, who has ruled Cameroon since 1982 and plans to stand for another term next year. The economy has slowed sharply since 2014, while attacks in the Far North region by Islamist militant group Boko Haram have strained the military. The fall last month of Zimbabwe s leader Robert Mugabe after decades in power highlights the potential vulnerability of Africa s long serving rulers amid a growing grassroots push for strict term limits for presidents. Last week Biya vowed to flush out secessionists, whom he called  criminals . Defense minister Joseph Beti Assomo said on Monday the new deployment would  prevent terrorists from harming others . Violence has spiraled since last year when government forces crushed peaceful protests by Anglophone teachers and lawyers protesting their perceived marginalization by the French-speaking majority. The heavy-handed government response fuelled support for the separatist movement, which has existed on the fringes of Cameroonian politics for decades. The response has also forced thousands out of their homes. More than 5,000 have fled Anglophone Cameroon across the border to Nigeria since Oct. 1, the United Nations said. Nigeria is also English speaking. The U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR) said it is making preparations for up to 40,000 refugees.  Refugees  stories have been slow to emerge because of government-imposed internet outages that have blocked messaging and social media sites like Facebook and Whatsapp. But they are beginning to shed light on what new refugees will likely face. Abia David told Reuters that he left Bamenda in Northwest Cameroon on Oct. 27 amid widespread arrests in the town. He heard from friends that the police were coming to arrest him because he is a member of an opposition political group. To escape Bamenda, and avoid its increasingly crowded jail, he cycled 16 kilometers into the countryside to the head of a bush road. From there he walked some 100 km (62 miles) alone north through a series of remote villages towards Nigeria.   There was no time to carry food. I had one change of clothes but I lost that.  He slept on strangers  floors and arrived in Nigeria a week later, where he fell ill with malaria. He said NGOs on the border had estimated an extra 1,000-odd people had arrived since the weekend.  The UNHCR is offering provisions like mosquito nets and is helping refugees find housing. So far there is no central camp for refugees and they rely on the hospitality of Nigerians for room and board.  For David, it beats going home. Asked if he planned to return, he said:  Go home to where? Go home to be killed? To go to jail without trial? I can only go back once this is resolved.  ",1
12978,"U.S., France urge Russia to 'deliver' Assad delegation to Syria peace talks","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United States and France called on Russia on Wednesday to deliver the delegation of President Bashar al-Assad to Syria peace talks in Geneva after discussions on ending the six-year war resumed with no sign of the government attending.  The eighth round of negotiations began last week and after a few days with little apparent progress, U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura said the government delegation, led by Bashar al-Ja afari, was returning to Damascus to  consult and refresh . De Mistura expected talks to resume  around Tuesday  Dec. 5, but Ja afari left Geneva on Saturday and said he might not come back because the opposition had stated that Assad could not play a role in a future interim government. A source close to the Syrian government s negotiating team told Reuters the delegation was still in Damascus on Wednesday.  We have said to the Russians it is important that the Syrian regime be at the table and be part of these negotiations and part of the discussion,  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told a news conference in Brussels.  We have left it to the Russians to deliver them to table.  A diplomat in Geneva said it was likely, but not confirmed, that the delegation would return to Geneva on Friday. Russia s RIA news agency quoted an unnamed source as saying they would arrive on Sunday or Monday.  Syrian officials have not said if Ja afari will return to the talks but opposition spokesman Yahya al-Aridi said on Monday a government boycott would be  an embarrassment to Russia , which is keen to see a negotiated end to the war. The opposition negotiating team arrived at the U.N. offices in Geneva on Wednesday morning to resume talks with de Mistura, who declined to comment late on Tuesday when asked about the absence of Ja afari s negotiators.  It takes two to Tango, but at the same time you need to talk to the other party,  Aridi told reporters on Wednesday.  If they are quite serious about bringing peace to Syria, well they should show up.  France, a key backer of the Syrian opposition, accused the government of blocking the U.N.-led effort and refusing to engage in good faith to achieve a political solution.  This refusal highlights the obstruction strategy of the political process carried out by the Damascus regime, which is responsible for the absence of progress in the negotiations,  French foreign ministry deputy spokesman Alexandre Georgini told reporters. He also said that Russia, as one of Assad s main supporters, needed to assume its responsibilities so that the Syrian government finally entered the negotiations.  The Russian mission in Geneva did not immediately respond to requests for comment. During last week s sessions, de Mistura shuttled between representatives of the warring sides, who did not meet face-to-face. He had planned to continue the round until Dec. 15.  ",1
12979,"Putin declares ""complete victory"" on both banks of Euphrates in Syria","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday a complete victory had been achieved over Islamic State militants on both banks of the Euphrates river in Syria. In comments released by the Kremlin, Putin said the military operation in the area was now finished, and that the focus would switch to a political process that would eventually involve presidential and parliamentary elections. Putin did not specify whether he was referring to the end of military operations in the whole of Syria, or just the areas around the Euphrates valley.  Russia s military intervention in Syria s civil war in 2015 has turned the tide of the conflict in favor of Moscow s ally, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and against rebel groups fighting to oust him.  Western governments and rights groups have alleged Russian air strikes killed civilians, an allegation Moscow has denied.  Two hours ago, the (Russian) defense minister reported to me that the operations on the eastern and western banks of the Euphrates have been completed with the total rout of the terrorists,  Putin said.  Naturally, there could still be some pockets of resistance, but overall the military work at this stage and on this territory is completed with, I repeat, the total rout of the terrorists,  he said.  We need to ... move, undoubtedly, on to the next stage - the start of a political process.   Putin also said it was important to establish the Congress of Syrian Peoples, a proposed peace conference that Russia has offered to host, which would lead to the preparation of a new constitution and then presidential and parliamentary elections.  But it is a big and prolonged task,  he said.  ",1
12980,Trump says his decision on Jerusalem is long overdue,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday his decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel is long overdue.  I think it s long overdue. Many presidents have said they want to do something and they didn t do it,  he said in a Cabinet meeting ahead of his midday speech on Israel.  ",1
12981,UK government still undecided on final Brexit aims: Hammond,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s government has not yet decided what it wants from a final Brexit deal because it is still waiting to clear preliminary talks with Brussels, finance minister Philip Hammond said on Wednesday. With the clock ticking towards Britain s scheduled March 2019 exit from the European union, the government is focused at the moment on getting a green light for the negotiations on future trade relations with the EU, Hammond said.  The cabinet has had general discussions about our Brexit negotiations but we haven t had a specific mandating of an end-state position,  he told lawmakers in Britain s parliament. Prime Minister Theresa May s top ministers have big differences over what Brexit should mean for Britain, and over the extent of concessions that the country should offer in return for preferential access to the EU s single market. Hammond said a group of key government ministers would deal with the issue once Britain is given the go-ahead by other EU countries that it can proceed with negotiations for a new, post-Brexit trade deal. That go-ahead is on hold pending an agreement by the bloc s other 27 member states that Britain has done enough on the terms of its divorce, now stuck on differences over how open the future border between Ireland and Northern Ireland should be.  We are not yet at that stage and it would have been premature to  have that discussion until we reach that stage,  Hammond told parliament s Treasury Committee. A spokesman for May, asked about Hammond s comments, told reporters that government ministers would discuss the preferred outcome of the Brexit talks before the end of the year.  We re not into phase two (of negotiations) yet, and Brussels have been clear that they re not prepared to discuss  end state ,  the spokesman said. Earlier on Wednesday Brexit minister David Davis inflamed critics of the government s handling of Brexit when he said he had not conducted formal sector-by-sector analyses of the effect of Brexit on the economy, arguing they were not yet necessary. Hammond has previously said he favors striking a  pragmatic  deal with the EU to minimize Brexit s impact on businesses and the economy, angering some Brexit supporters who favor a more definitive rupture with Brussels. On Wednesday, Hammond reiterated that Britain would leave the EU s single market and its customs union but that need not represent a big change to Britain s relationship with the bloc, if Britain replicates most of the current arrangements.  Now, that would have consequences and some of our colleagues would not find that palatable, but it would be logically possible to approach it in that way,  he said. May hopes to secure the launch of the second phase of the Brexit negotiations when she meets other EU leaders next week. But she suffered a setback this week when her allies in a political party from Northern Ireland objected to proposals for post-Brexit rules for the border with Ireland. The Democratic Unionist Party said on Wednesday the stand-off increased the likelihood of a  no deal  Brexit - the nightmare scenario for many British businesses. ",1
12982,Turkish academic on lengthy hunger strike appeals jail term,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A sacked Turkish professor who has been on hunger strike for almost nine months and is barely half her original weight said on Wednesday she had appealed a court ruling that linked her to a banned far-left group and handed her a six-year jail sentence. Nuriye Gulmen, 35, lost her job as a literature professor during large-scale purges of universities, the civil service, judiciary and military following last year s failed coup against President Tayyip Erdogan. After going on hunger strike and staging protests against the purges, Gulmen was arrested in May and last week a court convicted her of being a member of the outlawed militant leftist DHKP-C group, a charge she denies. However, the court also ordered her release pending an appeal and she has vowed to continue her hunger strike until she gets her job back.  We will take (the appeal) all the way up, and then to the European Court of Human Rights. There is no evidence linking me to the DHKP-C, apart from some secret witnesses  testimony,  Gulmen told Reuters in her apartment in the capital Ankara. On the 273rd day of a diet of sugar and salt solutions, water and herbal tea, Gulmen weighs only 34 kilograms, barely half her weight when she started the hunger strike, but she said she remained optimistic.  I am not sick, I don t need to be hospitalized. I am carrying out a hunger strike of my own will. I was completely isolated at the intensive care unit, although I rejected any treatment,  said an emaciated-looking Gulmen. Surrounded on her patient bed by hand sanitizers and surgical masks to avoid contracting an infection, Gulmen said the Turkish state feared those ready to protest against its post-coup purges, in which more than 150,000 people have lost their jobs and some 50,000 jailed.  Our sit-in protest was creating waves and I was detained because the government was having nightmares that it would widen into a Gezi-scale protest,  Gulmen said, referring to an earlier wave of anti-government protests in Turkey in 2013.  The government wants absolute surrender. You can commit suicide for all they care, but they don t want you to raise your voice,  added Gulmen, who describes herself as a leftist. The Ankara court said Gulmen was staging her hunger strike on the orders of the militant DHKP-C group, which is classed as a terrorist organization in Turkey. She denies any link.  No one can stay hungry on the orders of others. It s impossible to carry on unless it s coming from inside you. No one melts their bodies on (somebody else s) orders,  she said. Gulmen said she found strength and courage on  bad days  from a book about Bobby Sands, an Irish Republican Army (IRA) member, who died in 1981 on the 66th day of his hunger strike against prison conditions in Northern Ireland. Turkish authorities accuse U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen and his supporters of organizing the July 2016 coup attempt. Gulen condemned the coup and denies involvement. Human rights groups and the European Union have said Erdogan is using the crackdown on suspected Gulen supporters to stifle dissent in Turkey. Many leftists and others have also been caught up in the purges. Erdogan and his government deny they are trying to muzzle opponents and say the clampdown is necessary in view of the security challenges Turkey faces. ",1
12983,Turkey links U.S. judge in sanctions case to wanted cleric,"ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said on Wednesday the U.S. judge hearing the trial of an executive at Turkey s state-owned Halkbank had taken part in events organized by a cleric Ankara blames for last year s failed military coup.  The issue has gone beyond a legal case, it has become a political case,  spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said in reference to the New York trial of a deputy general manager at the bank, who is charged with helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions.  The executive has pleaded not guilty and Halkbank says it has abided by Turkish and international law.  Erdogan s government has portrayed the case as a  plot against Turkey  by the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who it alleges engineered last year s coup attempt.   It is known that the judge has participated in events upon Gulen s invitation,  Kalin told a news conference, without giving details. Turkish newspapers have said Judge Richard Berman attended a legal symposium in Istanbul in 2014 organized by Gulen supporters. Berman could not be reached for comment. At the first hearing in the case he said he was one of five U.S. legal experts who spoke at the symposium and moderated a panel discussion on independent and effective judiciary. In response to previous criticism from Turkey, the United States has said its judicial processes are independent.  Already strained ties between NATO allies Ankara and Washington have deteriorated further over the court case, in which Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is cooperating with U.S. prosecutors, has detailed a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. Zarrab has implicated top Turkish politicians, including Erdogan. Zarrab said on Thursday that when Erdogan was prime minister he had authorized a transaction to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions. Although he has not yet responded to the courtroom claims, Erdogan has dismissed the case as a politically motivated attempt, led by Gulen, to bring down the Turkish government.  We will continue watching it within the framework of the law, but the public is seeing how this is trying to be used as an instrument of blackmail,  Kalin said.  We have not done anything in violation of international laws, we carried out our activities transparently,  Kalin said. Turkey has repeatedly requested Gulen s extradition, but U.S. officials have said the courts require sufficient evidence before they can extradite the elderly cleric, who has denied any involvement in the coup. Gulen has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999. ",1
12984,"Saudi air strikes on Yemen intensify, residents in capital stay indoors","ADEN/DUBAI (Reuters) - A Saudi-led coalition stepped up air strikes on Yemen s Houthis on Wednesday as the Iran-allied armed movement tightened its grip on Sanaa a day after the son of slain former president Ali Abdullah Saleh vowed revenge for his father s death. Former president Saleh plunged the country deeper into turmoil last week by switching allegiances after years helping the Houthis win control of much of the country s north including the capital. He was killed in an attack on his convoy on Monday.  The pro-Houthi Al Masirah television station said on Wednesday Saudi Arabia and its allies had bombed Saleh s residence and other houses of his family members now controlled by the Houthis. Air strikes also hit northern provinces including Taiz, Hajjah, Midi and Saada, it said.  There was no immediate word on casualties.  The intervention by Saleh s son Ahmed Ali, a former commander of the elite Republican Guard who lives in exile in the United Arab Emirates and was once seen as a successor to his father, has provided the anti-Houthi movement with a potential figurehead. Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahayan, the de facto leader of the UAE, visited Ahmed Ali at his residence to offer his condolences, according to Sheikh Mohammed s Twitter account. He posted a picture of himself sitting near Ahmed Ali.  Ahmed Ali had been widely expected to leave the UAE, a key member of the Saudi-led coalition fighting the Houthis, for Yemen to help in the war amid media reports that some Saleh loyalists have been switching sides.   Many Sanaa residents were staying indoors on Wednesday out of fear of a Houthi crackdown. On Tuesday, Saleh supporters said his nephew Tareq, another top commander, and the head of his party, Aref Zouka, had both been killed.  There s a scary calm in the city,  said Ali, a 47-year-old businessman who declined to use his full name.  People are reporting that there are many arrests and they are trying to shoot military men and (Saleh party) members.  Yemen s conflict, pitting the Houthis against the Saudi-led military alliance which backs a government based in the south, has unleashed what the United Nations calls the world s worst humanitarian crisis. The proxy war between regional arch-rivals Iran and Saudi Arabia - armed and given intelligence by the West   has killed more than 10,000 people, with more than two million displaced.   Saleh s decision to abandon the Houthis was the most dramatic development in three years of stalemate. Top Houthi officials called it high treason backed by their Saudi enemies. Tens of thousands of Houthi supporters staged a rally in Sanaa on Tuesday to celebrate what the Houthis had said was the defeat of a major conspiracy by Saleh, chanting slogans against Saudi Arabia and its allies. Political sources said the Houthis had arrested dozens of Saleh s allies and army officers affiliated with his party in and around the city. Several had been killed in the raids. On Wednesday, several dozen women gathered in a main Sanaa square holding Saleh s portrait and demanding his body be handed over for burial, but they were forcibly dispersed by Houthi security forces, eyewitnesses said. The Houthi-controlled interior ministry distributed a video of dozens of seated barefoot men it said were pro-Saleh fighters detained in one of its party headquarters. Media rights group Reporters Without Borders appealed for the release of 41 journalists it said have been held  hostage  by the group since it overran the headquarters of the Saleh-owned al-Yemen al-Youm TV station on Saturday. Nearly a million people in Yemen have been hit by a cholera outbreak, and famine caused by warring parties blocking food supplies threatens much of the country.  The UN secretary-general s special envoy for Yemen, Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed, called on all parties to show restraint.   Increased hostilities will further threaten civilian lives and exacerbate their suffering,  he said in a briefing to the Security Council on Tuesday. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday that the killing of Saleh would likely worsen an already dire humanitarian situation in the country in the short term. Speaking with reporters on a military aircraft en route to Washington, Mattis said his death could either push the conflict towards U.N. peace negotiations or make it an  even more vicious war.  The commander of Iran s Islamic Revolution Guards Corps, Major General Mohammad Ali Jafari, praised what he called the Houthis  swift quashing of the  coup against the holy warriors , the semi-official Fars news agency reported. Much is likely to depend on the future allegiances of Saleh loyalists who previously helped the Houthi group, which hails from the Zaidi branch of Shi ite Islam that ruled a thousand-year kingdom in northern Yemen until 1962. ",1
12985,'Glimmer of hope' as food and fuel arrives in Yemen ports: NRC,"GENEVA (Reuters) - A blockade of Yemen s key ports appeared to have been broken on Wednesday as ships arrived with food and fuel for the desperate population, the head of the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC), an humanitarian aid agency, told Reuters. A Saudi-led military coalition fighting the armed Houthi movement in Yemen has blockaded Yemeni ports since Nov. 6, after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired toward its capital Riyadh.  Although it later eased the restrictions by allowing U.N. flights and aid ships, that has not changed Yemen s dire situation much. About 8 million people are on the brink of famine with outbreaks of cholera and diphtheria.  Today for the first time (there was) a little glimmer of hope... the first commercial goods have arrived in port, and the first ships that were let through this iron grip,  NRC chief Jan Egeland said. Egeland said the first food and fuel had arrived in the key ports of Hodeidah and Saleef, but it remained a trickle compared to what was needed, since Yemen s population of 27 million is almost entirely reliant on imports for food, fuel and medicine.  We need a lot of ships every single day and now we ve had months with no ships, so I still fear the famine, I still fear starvation, I still fear epidemic disease in new areas.   Citing information from the U.N.-led logistics cluster of aid agencies, Egeland said three vessels had berthed at Hodeidah with 87,000 tonnes of food, and one with 38,000 of food had arrived at the anchorage area of Saleef port.  There were seven other vessels with more than 177,000 tonnes of food waiting to enter Hodeidah anchorage area, as well as three vessels with 52,000 tonnes of fuel. ",1
12986,Ukraine police fail to find Saakashvili in protest camp raid,"KIEV (Reuters) - Dozens of Ukrainian police in riot gear raided a protest camp outside parliament on Wednesday in a failed attempt to detain former Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili, who was freed from custody by supporters a day earlier. Saakashvili later said police had searched the wrong tent at the camp, continuing a surreal hide-and-seek game between him and Ukrainian law enforcement ever since he barged across the border from Poland three months ago.  Saakashvili was granted Ukrainian citizenship and invited by President Petro Poroshenko to become governor of the Odessa region after the  Maidan  protests ousted a pro-Russian president in early 2014, but the two later fell out.  The saga threatens to embarrass the pro-Western leadership in Kiev, although Saakashvili s party, which is now seeking to unseat Poroshenko at the ballot box, does not have nationwide support, opinion polls show.     Protesters defended the camp, which was set up in September, leading to clashes in which four policemen and an unknown number of civilians were wounded, Kiev police said in a statement. General Prosecutor Yuriy Lutsenko later acknowledged that the operation could have been carried out more effectively, but said police had acted in accordance with the law.  Saakashvili will be detained and the best thing he could do, if he were a man, if he really loved Ukraine even a little, would be to come today to Volodymyrska Street (security service headquarters) to testify to investigators,  he told parliament.   The situation near parliament was calm at around 1230 GMT, although an increased number of armored police stood guard around the building, according to a Reuters witness. Lutsenko has vowed to make all efforts to regain custody of Saakashvili, who was freed by his supporters from a police van in a chaotic scene on Tuesday after being detained on suspicion of assisting a criminal organization.  In a televised briefing on Wednesday, Saakashvili   supporters see him as a fearless crusader against corruption   said he would not present himself to law enforcement officials, as requested by the General Prosecutor s office.  I am prepared to meet an investigator of the prosecutor in the tent city,  he said. His detention was the latest twist in a prolonged feud between the Ukrainian authorities and Saakashvili, who has turned on his one-time patron Poroshenko, accusing him of corruption and calling for his removal from office. Poroshenko s office said prosecutors have evidence to back up the claims against Saakashvili, whom they accuse of receiving financing from criminals linked to former president Viktor Yanukovich who planned to overthrow the current government.  Saakashvili was stripped of his Ukrainian citizenship by Poroshenko in July while abroad and is now stateless. The 49-year-old is facing the threat of possible extradition to Georgia, where he is wanted on criminal charges he says were trumped up for political reasons. ",1
12987,Investors see shades of Quebec in Catalonia vote," (Removes erroneous reference to Montreal as Quebec s capital in this Dec. 5 story) By Sonya Dowsett and Allison Lampert MADRID/MONTREAL (Reuters) - A flight by businesses from Catalonia s independence crisis has drawn comparisons with Quebec, the French-speaking Canadian province that deterred investors with a decades-long independence push. Opinion polls showed support for pro-independence parties at just under 50 percent as campaigning for a Dec. 21 election began on Tuesday, enough to dampen the Madrid government s hopes the vote would end a volatile standoff over secession.  Carrying on as before means chaos,  said Jordi Alberich, managing director of Cercle d Economia, a business association based in the Catalan capital, Barcelona.  What has happened is tremendously serious and it could get even worse.  The election is seen by pro-independence parties as a de-facto referendum on a split from Spain following a banned plebiscite which led to clashes between Spanish police and protesters on Oct 1 and the subsequent dismissal of the Catalan government by Madrid. While it may not propel secessionist forces back into regional government, it could end up sustaining their cause and thereby putting off investors over the longer term. Almost 3,000 firms have shifted their headquarters outside the region, many to Madrid, mirroring the flight of companies from Quebec s Montreal for Toronto before and after its first referendum in 1980 delivered defeat for independence. The Catalan exodus has so far been administrative rather than physical, with companies effectively shifting domiciles, the  brass plate  of the business, to avoid legal and tax complications rather than moving staff or operations. They fear secession would leave them outside the euro zone and exposed to the uncertain policies and possible tax grabs of a new republic burdened by the region s existing large debts. Madrid, eager for unionist parties to score a clear victory on Dec. 21 and put the crisis to rest, says the economic impact will be only short term, but there are signs the uncertainty is already affecting longer-term investment decisions.  If I had been contacted by an American investor asking:  Should I open a small office in Barcelona?  three or four years ago, I would have said:  Yes, of course ,  said the Spain country head for an international investment bank.  Now I can t say that anymore ... The pain inflicted by the independence process scares money away.   He, like other bankers and chief executives, declined to speak publicly because the issue is divisive. Those who speak out for one side or other can become targets of criticism and abuse. The Spanish government has already trimmed its 2018 economic growth forecast to 2.3 percent due to the Catalan crisis, and its Independent Authority of Fiscal Responsibility has warned of a bigger impact next year if it is not resolved. Tourism to the region and its main draw card, Barcelona, has slumped, leading to Spain s first fall in retail sales for more than three years. Spain s economy minister recently noted a  strong deceleration  in Catalonia in the final quarter, and the central bank published an analysis last month based on scenarios that implied impacts ranging from modest to dramatic. In the worst case, it said political uncertainty could cut economic growth by 2.5 percentage points between end-2017 and 2019. In a recent report,  Catalonia, history repeating? , Canadian bank RBC Capital Markets compared it with the fallout from Quebec s 1995 referendum, which delivered the narrowest of defeats for independence and was followed by economic decline. ""Even if the independence parties fall short of a majority, the damage may have already been done,"" it said of Catalonia's December vote. Graphic tmsnrt.rs/2AGBazV The Spanish region s pro-independence camp says it pays more than its fair share of tax income out of the country s 17 regions and during the five-year economic crisis its stronger economy propped up poorer areas such as Andalusia and Murcia. The biggest pro-independence party, Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya (ERC), has dismissed government warnings secession would cause economic damage and launched its campaign focusing on social issues like housing and energy poverty. Quebec s independence movement, triggered by the 1960s push by French-speakers for economic equality, led to a decline in the province s English-speaking population and its economic affluence, with banks and companies moving their head offices from Montreal, then a thriving financial hub. Canada s second-most populous province has made economic strides in recent years, but it continues to lag other provinces in indicators like household income. Between 1970 and 1981, as pro-sovereignty Parti Quebecois gained political momentum, Montreal lost 18,992 head offices in resource, manufacturing and service sectors, according to a 1983 University of Saskatchewan study. Canada s largest life insurance company was among those which left in 1977. Politics was not the only factor. Montreal s older manufacturing economy was already facing competition from Toronto.  The relative decline of Montreal   and the exodus of headquarters   was no doubt exacerbated by politics but was not solely caused by politics,  said Richard Shearmur, a professor at McGill University s school of urban planning in Montreal. The Catalan crisis has drawn interest in Quebec: last week, two members of Catalonia s secessionist Candidatura d Unitat Popular (CUP) party spoke at an event organised by a left-leaning Quebec opposition party. But Quebec polls show support for separation, especially among young adults, is in decline, while in Catalonia polls show pro-independence parties continue to command strong support. The last Catalan government was made up of a coalition of pro-independence parties under the name  Together for Yes , propped up by CUP lawmakers who did not join the government s ranks. Opinion polls show pro-independence and pro-unity parties almost in a dead heat for December s election. ",1
12988,Libya launches voter registration with election date unclear,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyan electoral officials announced on Wednesday the opening of a two-month voter registration period, though it is unclear when elections will next be held in the divided nation. The United Nations is supporting the voter registration process as it seeks to reconcile rival factions and relaunch a political transition that would lead to new polls. The U.N. Libya mission has previously said it hopes elections can be held by the end of next year, but has also acknowledged complex security, political and legislative challenges to organizing a vote. Libya last held elections in 2014 but the results were disputed, deepening divisions that emerged after the country s 2011 uprising. The poll led to an escalation of armed conflict and to rival parliaments and governments being set up in the capital and the east. Some Libyan political figures have called for elections as a way to break the deadlock after the stalling of a U.N.-backed peace deal signed in late 2015, with a new U.N. push to amend that deal so far producing no breakthrough. U.N. Libya envoy Ghassan Salame expressed sympathy with that view at a joint press conference with Libya s High National Election Commission (HNEC) on Wednesday, calling elections  the best way to separate competitors .   I heard a large number of those demanding elections, some of whom decided on the type of elections and some who left it vague,  Salame said. But he said certain conditions had to be met first, including electoral legislation being passed and Libyans agreeing to accept the results in advance.   You do not want these elections to be another area of disagreement between Libyans,  Salame said.    The voter registration period is aimed at updating the voter register and allowing citizens who have not registered in the past to do so, said HNEC head Emad Alsayah.   The registration process will last for 60 days, and the extension of process can be considered as required,  he said. Libyans living abroad will be able to register online from Feb. 1.  Turnout in national elections in 2014 was low, with 630,000 out of the 1.5 million registered casting a vote. ",1
12989,South Africa's ANC wants to avoid split after vote: senior official,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress (ANC) is doing everything possible to avoid a split in the party after elections for a new leader this month, a senior official running for the top job said on Wednesday. The ANC has been beset by infighting as factions supporting different candidates to succeed President Jacob Zuma as party leader have jostled for influence.  Splits are never planned, but we are doing everything to ensure that there is no need for members of the ANC to split,  Zweli Mkhize, the ANC s treasurer general, told Reuters. The party - one of Africa s oldest liberation movements - splintered in 2008 when members, angered by the ousting of former president Thabo Mbeki from the leadership, split away to form the Congress of the People (COPE). Some analysts have predicted an even bigger rupture could happen after the vote at the party s Dec. 16-20 conference, particularly if Zuma s preferred candidate, his former wife Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, gets elected. The leadership contest is still too close to call, with most grassroots ANC members backing Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa or Dlamini-Zuma for ANC leader. Members are also divided on who should occupy the other senior party positions which are up for grabs. Mkhize said the best way to ensure the December vote did not weaken the ANC was for it to elect new leaders who appealed to a broad cross section of the party s membership. The party should avoid having  a leadership where people say it represents one faction,  he said. Mkhize did not comment on his own chance of winning -     the ANC, which presents itself as a collective that discourages personal ambition, frowns upon its members openly campaigning for posts well ahead of an election. But analysts say Mkhize - one of the ANC s  top six  most powerful officials - is someone who could reconcile the opposing factions supporting Dlamini-Zuma and Ramaphosa, or be nominated at the conference as a compromise candidate. Although Ramaphosa and Dlamini-Zuma have been nominated for party leader by far more ANC branches, Mkhize could still mount a serious challenge if he is nominated by a large number of party members at the conference itself. Whoever the ANC elects as leader will probably become the next president of South Africa because of the party s electoral dominance. All seven ANC leadership hopefuls pledged to Zuma at a  meeting last month that they would accept the outcome of the leadership vote in the interests of keeping the 105-year-old organization intact. Mkhize, a medical doctor by training and former party boss in Zuma s home province of KwaZulu-Natal, said that after the conference, the ANC should focus on tackling corruption, raising economic growth from a near standstill and addressing crime so it can win a 2019 national election.  The ANC must be seen to be championing those issues,  he said.  ",1
12990,Palestinian leader to respond to Trump's Jerusalem announcement in TV speech,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will deliver a televised speech on Wednesday in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s anticipated announcement that Washington recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a Palestinian official said.   The president (Abbas) will first listen to President Trump s speech, and will then give a response,  the official told Reuters, adding that the remarks would be broadcast on Palestine TV.  Trump s announcement on Jerusalem, a city at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, was set for 1 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT). Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has so far held off on commenting explicitly about Trump s planned policy shift. ",1
12991,Palestinians seethe at Trump's 'insane' Jerusalem move,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Palestinians seethed with anger and a sense of betrayal over U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize the disputed city of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Many heard the death knell for the long-moribund U.S.-sponsored talks aimed at ending the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and establishing a Palestinian state alongside Israel. They also said more violence could erupt.  Trump wants to help Israel take over the entire city. Some people may do nothing, but others are ready to fight for Jerusalem,  said Hamad Abu Sbeih, 28, an unemployed resident of the walled Old City.   This decision will ignite a fire in the region. Pressure leads to explosions,  he said. Jerusalem   specifically its eastern Old City, home to important shrines of Judaism, Christianity and Islam   is at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli captured Arab East Jerusalem from Jordan in the 1967 Middle East War then later annexed it in a move not recognized internationally. Palestinians want it to be the capital of a future independent state and resolution of its status is fundamental to any peace-making. Trump is due to announce later on Wednesday that the United States recognizes the city as Israel s capital and will move its embassy there from Tel Aviv, breaking with longtime policy..      This is insane. You are speaking about something fateful. Jerusalem is the capital of the state of Palestine and neither the world nor our people will accept it,  said Samir Al-Asmar, 58, a merchant from the Old City who was a child when it fell to Israel.  It will not change what Jerusalem is. Jerusalem will remain Arab. Such a decision will sabotage things and people will not accept it.  Palestinian newspapers also decried the move.  Trump Defies the World,  thundered Al-Ayyam. Another, Al-Hayat, roared  Jerusalem is the Symbol of Palestinian Endurance  in a red-letter headline over an image of the city s mosque compound flanked by Palestinian flags. Palestinian leaders have also warned the move could have dangerous consequences. Although winter rains dampened protests called for East Jerusalem, the occupied West Bank and Hamas-dominated Gaza Strip, few doubted fresh bloodshed now loomed. Israeli security forces braced for possible unrest but police said the situation in Jerusalem was calm for now.  That could quickly change, given the religious passions that swirl around the Old City, where Al Aqsa Mosque, Islam s third-holiest shrine, abuts the Western Wall prayer plaza, a vestige of two ancient Jewish temples. Palestinians mounted two uprisings, or intifadas, against Israeli occupation from 1987 to 1993 then from 2000 to 2005, the latter ignited by a visit by then-opposition leader Ariel Sharon to the shrine area, known to Jews as Temple Mount.         Violent confrontations also took place in July when Israel installed metal detectors at an entrance to Al-Aqsa compound after Arab gunmen holed up there killed two of its policemen. Four Palestinians and three Israelis died in ensuing violence. In the Palestinian coastal enclave of Gaza, demonstrators  chanted  Death to America ,  Death to Israel  and  Down with Trump . They also burned posters depicting the U.S., British and Israeli flags.  Youssef Mohammad, a 70-year-old resident of a refugee camp, said Trump s move would be a test for Arab leadership at a time of regional chaos and shifting alliances.  Let him do it. Let s see what Arab rulers and kings will do. They will do nothing because they are cowards,  the father of eight said.  The Jerusalem uproar could affect Egyptian-brokered efforts to bring Gaza, which has been under Islamist Hamas control for a decade, back under the authority of U.S.-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, who favors negotiation with Israel. Hamas spokesman Hazem Qassem said Trump s planned moved showed the United States was biased.  The United States was never a neutral mediator in any cause of our people. It has always stood with the occupation (Israel),  he said. He said Abbas  administration should  rid itself of the illusion that rights can be achieved through an American-backed deal . (Corrects Ariel Sharon s title to opposition leader) ",1
12992,Nigeria replaces commander in fight against Boko Haram after six months,"MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Nigeria is replacing the military commander of the fight against Boko Haram after half a year, an army spokesman said on Wednesday, following a string of insurgency attacks despite years of official claims the group has almost been defeated.  The shake-up underscores the fragility of the security situation in Nigeria s northeast, where the conflict with the  Islamist insurgent group is now in its ninth year, despite assertions by President Muhammadu Buhari s administration that it is on its last legs. A military spokesman confirmed the replacement of Ibrahim Attahiru, theater commander of the operation against Boko Haram, in a text message to Reuters. Major General Rogers Nicholas will take his position. The spokesman did not provide further details.  Attahiru s removal comes in the wake of a series of  embarrassing  attacks, two military sources told Reuters. They said the conduct of the war against the insurgents is now being reviewed. The attacks, which occurred during Attahiru s command, include the kidnapping of members of an oil prospecting team which led to at least 37 people being killed in July, and  deadly assaults on the towns of Magumeri, Biu and Madagali, the sources said. A spokesman for the president, who serves as Nigeria s commander-in-chief, declined to comment. The governor of Borno state, which is at the epicenter of the insurgency, has said the government s long-term plan now is to corral civilians inside fortified garrison towns -  effectively ceding the countryside to Boko Haram. That plan and the spate of deadly attacks have raised questions about assertions by the government and military that Boko Haram has been all but wiped out, as well as doubts about Nigeria s ability to retain sovereign integrity in the northeast. ",1
12993,"Air strike reported near Somalia's capital, official says Shabaab targeted","MOGADISHU (Reuters) - An air strike hit a village south of Somalia s capital Mogadishu on Wednesday and a local official said the attack targeted Islamist al Shabaab militants fighting to topple the country s central government. It was not immediately clear who had carried out the air strike but the United States frequently conducts such attacks  to bolster Somalia s army in its fight against al Shabaab.  A local government official told Reuters the strike occurred in Ilimey village, about 130 km (80 miles) southwest of Mogadishu. The area is mostly controlled by al Shabaab. The target, he said, was a car used by the militants to transport supplies to a squad preparing bombs.   The strike hit the car ... but we do not know details of casualties,  Ali Nur, deputy governor of Somalia s lower Shabelle region told Reuters. But Mohamed Abu Usama, al Shabaab s governor for the same region, denied that al Shabaab personnel had been attacked and instead said the strike had killed civilians.   The strike hit a makeshift tea shop and thus killed 7 civilians and injured three others,  he said. Somalia has been trapped in chaos and lawlessness since 1991 when dictator Siad Barre was toppled. Al Shabaab wants to topple the Western-backed central government and establish its own rule based on its strict interpretation of Islam s sharia law.   An African Union peace keeping force AMISOM pushed the group from Mogadishu and other former strongholds.  But the Islamists remain a formidable force, carrying out frequent bombings and other assaults on AMISOM, Somali army and civilian targets.  In October over 500 people died in one of Somalia s deadliest bombings when a truck bomb exploded outside a busy hotel at Mogadishu s K5 intersection lined with government offices, restaurants and kiosks. A second blast struck Medina district two hours later. ",1
12994,"Tillerson takes tough line on Russia, open to peacekeepers","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday there could be no normal relations with Russia until Moscow ended its support for separatists in Ukraine and returned Crimea, in comments likely to reassure Western allies. Speaking after a dinner where he discussed Russia with NATO foreign ministers on Tuesday, Tillerson took a tougher stance than U.S. President Donald Trump, who has sought better relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Trump said last month after meeting Putin in Vietnam that he believed Putin s denial of accusations that Moscow meddled in the 2016 U.S. election. That was despite U.S. intelligence agencies  evidence of Russian interference.  At NATO, Tillerson criticized  Russia s continued use of hybrid warfare  and its attempts  to undermine Western institutions  in a reference to the mix of state-sponsored computer hacks and Internet disinformation campaigns that NATO allies  intelligence agencies say is targeted at the West.  This stands as a significant obstacle to normalizing our relations,  Tillerson told reporters. At the NATO dinner with ministers, Tillerson also blamed Russia for interfering in the U.S. election, said a diplomat who was present. Russia has denied meddling. Trump, whose former aides are being investigated after accusations that Putin influenced the election that brought him to the White House, has repeatedly emphasized that it would be better if Russia and the United States could work together.      Tillerson, a former Exxon Mobil chief executive, has spent much of his time as secretary of state trying to smooth the  America First  foreign policy that has alarmed Trump s allies, but the president has publicly undercut the secretary of state s diplomatic initiatives. His trip to Europe this week was partly overshadowed by reports the White House had a plan to replace him, which Tillerson denied on Wednesday. [L8N1O63LC]   Tillerson stressed to ministers that the Ukraine crisis, which was sparked by Moscow s 2014 annexation of Crimea, was the central issue that blocked better U.S.-Russia ties because seizing sovereign territory was unacceptable, according to a second diplomat present.  The conflict between Ukrainian forces and Russian-backed separatists has claimed more than 10,000 lives since it erupted in 2014. Russia denies accusations it fomented the conflict and provided arms and fighters.  People are still dying every day from that violence,  Tillerson said.  Tillerson, who in 2013 as head of Exxon Mobil was awarded the Order of Friendship by Putin, a Russian state honor, said he hoped to agree to deploy U.N. troops to eastern Ukraine, an idea the Russian president floated in September. With an internationally-agreed ceasefire long broken and efforts to revive a 2015 peace deal stalled, peacekeepers could end hostilities and allow trade to resume between Russia and Ukraine. But Tillerson warned there was still a  significant difference between the mandate that a peacekeeping force would be given and the scope of their mandate .  We hope we can close those gaps,  Tillerson said. Russia is keen to see the end of Western sanctions imposed over the Ukraine crisis but European officials fear U.N. peacekeepers would freeze the conflict rather than solving it. Tillerson also cautioned against treating Russia as a partner, saying all meetings with Moscow should be based on issues, not agreed on the basis of a calendar, quashing any hopes of a detente in Moscow s relations with Washington.   I think there is broad consensus among all the NATO members that there is no normalization of dialogue with Russia today,  he said. ",1
12995,Factbox: Many years of rhetoric reflect conflict over Jerusalem,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - In the 50 years since Israel captured Jerusalem, the rhetoric of leaders in the Middle East has reflected the deep division over the fate of the city. Jerusalem remains at the heart of the conflict in the region. Here are some of the statements made since 1967: * Anwar Sadat, Egyptian president from 1970 to 1981, in a speech to the Israeli Knesset in Jerusalem in 1977:  There are Arab lands which Israel occupied and continues to occupy through armed force. We insist on the complete withdrawal from them, including Arab Jerusalem ... It is inadmissible that anyone should conceive the special status of the city of Jerusalem within the framework of annexation or expansionism.  * Golda Meir, prime minister of Israel from 1969 to 1974, to Time Magazine in 1973:  Arab sovereignty in Jerusalem just cannot be. This city will not be divided - not half and half, not 60-40, not 75-25, nothing. The only way we will lose Jerusalem is if we lose a war, and then we lose all of it.  * Yasser Arafat, Palestinian president and chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization until his death in 2004, said more than once:  Jerusalem is the eternal capital of the Palestinian state. Whoever accepts this, fine. Whoever does not, let him drink from the sea at Gaza.   There is absolutely nobody among us who will surrender one grain of the soil of noble Jerusalem.  * Yitzhak Rabin, prime minister of Israel, in a speech to the Knesset in 1995, the year of his assassination:  I said yesterday, and repeat today, that there are not two Jerusalems; there is only one Jerusalem. From our perspective, Jerusalem is not a subject for compromise. Jerusalem was ours, will be ours, is ours and will remain as such forever.  * Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel from 1996 to 1999 and its current leader, in a 2010 speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) in Washington:  The Jewish people were building Jerusalem 3,000 years ago and the Jewish people are building Jerusalem today. Jerusalem is not a settlement. It s our capital.  In a May 2017 event marking 50 years since East Jerusalem s capture, he said:  Fifty years ago, we didn t occupy, we liberated; by the heroism of our warriors and the love of our people, Jerusalem was liberated. I say to the world with a clear voice: Jerusalem was and always will be the capital of Israel. The Temple Mount and the Western Wall will always remain under Israeli sovereignty.  In another speech, he said:  We will continue to ensure that Jerusalem is an open city accessible to all religions; a city where Jews and Arabs, Christians and Muslims co-exist and enjoy freedom of religion and access to religious sites.  * Mahmoud Abbas, current Palestinian president, in a speech to the 2007 Annapolis peace conference in the United States:  We want East Jerusalem to be our capital - a capital where we will have open relations with West Jerusalem and where we will guarantee for believers of all religions the freedom to practice their rituals.  In another undated speech, he said:  Unless it is written in thick and clear letters that Jerusalem is the capital of the state of Palestine, there shall be no peace with them.    * Khaled Meshaal, former leader of the Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas, in a 2010 speech:  Jerusalem belongs to its people, to the Arab and Muslim people of Palestine. It s the gate to heaven and it is not fitting to make Jerusalem a gate to surrender and sellout. No Palestinian, Arab or Muslim leader, regardless of his stature, can sign a deal that gives away Jerusalem, or provide cover for such a deal.  * Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, leader of the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran, in a 1981 address marking al-Quds day (Jerusalem day), which he declared as falling on the last Friday of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan:  In order to liberate al-Quds (Jerusalem), machineguns relying on faith and the power of Islam must be used, and political games redolent of compromise and keeping the superpowers happy laid aside.  ",1
12996,Russia's Putin says to decide soon if he will run for re-election,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday he would decide very soon whether to run for re-election next year, something he is widely expected to do and comfortably win.   Putin, 65, has been in power, either as president or prime minister, since 2000. If, as expected, he contests and wins what would be a fourth presidential term in March, he would be eligible to serve another six years until 2024. In a glitzy event in Moscow attended by young people, a host asked Putin if he would be running for re-election in March. The Russian leader, who polls regularly show enjoys a popularity rating of around 80 percent, asked the audience if they supported him running in the elections.  Yes,  the audience shouted back, applauding him loudly.   I understand that this decision must be taken in the near future and it will be taken in the near future,  Putin told the audience.   And when taking it I will of course take into account our conversation today and your reaction.  ",1
12997,Mexico's ruling party presidential hopeful trails leftist: poll,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Former Mexico finance minister Jose Antonio Meade, who resigned to seek the presidential nomination of the ruling party, is lagging far behind in public support ahead of next year s election, according to a newspaper poll published on Wednesday.  Meade, who is widely expected to receive the nomination of the centrist Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), came in third in two scenarios polled by Mexican newspaper El Universal, while leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador maintained a strong lead in both instances. The survey found that 31 percent of respondents would vote for Lopez Obrador, who leads the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) party, followed by the conservative National Action Party s (PAN) Ricardo Anaya, leading a coalition of parties, with 23 percent. Meade came in third with 16 percent. When Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera was entered into the mix for the coalition, Obrador had 32 percent support, followed by Mancera with 22 percent and Meade with 15 percent.  The poll was conducted from Dec. 1 to Dec. 4, after Meade resigned to seek the presidency. Meade, who has served in both PRI and PAN administrations, has a reputation for honesty that PRI officials hope will help the party recover from a spate of corruption scandals. But he remains unknown to much of the Mexican public.  A victory for the combative and nationalist-leaning Lopez Obrador, who promises to revive economic growth by battling graft, could stoke tensions with the Trump administration just as the United States, Mexico and Canada seek to seal a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement. Support for MORENA and the PAN slipped 1 percentage point from the previous poll in November, while support for the PRI held steady at 16 percent, according to El Universal. The survey by pollster Buendia & Laredo included 744 face-to-face interviews and has a +/- 4.1 percent margin of error. ",1
12998,Russian air strikes kill 21 in eastern Syria: monitor,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Russian air strikes killed 21 people in a village on the eastern side of the Euphrates River in east Syria, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Wednesday. The strikes in Deir al-Zor province were to support the Kurdish-led U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) fighting Islamic State, which had attempted to launch an attack on the town earlier this week, the war monitor said. Russia has been carrying out air strikes in the province mainly in support of the Syrian army which, alongside allied Shi ite militias, has been waging its own assault against Islamic State on the western side of the Euphrates. The separate assaults have advanced along opposite sides of the river, which bisects oil-rich Deir al-Zor, mostly staying out of each other s way. The U.S.-led coalition and the Russian military have held deconfliction meetings to prevent clashes between them, though the two offensives have sometimes come into conflict. The Observatory also reported on Wednesday that the Syrian army and its allied forces had  finished the presence of Islamic State  on the western bank of the river. On Sunday, the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia, which spearheads the SDF, announced it had fully captured Deir al-Zor s eastern countryside from Islamic State with the help of both the U.S.-led coalition and Russia. ",1
12999,Thai court jails man for 27 years over Bangkok hospital bomb,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - A Thai court sentenced a 62-year-old man to 27 years in prison on Wednesday for planting a bomb at a Bangkok hospital that wounded 21 people. The explosion hit the Phramongkutklao Hospital in the Thai capital, Bangkok, in May on the third anniversary of a 2014 military coup. The hospital is popular with soldiers and their families and retired military officers.  Police arrested Watana Pumret, a retired government employee, after the blast and said he had confessed to the bombing because he despises the military.  From the evidence we believe the accused committed the offence ... the accused confessed to it,  a judge said. Courts in Thailand often do not identify the names of judges, with the exception of some high-profile legal cases. Watana was seen crying after the verdict. He hugged his wife and refused to answer reporters  questions, according to a Reuters reporter at the court. Reuters was unable to contact Watana s lawyer after the verdict. Thailand s military launched a coup in May 2014 after months of street protests that took a toll on Southeast Asia s second-biggest economy. The military promised to unite the politically divided country and restore stability but it has been accused by critics of not wanting to relinquish power. The military government has promised to hold a general election in November 2018 to return Thailand to democracy but senior government figures have said more time was needed to complete laws related to the vote. The government has also cited security concerns as a reason for not lifting a ban on politics that has been in place since 2014, despite increasing pressure from groups of all political stripes to lift the ban. ",1
13000,Czech president appoints Andrej Babis as new prime minister,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech billionaire businessman Andrej Babis was appointed prime minister on Wednesday after his ANO party came first in an October election, and he must now focus on securing parliamentary backing for a minority administration. Running on pledges to fight migration and make the state more efficient, ANO won 29.6 percent of the vote, nearly three times the support won by second-placed center-right Civic Democrats. Despite that strong showing, however, it is unclear whether Babis will be able to win a confidence vote for his government by mid-January as required by the constitution. He also faces the threat of prosecution in connection with his business interests. ANO holds 78 seats in the 200-seat lower house but has so far failed to win the backing of any of the other eight parties. Should he lose such a vote, Babis would stay in power until a new arrangement is found. But given his party s size, it would also most likely have to lead any other arrangement. In a televised ceremony on Wednesday, President Milos Zeman appointed Babis, 63, who set up ANO in 2011 as a protest movement when mainstream parties were embroiled in corruption scandals.  Babis s new cabinet will take power on Dec. 13, allowing him to take part in a European Union leaders  summit the following day. He has pledged to keep the budget in shape but also boost infrastructure investments and public sector wages, and play a more active role in the European Union, especially in securing the EU s external border to stop illegal migration. The Czechs are facing a possible EU suit over refusing to accept migrants under an EU quota system, which Babis said was his first European task.  I will first have to negotiate and convince the European Commission not to sue us and to find a different solution,  he told a news conference after his appointment.  Quotas are not a solution, and the solution is outside Europe, and we have to win over other member states for this.  The far-right, anti-EU and anti-NATO SPD party and the Communists have lent ANO support in several initial votes in return for committee posts for their members, raising the prospect that they may have some kind of agreement to back ANO.  But Babis said on Wednesday he had no deal in place and would talk to all parties to either back the cabinet or abstain from the vote to help it win.  In the week of Dec. 18, we will present the program manifesto and negotiate on whether someone will go into government with us or give us tolerance,  Babis said. Rival parties have criticized Babis, the second-richest person in the country, worth $4 billion according to Forbes, for conflicts of interests. He owns a farming, chemicals, food and media group which has contracts with the state and receives European subsidies. The main sticking point is a police request that parliament strip Babis of his immunity so he can be prosecuted for suspected fraud in tapping European Union subsidies. He denies any wrongdoing. If police drop the case or parliament refuses to lift immunity, Babis may win some votes from other factions. Analysts say a second attempt to form a cabinet, with or without Babis, may have a greater chance of success because many parties suffered losses in the October vote and are keen to avoid an early election, which a prolonged crisis could eventually lead to. ",1
13001,French court demands 40 million euro bail for Russian lawmaker,"MARSEILLE, France (Reuters) - A French judge has ordered a prominent Russian businessman and lawmaker Suleiman Kerimov pay a 40 million euro ($47.25 million) bail for his release pending a tax fraud and money laundering investigation, a judicial source said on Wednesday. Kerimov was arrested on Nov. 20 in Nice on the French Riviera, prompting the Kremlin to intervene and say it would  do everything in our power to protect his lawful interests . Kerimov appeared before a judge for the bail hearing on Tuesday, the source said.  Russia s state-run Rossiya 24 TV station reported after his arrest that Kerimov had denied any guilt. Another Russian lawmaker, Rizvan Kurbanov, last month described Kerimov s arrest as an  unprecedented demarche by the French . Originally from the mainly Muslim Russian region of Dagestan, Kerimov built his lucrative natural resources business through a combination of debt, an appetite for risk, and political connections. He owned top flight soccer club Anzhi Makhachkala until he sold it in 2016. Kerimov s fortune peaked at $17.5 billion in 2008 before slumping to just $3 billion in 2009, according to Forbes magazine. The investigation centers on the purchase of several luxury residences on the French Riviera via shell companies, something that could have enabled Kerimov to reduce taxes owed to the French state, a source close to the investigation told Reuters after Kerimov s arrest. ($1 = 0.8465 euros) ",1
13002,Arab League to hold emergency meeting on Jerusalem on Saturday,"CAIRO (Reuters) - The Arab League is to hold an emergency meeting on Saturday on U.S. plans to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, the head of the Palestinian delegation to the body said on Wednesday. The Palestinians and Jordan had requested the meeting which will take place at 3 p.m. (1300 GMT), Ambassador Diab al-Louh told Reuters by phone. ",1
13003,Factbox: EU Commission proposals on euro zone reform,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission proposed on Wednesday a package of legislative and non-binding measures to reform the euro zone and make it more resilient to future crises.  Below are the main proposals: The euro zone bailout fund, the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) should be transformed into a European Monetary Fund (EMF) with more responsibilities. In addition to providing loans to member states in financial trouble, the EMF would be a backstop for the euro zone s lender-funded bank resolution fund, the Single Resolution Fund. To make it more nimble, the EMF would in an emergency be able to take decisions with a majority vote, rather than with unanimity, as is the rule now. It could also develop new financial instruments that could be used to provide further support to states hit by financial shocks.   A European Minister of Economy and Finance could start working from November 2019 when a new commission will take office.  The minister would be at the same time a vice president of the commission, the chair of the Eurogroup of euro zone finance ministers and would oversee the work of the new European Monetary Fund. The minister would promote and support the coordination and implementation of reforms in EU countries and  would also be responsible for identifying an appropriate fiscal policy for the euro area as a whole.  This new instrument would help countries hit by a crisis to maintain the same level of investment as in good times thanks to EU financial support. This could accelerate the recovery of troubled states. An ailing state could receive  automatic  support with a mix of loans and grants from the EU budget and the EMF.  The financial aid would  be strictly conditional on clear criteria and continuous sound policies, in particular those leading to more convergence within the euro area .  EU states will be encouraged to carry out structural reforms with funds from the EU budget that could be made available already from next year. Technical and financial support would be provided to the EU countries that are not members of the 19-state euro zone and which want to join the common currency area. The intergovernmental Fiscal Compact treaty that has introduced stricter budgetary rules for all EU countries except Croatia, the Czech Republic and Britain which did not sign it, should be incorporated into EU law. The process is to increase the democratic legitimacy of EU fiscal rules, but faces opposition from countries like Italy that fear the tight provisions of the compact will become permanent. It is also criticized in Germany, where many fear it could lead to a softening of the current fiscal rules.  ",1
13004,Abu Dhabi Crown Prince offers condolences to exiled son of slain Yemeni ex-leader in UAE,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi offered his condolences to the son of slain former Yemen president Ali Abdullah Saleh at his residence in Abu Dhabi, according to his official twitter account.  The account tweeted a picture of Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces visiting Ahmed Ali at his residence in the United Arab Emirates capital.  Ahmed Ali, a former commander of Yemen s elite Republican Guards, once served as Yemen s ambassador to the UAE before it joined ally Saudi Arabia to make war against the Houthis.  ",1
13005,Briton accused of terrorism offences posted picture of Prince George: court,"LONDON (Reuters) - A British man posted a picture of Prince George, 4, and the address of his London school as part of a series of possible targets for Islamist militants, a court heard on Wednesday. Husnain Rashid, 31, is accused of posting information on the Telegram messaging service to encourage jihadis to carry out attacks along with information to help them with possible targets such as stadia.  Prosecutor Rebecca Mundy told London s Westminster Magistrates Court that this included posting a picture of Prince George, son of Queen Elizabeth s grandson Prince William and Kate and destined to be the future king, next to a silhouette of a jihadi fighter. The post included the address of his school in southwest London which he started attending in September and was accompanied with the caption  even the royal family will not be left alone , the court heard. Rashid, from Nelson in Lancashire, northern England, is charged with preparing terrorism acts, which involved plans to travel to Syria to engage in fighting, and preparing to assist others to commit terrorist acts. He did not apply for bail and indicated he would plead not guilty to the charges. He was remanded in custody until Dec. 20 when he will appear at London s Old Bailey central criminal court. ",1
13006,Man appears in court accused of trying to kill British PM May,"LONDON (Reuters) - A 20-year-old man appeared in court on Wednesday accused of plotting to kill British Prime Minister Theresa May by first detonating an explosive device to get into her Downing Street office. Naa imur Rahman, of north London, has been charged with preparing to commit acts of terrorism. He was remanded in custody after a brief appearance at Westminster Magistrates Court. Prosecutor Mark Carroll told the court Rahman planned to detonate an improvised explosive device at the gates of Downing Street and gain access to May s office in the ensuing chaos and kill her.  The secondary attack was to be carried out with a suicide vest, pepper spray and a knife,  he told the court. Rahman was carrying two inert explosive devices when he was arrested last week, the court heard.  His purpose was to attack, kill and cause explosions,  Carroll said. Rahman appeared with a co-defendant, 21-year-old Mohammed Imran, from Birmingham, who is also charged with preparing to commit acts of terrorism. Carroll said Imran was accused of trying to join the Islamic State militant group in Libya. Rahman and Imran gave no indication as to their plea so a not guilty plea was entered on their behalf. There was no application for bail. The men will appear at London s Old Bailey central criminal court on Dec. 20. No. 10 Downing Street is the official residence of British prime ministers. It is heavily guarded and there is a gate at the end of the street preventing members of the public from getting close to the house. In 1991, Irish Republican Army (IRA) militants launched a mortar bomb attack on No. 10. John Major, the prime minister at the time, was inside but not hurt. A Downing Street spokesman declined immediate comment on the case. ",1
13007,Greek top court to decide Dec. 13 on Russia cyber suspect extradition,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece s Supreme Court will decide on Dec. 13 whether to extradite a Russian to the United States where authorities want to put him on trial for laundering $4 billion via a bitcoin platform. Alexander Vinnik, who says he is a bitcoin consultant, is accused by U.S. authorities of running the BTC-e exchange, which they allege was a conduit for laundering proceeds from illicit activities.  Vinnik denies the charges and is fighting his extradition to the United States.  I don t think there is independent justice in the United States for a Russian citizen,  Vinnik told the court in session in Athens. He also said conditions in American prisons were  terrible . Addressing the court, a Greek public prosecutor recommended Vinnik s extradition. The 38-year-old was arrested in northern Greece on the basis of a U.S. warrant in July, one of seven Russians arrested or indicted worldwide this year on U.S. cybercrime charges. Since his arrest, Russia has also sought Vinnik s extradition there on lesser charges of fraud. Vinnik has agreed to be extradited to Russia. In competing requests of this nature, the final decision of where Vinnik will be extradited rests with Greece s justice minister. ",1
13008,Hungary charges Jobbik MEP with spying on EU for Russia,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - A Hungarian European Parliament member who belongs to the nationalist opposition Jobbik party has been charged with spying on European Union institutions for Russia, prosecutors said on Wednesday.  The charges against Bela Kovacs, which include using forged private documents, stem from an investigation dating from April 2014, when Hungarian authorities first reported the suspected espionage and filed for his immunity to be lifted.  This was followed by declaring reasonable suspicion, the essence of which was that the member of parliament had been involved in espionage on behalf of a foreign state for its secret service,  the prosecutors said in a statement. The foreign state in question was Russia, a spokeswoman for the prosecutor s office said. Kovacs himself said the case against him was based on  fantasy  and added he looked forward to the court proceedings,  where he expected to exonerate himself.  I am very happy that we finally made it to this point and I can clear my name in court and put an end to this saga,  he told Reuters by phone. No date has been announced for a trial. The charges against Kovacs follow a probe by Hungarian prosecutors into the financial reporting practices of Jobbik, the strongest opposition party. The issue of collusion with Russia is especially touchy in Hungary because Prime Minister Viktor Orban has also often been charged with having uncomfortably close ties with Moscow. He struck a giant nuclear power deal with Russia, along with other major business deals, has criticized the EU embargo on Russia and meets annually with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Orban s ruling Fidesz party, which is runaway favorite to win a third successive term in power, declined comment on Kovacs s remarks. For more than a decade in the 1980s and 1990s Kovacs lived in Moscow, a fact that he has never denied. He returned to Budapest in 2003 and two years later joined Jobbik, then a nascent political movement. Asked about that path now, Kovacs said the stories that paint him as a spy  were strange to my eyes, too. All the red and green dossiers ... fantasy is boundless.  Kovacs added that his case, which the Hungarian secret services first brought during the 2014 election season, was probably a political tool in the hands of the ruling Fidesz party used to deflect the stigma of association with Russia away from Fidesz onto Jobbik.  I am almost positive this has a political relevance,  Kovacs said.  It is no coincidence that it was brought up before elections. Now the court dates will probably fall in the thick of the election campaign, and clearly will be used to attack my party.  Kovacs told Reuters that he would quit Jobbik as of Wednesday to spare the party political smears, but said he would hold onto his MEP mandate until it expired in 2019. The European Parliament lifted Kovacs  immunity in the spy case after a lengthy process in October 2015. Following a report by European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF), Hungarian prosecutors also launched an investigation in 2015 against Kovacs over the fictitious employment of interns. Kovacs and his associates are suspected of defrauding the European Parliament of funds worth 21,076 euros ($24,909.72) in total, Hungarian prosecutors said. Kovacs also denies that charge but told Reuters he will repay that sum in the next couple of months. ($1 = 0.8461 euros) ",1
13009,"PM May working towards EU summit, progress made in talks - spokesman","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May is working towards unlocking Brexit talks at an EU summit later this month and, despite there being more work to be done, has made good progress, her spokesman said on Wednesday. Asked whether there was any truth in reports that there would be no deal with Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party over the border with EU member Ireland this week, the spokesman said:  As the PM said earlier this week, good progress has been made but there is work still to do.   We continue to work towards making further progress at the EU Council later this month.   ",1
13010,UK PM May's spokesman warns against 'speculating' that money involved in DUP Brexit row,"LONDON (Reuters) - A spokesman for British Prime Minister Theresa May warned on Wednesday against the idea that discussions with Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party to resolving a Brexit row could involve the Northern Irish budget.  I d warn you against speculating in that direction,  the spokesman told reporters when asked if talks involved financial issues and Northern Ireland s budget. He said the government would not be providing further details of a telephone call between May and DUP leader Arlene Foster earlier in the day.    ",1
13011,France says Syrian government obstructing peace talks,"PARIS (Reuters) - France accused the Syrian government on Wednesday of obstructing U.N.-led peace talks with its refusal to return to Geneva and called on Russia not to shirk its responsibilities to get Damascus to the negotiating table. Talks on ending the war in Syria resumed on Wednesday, but with no sign of President Bashar al-Assad s negotiators returning to the table in Geneva. The process began last week. But after a few days with little apparent progress, the U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura said the Syrian government delegation led by Bashar al-Ja afari was returning to Damascus to  consult and refresh .  France condemns the absence of the delegation of the regime and its refusal to engage in good faith in the negotiations to achieve a political solution,  French foreign ministry deputy spokesman Alexandre Georgini told reporters.  This refusal highlights the obstruction strategy of the political process carried out by the Damascus regime, which is responsible for the absence of progress in the negotiations,  he added. He said Russia, as one of President Bashar al-Assad s main backers, needed to assume its responsibilities so that the Syrian government finally entered the negotiations. De Mistura had said he expected talks to resume  around Tuesday  Dec. 5, but Ja afari said before leaving that he might not come back because the opposition had stated that Assad could not play a role in a future interim government. During last week s sessions, de Mistura shuttled between the representatives of the two warring sides, who did not meet face-to-face. He had planned to continue the round until Dec. 15. ",1
13012,London mayor calls for UK apology over colonial-era massacre in India,"LONDON (Reuters) - Mayor of London Sadiq Khan called on the British government on Wednesday to make a formal apology for the 1919 Jallianwala Bagh massacre in which nearly 400 Sikhs were shot dead by British Indian army soldiers. During a visit to the Golden Temple at Amritsar in northern India, the most important pilgrimage site of Sikhism, Khan called the massacre one of the most horrific events in Indian history. On Sunday 13 April 1919, some 50 soldiers began shooting at unarmed civilians who were taking part in a peaceful protest against oppressive laws enforced in the Punjab by British colonial authorities. At least 379 Sikhs were killed, but the figure is still disputed.  It is wrong that successive British governments have fallen short of delivering a formal apology to the families of those who were killed,  he said.  I m clear that the government should now apologize, especially as we reach the centenary of the massacre. This is about properly acknowledging what happened here and giving the people of Amritsar and India the closure they need through a formal apology.  Khan, who is from the opposition Labour Party, does not speak for Britain s Conservative government. Former Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron visited Amritsar at the end of a trade mission to India four years ago in a show of contrition over the massacre but stopped short of making a formal apology. Khan is on a six-day mission to India and Pakistan to strengthen cultural and economic ties with the British capital. The British Foreign Office said in a statement:  As the former Prime Minister said when he visited the Jallianwala Bagh in 2013, the massacre was a deeply shameful act in British history and one that we should never forget.  It is right that we pay respect to those who lost their lives and remember what happened. The British Government rightly condemned the events at the time.   ",1
13013,SPD leader promises to push Germany to embrace Macron,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) will do everything in their power to ensure that Berlin embraces the European ideas of French President Emmanuel Macron, SPD leader Martin Schulz said on Wednesday. Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives are hoping to form a coalition with the SPD after failing to get a three-way coalition with the liberal Free Democrats and Greens off the ground. The SPD will debate the idea of once again joining such a coalition at a congress on Dec. 7-9. Schulz criticized Merkel indirectly for not embracing Macron s ideas, which include closer cooperation in defense, migration and a deeper integration of the euro zone.  Our congress will be about this tomorrow. What are our possibilities, our options, our instruments for ensuring that Germany embraces these French ideas,  Schulz said at an SPD conference in the party s Berlin headquarters.  France is making proposals and Germany is not engaging. This is not acceptable,  he added. ",1
13014,"In break with decades of U.S. policy, Trump to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will announce on Wednesday that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and will move its embassy there, breaking with longtime U.S. policy and potentially stirring unrest. Despite warnings from Western and Arab allies, Trump in a 1 p.m. (1800 GMT) White House speech will direct the State Department to begin looking for a site for an embassy in Jerusalem as part of what is expected to be a years-long process of relocating diplomatic operations from Tel Aviv. Trump is to sign a national security waiver delaying a move of the embassy, since the United States does not have an embassy structure in Jerusalem to move into. A senior administration official said it could take three to four years to build an embassy. Still, Trump s decision, a core promise of his campaign last year, will upend decades of American policy that has seen the status of Jerusalem as part of a two-state solution for Israelis and Palestinians, who want East Jerusalem as their capital. Washington s Middle East allies all warned against the dangerous repercussions of his decision when Trump spoke to them on Tuesday.  The president believes this is a recognition of reality,  said one official, who briefed reporters on Tuesday about the announcement.  We re going forward on the basis of a truth that is undeniable. It s just a fact.  Senior Trump administration officials said Trump s decision was not intended to tip the scale in Israel s favor and that agreeing on the final status of Jerusalem would remain a central part of any peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians. In defending the decision, the officials said Trump was basically reflecting a fundamental truth: That Jerusalem is the seat of the Israeli government and should be recognized as such. The Palestinians have said the move would mean the  kiss of death  to the two-state solution. The political benefits for Trump are unclear. The decision will thrill Republican conservatives and evangelical Christians who make up a large share of his political base. But it will complicate Trump s desire for a more stable Middle East and Israel-Palestinian peace and arouse tensions. Past presidents have put off such a move. The mere hint of his decision to move the embassy in the future set off alarm bells around the Middle East, raising the prospect of violence.     Our Palestinian people everywhere will not allow this conspiracy to pass, and their options are open in defending their land and their sacred places,  said Hamas chief Ismail Haniyeh. Islamist militant groups such as al Qaeda, Hamas and Hezbollah have in the past tried to exploit Muslim sensitivities over Jerusalem to stoke anti-Israel and anti-U.S. sentiment. The decision comes as Trump s senior adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, leads a relatively quiet effort to restart long-stalled peace efforts in the region, with little in the way of tangible progress thus far.  The president will reiterate how committed he is to peace. While we understand how some parties might react, we are still working on our plan which is not yet ready. We have time to get it right and see how people feel after this news is processed over the next period of time,  one senior official said. Trump spoke to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Jordan s King Abdullah and Saudi King Salman to inform them of his decision. The Jordanian king  affirmed that the decision will have serious implications that will undermine efforts to resume the peace process and will provoke Muslims and Christians alike,  said a statement from his office. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed it. The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over the entire city, home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions.  We have always regarded Jerusalem as a final-status issue that must be resolved through direct negotiations between the two parties based on relevant Security Council resolutions,  United Nations spokesman Stephane Dujarric told reporters. No other country has its embassy in Jerusalem. Trump has weighted U.S. policy toward Israel since taking office in January, considering the Jewish state a strong ally in a volatile part of the world. Still, deliberations over the status of Jerusalem were tense. Vice President Mike Pence and David Friedman, U.S. ambassador to Israel, pushed hard for both recognition and embassy relocation, while Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis opposed the move from Tel Aviv, according to other U.S. officials who spoke on condition of anonymity. An impatient Trump finally weighed in, telling aides last week he wanted to keep his campaign promise. Abbas warned Trump of the  dangerous consequences  that moving the embassy would have for peace efforts and regional stability, Abbas spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah said. But Trump assured Abbas that he remained committed to facilitating an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal, one U.S. official said. ",1
13015,"PM May to speak to Trump on Jerusalem, says its status should be determined by negotiation","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said she intended to speak to U.S. President Donald Trump about the status of Jerusalem, which she said should be determined as part of a settlement between Israel and the Palestinians. May said the ancient city should ultimately be shared between Israel and a future Palestinian state. She said there should be a sovereign and viable Palestinian state as part of a two-state solution.  I m intending to speak to President Trump about this matter,  May said.  The status of Jerusalem should be determined in a negotiated settlement between the Israelis and the Palestinians.   Jerusalem should ultimately form a shared capital between the Israeli and Palestinian states,  May said.  ",1
13016,North Korea boats off Japan spark spy scare; but some suspect just luckless fishermen,"TOKYO (Reuters) - An increasing number of fishing boats from North Korea has been appearing off Japan - some in distress, some abandoned and some with dead bodies on board - raising fears about infiltration by spies as tension with North Korea surges. The coastguard has beefed up patrols in response to the boats - including one labeled military property - just off the coast, or even grounded on Japanese beaches. The coastguard and analysts of North Korea have played down the fears, attributing the surge in boats to more mundane reasons, such as a North Korean drive to increase winter fish catches. But the worries persist.  The government is well aware that this is causing great anxiety to local people,  Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters this week.  The police and coastguard ... are working to clarify the situation,  he said.  Once we have the facts, we will respond firmly.  There were 28 cases of boats adrift off Japan s coast or grounded on its shores in November, the coastguard said, compared with four in November last year. One of the boats was a 14-metre wooden vessel from North Korea found off the northern island of Hokkaido with 10 crew on board. Raising alarm in a country North Korea has threatened to destroy, amid tension over its relentless development of nuclear bombs and missiles, was a square plate attached to the boat reading:  Korean People s Army, No. 854 military unit  in Korean script. Police and the coastguard questioning the crew declined to comment. A day before that boat was detained, eight decomposed bodies  were found in a small boat washed up on a beach. Also on board were life jackets bearing Korean lettering.    I have no intention to stoke fears,  opposition lawmaker Tetsuro Fukuyama told parliament on Tuesday, referring to another case when eight men who said they were from North Korea were found wandering along a marina..  What about the risk of these people, if they are special agents, making a landing just when some military operation is going on?  Analysts point to rising demand for fish in North Korea, and competition with Chinese boats, pushing North Korean fishermen further out to sea. North Korea is calling for bigger catches from fishermen sailing rough winter seas in small, old boats with unreliable engines. North Korea s Rodong Sinmun newspaper last month urged  fishermen to fight their  important battle  of meeting annual quotas in winter.  Fish are like bullets and artillery shells,  it said.  Nihon University professor Ken Kotani said he did not think the boats signaled a North Korean spy campaign, noting that local authorities were handling the situation.  The government has entrusted this to local police,  he said. Satoru Miyamato, professor at Seigakuin University, said he suspected growing demand for fish was luring more fishermen to sea in rickety boats.  The number of wealthy people is growing and they re seeking a healthy diet. Fishing is meeting that demand,  he said. ",1
13017,"Respect 'status quo' of Jerusalem, says Pope in response to Trump move","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis, speaking hours before U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement on Jerusalem, called on Wednesday for the city s  status quo  to be respected, saying new tension in the Middle East would further inflame world conflicts. Trump is due on Wednesday to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and set in motion the relocation of the U.S. Embassy to the ancient city, senior U.S. officials said, a decision that upends decades of U.S. policy and risks fuelling further violence in the Middle East. In an appeal at the end of his weekly general audience, Francis called for all to honor United Nations resolutions on the city, which is sacred to Jews, Christians and Muslims.  I make a heartfelt appeal so that all commit themselves to respecting the status quo of the city, in conformity with the pertinent resolutions of the United Nations,  he said. The Vatican backs a two-state solution to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, with both sides agreeing on the status of Jerusalem as part of the peace process.  Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future independent state, whereas Israel has declared the whole city to be its  united and eternal  capital. The pope told thousands of people at his general audience:  I cannot keep quiet about my deep worry about the situation that has been created in the last few days.  He said he hoped  wisdom and prudence prevail, in order to avoid adding new elements of tension to a global panorama that is already convulsed and marked by so many and cruel conflicts.  In 2012, the Vatican called for  an internationally guaranteed special statute  for Jerusalem, aimed at  safeguarding the freedom of religion and of conscience, the identity and sacred character of Jerusalem as a Holy City, (and) respect for, and freedom of, access to its holy places.  Before making his public comments, Francis met privately with a group of Palestinians involved in inter-religious dialogue with the Vatican.  The Holy Land is for us Christians the land par excellence of dialogue between God and mankind,  he said. He spoke of dialogue between religions  and also in civil society .  The primary condition of that dialogue is reciprocal respect and a commitment to strengthening that respect, for the sake of recognizing the rights of all people, wherever they happen to be,  he said to the group. The pope spoke by telephone to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas about the crisis on Tuesday. The Vatican and Israel established full diplomatic relations in 1994. Francis, former Pope Benedict and Pope John Paul II all visited Israel and Palestinian territories. When Francis visited the Holy Land in 2014, he flew directly by helicopter from Jordan to what the Vatican program called  the  State of Palestine  and visited Israel last. This irked Israel because his predecessor had always gone first to Israel and entered the territories from Israel. The Vatican signed its first treaty with the  State of Palestine  the following year. ",1
13018,Trump undermining stability with Jerusalem move: Germany's Schulz,"BERLIN (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is undermining international stability with his decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel s capital and move the U.S. embassy there, the leader of Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) said on Wednesday. Affirming his support for a two-state solution for Israelis and Palestinians, Martin Schulz said Trump s decision, taken despite warnings from a wide range of U.S. allies, risked setting back the peace process in the Middle East. Trump is due to announce later on Wednesday that the United States recognises Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and will move its embassy there, breaking with longtime U.S. policy and possibly stirring unrest. ",1
13019,"Christine Keeler, woman at the centre of Britain's biggest sex scandal, dies","LONDON (Reuters) - Christine Keeler, the model and dancer whose liaisons with a British minister and a Soviet diplomat at the height of the Cold War shocked Britain and embroiled the government in a notorious political sex scandal, has died aged 75. Keeler s relationship with married Minister of War John Profumo, whom she met, aged 19, while swimming naked at the grand Buckinghamshire estate of his colleague William Astor, shocked socially conservative Britain in the early 1960s.   Front-page revelations that she was also having an affair with a Soviet naval attache, Yevgeny Ivanov, titillated the public and shone a light on the social and sexual mores of Britain s secretive ruling establishment. Profumo was forced to resign after lying to parliament about their relationship.  The political and diplomatic firestorm helped bring down the Conservative government of Prime Minister Harold Macmillan and the 1963  Profumo affair  is still seen as a watershed moment that changed British attitudes to sex and class. Keeler s son, Seymour Platt, told The Guardian newspaper she had died on Tuesday night after suffering for months from a form of lung disease. She had led a humble lifestyle after the scandal but never escaped the notoriety it brought her.    There was a lot of good around Chris s rather tragic life, because there was a family around her that loved her,  Platt was quoted as saying.  I think what happened to her back in the day was quite damaging.   The black-and-white photograph of a naked Keeler sitting astride an Arne Jacobsen chair remains the defining image of the lurid scandal that has been retold several times on screen and stage, including as a musical. It even added an expression to the British lexicon. At the trial of Stephen Ward, the man who brought Keeler and Profumo together, a fellow showgirl was told that another establishment figure denied having sex with her.  Well, he would, wouldn t he?,  responded Mandy Rice-Davies. In later life, Keeler had regrets about how the scandal unfolded and said she had been a victim.   I wish, that at that time, I had been older so that I would have been able to have answered or spoke up for myself and Stephen but I was only a young girl,  she said. ",1
13020,"German trains collide near Duesseldorf, several people injured","BERLIN (Reuters) - Several people were injured in a train crash on Tuesday near the German city of Duesseldorf, fire department and police spokesmen said. Rail operator Deutsche Bahn said a passenger train of the regional provider National Express drove into a freight train from DB Cargo about 1830 GMT in the town of Meerbusch. The Meerbusch fire department said up to 150 passengers were on the train and that 5 people suffered injuries. A police spokesman earlier had told German broadcaster ARD that about 50 people had been injured in the train crash. A German government spokesman said Chancellor Angela Merkel had been briefed on the situation. ",1
13021,Australia's High Court to rule in new citizenship test case,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia faces a series of by-elections that could topple the government, which trails in opinion polls and has lost its slender majority, in a bizarre citizenship crisis that has engulfed both sides of parliament. Senator Katy Gallagher and lower-house member David Feeney, both from the opposition Labor party, were referred to the High Court on Wednesday to determine whether they hold British, as well as Australian, citizenship. Neither is a member of the government, but the outcome of Gallagher s case in particular, which rests on whether she made  reasonable steps  to renounce her British citizenship, will set a precedent that could later unseat government members. Dual citizens are ineligible for elected office under Australia s 116-year-old constitution. In a nation in which half the population were either born overseas or have parents who were, the rule has disqualified nine lawmakers, and left Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull s Liberal-National coalition clinging to a minority government. Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce briefly lost his seat  when it was found he also held New Zealand citizenship. But he won it back in a by-election last weekend. A by-election in former tennis star John Alexander s theoretically safe Sydney seat on Dec. 19 will determine whether the government regains its one-seat majority. However, a victory may not be lasting, since the citizenship status of another four lower-house government lawmakers was called into question after a deadline for politicians to disclose the birthplace of their parents and grandparents passed on Tuesday.  There are many inadequate disclosures that ask more questions than provide answers,  Labor leader Bill Shorten told reporters in Canberra. The government, behind in opinion polls and keen to avoid any more by-elections, voted down a Labor proposal to refer those lawmakers  cases to the High Court and said it would not revisit the matter until after the Gallagher case was heard. Gallagher filed paperwork, and paid processing fees, to renounce her British citizenship more than two months before being elected in July 2016. But she did not get confirmation from the British Home Office that her renunciation had been processed until after she was voted in, her disclosure documents show.  Several other lawmakers are in a similar bind.  It will be a test case,  constitutional law expert George Williams, dean of law at the University of New South Wales, told Reuters by telephone.  But it leaves open the possibility that now this will go on for quite some time. There s large question marks over quite a number of people.  Turnbull s government would have to rely on the support of a handful of independent MPs to retain power if Alexander loses his Dec. 19 by-election, or if the High Court ousts another coalition lawmaker from the lower house.  It s uncertain territory, we still don t know for sure who is eligible and who s not,  University of Queensland politics lecturer Chris Salisbury told Reuters. (Refiles to add dropped word  loses  in paragraph 17) ",1
13022,Man appears in court accused of plotting to kill British PM May,"LONDON (Reuters) - A man appeared in a London court on Wednesday on suspicion of plotting to kill Prime Minister Theresa May. A prosecution lawyer told Westminster Magistrates Court that the plot was to detonate an explosive device at the gates of Downing Street, gain access to May s office at Number 10 and to kill her. ",1
13023,U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as capital important for Israel: minister,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. recognition that Jerusalem is Israel s capital would be important for Israel even if it delayed moving its embassy there, Israel s minister for public security, Gilad Erdan said on Wednesday.  This declaration is very important for us, but we only see it as a reflection of what is happening on the ground in reality, no game-changer,  Erdan told reporters in Brussels.    In reality, nothing is going to change.   We don t think this is an excuse for a new wave of violence and we won t be afraid of this,  he continued. U.S. President Donald Trump is expected on Wednesday to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and set in motion the relocation of the U.S. embassy to the ancient city. ",1
13024,"U.S. plan to move Israel embassy sign of 'failure', Iran's leader says","BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S. plans to move its Israel embassy to Jerusalem are a sign of incompetence and failure, Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Wednesday. U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to announce that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and will move its embassy there, breaking with longtime U.S. policy and potentially stirring unrest.  That they claim they want to announce Quds as the capital of occupied Palestine is because of their incompetence and failure,  Khamenei said, using the Arabic name for Jerusalem, according to his official website. He made the remarks to a group of top Iranian officials, regional officials and religious figures attending a conference in Tehran.  Iran has long supported a number of Palestinian militant groups opposed to Israel.   The issue of Palestine today is at the top of the political issues for Muslims and everyone is obligated to work and struggle for the freedom and salvation of the people of Palestine,  Khamenei said. At the same gathering, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said,  Quds belongs to Islam, Muslims and the Palestinians, and there is no place for new adventurism by global oppressors,  according to Mizan, the news site for the Iranian judiciary. Iran wants  peace and stability  in the region but will not tolerate the violation of Islamic holy sites, Rouhani said.  No Muslim population, including Iran, will tolerate the violation of oppressors and Zionists against Islamic holy sites,  Rouhani said, according to Mizan. The United States has not been able to reach its goals and seeks to destabilize the region, Khamenei said.  On the issue of Palestine, (U.S.) hands are tied and they cannot advance their goals,  Khamenei said, saying the Palestinian people would be victorious.  American government officials have said themselves that we have to start a war in the region to protect the security of the Zionist regime (Israel),  Khamenei said. Certain rulers in the region are  dancing to America s tune  Khamenei said, an indirect reference to Iran s main regional rival Saudi Arabia.   Whatever America wants, they ll work against Islam to accomplish it,  he said. ",1
13025,Britain urges U.S. to come forward with Mideast peace plan,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain s Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson called on the United States on Wednesday to present its proposal to revive the Middle East peace process  as a matter of priority.  Before a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at NATO, Johnson said the U.S. decision to move its embassy to Israel  makes it more important than ever that the long-awaited American proposals on the Middle East peace process are now brought forward,  he said.   That should happen as a matter of priority,  he said. ",1
