id,title,text,label
4613,This Is the Least Important Election of Our Lifetimes,"During the 1864 presidential race between Abraham Lincoln and George McClellan, The New York Times published an article that contained this sentence: ""We have had many important elections, but never one so important as that now approaching."" Though there may have been some truth in this claim, three years into the Civil War means the Times was probably one election too late.

In any event, every candidate or publication that's made comparable declarations since that time regarding the presidential contest being the ""most important"" election of their ""lifetime"" or their ""generation"" or ""in history"" or ""ever"" is completely full of it.

That goes for Gerald Ford, who in a debate against Jimmy Carter claimed that the 1976 election was ""one of the most vital in the history of America."" As it turns out, that was a contest between an accidental president and a highly ineffectual future president. And it wasn't even the most important election Carter would participate in.

It also goes for Walter Mondale, who in 1984 told a crowd, ""This is the most important election of our lives."" (Ronald Reagan lost a single state to Mondale, and the outcome was never really in doubt.) It goes for John Kerry, who in 2004 said, ""My fellow Americans, this is the most important election of our lifetime."" It goes for Joe Biden and Barack Obama, both of whom claimed that 2008 was ""the most important election in my lifetime."" It goes for Newt Gingrich, who said it in 2012. It goes also for the media that acted as if what they said were true.

It certainly goes for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, neither of whom possess the requisite talent, vision or charisma needed to destroy this country in a mere four years. Yet on Tuesday in Dade City, Florida, Clinton finally stated what many in her party (from the president to students to 96-year-old Roger Angell) have been saying for months: ""I believe this may be the most important election of our lifetimes."" For her, yes. For the rest of us, not so much.

Judging from the histrionic rhetoric we hear daily, most people believe this is the most important election ever. Did you see the meltdown leftist media had after Clinton's ethical tribulations again threatened her chances at the White House? You'd think attacking Clinton were tantamount to attacking the very foundations of ""democracy.""

Partisans always seem to believe that everything that happens to them right now, at this very moment, is the most important thing that has ever happened or will ever happen to humanity.

Yes, government's increasing involvement in the economic and moral lives of citizens has made political stakes high. It's true that 2016 features the two suckiest candidates probably ever. It's also true that our collective vision of the American project has frayed, perhaps beyond repair. With the intense scrutiny of contemporary political coverage, more people are invested in the daily grind of elections, which intensifies the sting of losing. This anger compounds every cycle (although winning brings its own disappointment with its unfulfilled promises).

That's not to say our constitutional republic isn't slowly dying. It probably is. This condition isn't contingent on an election's outcome but on widespread problems with our institutions, politics and voters. Whatever you believe the future of governance should look like, one election is not going make or break it.

In fact, when it comes to policy, it's far more likely that very little will change over the next four years—perhaps even less than changed with the election of Obama, who had two years of one-party rule before Republicans took back Congress. Last year, Bloomberg Businessweek ran a column headlined ""Why 2016 May Be the Most Important Election of Our Lifetime."" Like many other similar pieces, it argues that as our politics become more polarized our elections become correspondingly more significant. But our growing divide might be exactly why 2016 turns out to be one of the least important elections in our lifetime.

If providence (or dumb luck) takes mercy on the Constitution, Washington D.C.'s gridlock—an organic reflection of the nation's disposition—will remain the status quo.

Actually, what am I talking about? That's exactly what the Constitution was built to do in a divided nation. The situation will render the next president weaker than most and somewhat contain his or her authoritarianism and poor judgment.

This kind of frustrating environment is likely to cause more recrimination and, unfortunately, abuses of power that are meant to circumvent the congestion. Still, overall, it's better than partisan unilateralism. The situation will not change until we find competent people to put into the White House or politicians with ideas that have some crossover appeal. That time is not now.

Of course, none of this is to completely diminish the importance of the presidential election. Obviously, voters are making a decision about the future of governance. Judges are at stake. Foreign policy is made. There are consequences. But if the republic can't survive a bad executive, then it's already dead.",1
2749,O’Reilly denounces Mother Jones story on his war reporting,"Bill O’Reilly responded to a Mother Jones story accusing him of making false claims about his reporting on the Falklands War by calling its author a liar.

The Fox News host told me in an interview that he has always accurately described what happened during that period and that David Corn, Washington bureau chief of the left-wing magazine, “is a liar, a smear merchant, and will do anything he can to injure me and the network. Everybody knows that. Everything I’ve reported about my journalistic career is true.”

Corn, who is also an MSNBC contributor, said last night that he had tried repeatedly, through e-mails and voice mails, to obtain comment from O’Reilly or Fox.

“I’d never speak to him,” O’Reilly said.

The crux of the story involves O’Reilly’s role as a CBS correspondent in the 1982 shooting war between Britain and Argentina over the disputed islands. Referring to the press corps, O’Reilly told me: “Nobody was on the Falklands and I never said I was on the island, ever.”

Corn was a Fox News contributor, from 2001 to 2008, whose contract was not renewed.

The adversarial tone of the story he co-authored is telegraphed in the headline: “Bill O’Reilly Has His Own Brian Williams Problem.”

That clearly accuses O’Reilly of telling lies on par with the false tale that prompted NBC to impose a six-month suspension on Williams, who had to apologize for claiming that he was on a helicopter hit by a rocket-propelled grenade over Iraq in 2003.

And yet the Mother Jones piece appears to turn on semantics, not some specific story that O’Reilly told about being in the Falklands. Among the examples cited:

--In a 2001 book, O’Reilly said: “I've reported on the ground in active war zones from El Salvador to the Falklands.""

--In a Washington panel discussion, O’Reilly said: “I've covered wars, okay? I've been there. The Falklands, Northern Ireland, the Middle East. I've almost been killed three times, okay.”

--In a 2004 column, O’Reilly wrote: “Having survived a combat situation in Argentina during the Falklands war, I know that life-and-death decisions are made in a flash.""

But that reference—O’Reilly saying he was “in Argentina”--undercuts the thrust of the story, that he claimed to have covered the Falklands combat.

The same phrase, “in Argentina,” also appears in some 2013 comments by O’Reilly cited by Corn:

“I was in a situation one time, in a war zone in Argentina, in the Falklands, where my photographer got run down and then hit his head and was bleeding from the ear on the concrete. And the army was chasing us. I had to make a decision. And I dragged him off…”

In the interview, O’Reilly described the scene in Buenos Aires in the aftermath of the hostilities in the Falklands: “Thousands took to the streets. Hundreds of troops surrounded the presidential palace. I was in the middle of that. A reporter was shot in the legs. People were throwing rocks, bricks, some had guns.”

So the dispute comes down to O’Reilly’s shorthand use of the Falklands and the term “war zone.”

Corn, who gained public attention when he obtained the Mitt Romney “47 percent” tape during the 2012 campaign, defended his focus on O’Reilly’s language.

“He covered a protest,” Corn said. “It might be a minor point, but the war was over. If Mr. O’Reilly wanted to make that case, he certainly could have. I would have gladly put it in the story. Instead of responding to the substance, he’s out there just calling names.”

But Corn’s own piece largely backs up O’Reilly’s account of the dangerous situation, except for O'Reilly's recollection that there were fatalities:

“Dispatches on the protest filed by reporters from the New York Times, the Miami Herald, and UPI note that thousands did take to the street, setting fires, breaking store windows, and that riot police did battle with protesters who threw rocks and sticks. They say tear gas was deployed; police clubbed people with nightsticks and fired rubber bullets; reporters were assaulted by demonstrators and by police; and a photojournalist was wounded in the legs by gunfire.”

That’s a far cry from a bogus claim of having been shot down in a helicopter, the explicit comparison made by the headline.

O’Reilly said the material he gathered for CBS led Dan Rather’s newscast and he received internal praise for his reporting. He called the Mother Jones story “total bull--.”

“There is not any way anyone on earth could say I said I was on the Falkland Islands,” O’Reilly said.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
5016,"Paul Ryan 1, Donald Trump 0","Donald Trump is a proud man. He rarely admits that he's wrong. He even said, at one point in this campaign, ""A lot of times, when you apologize, they use it as ammunition against [you].""

But Donald Trump effectively apologized twice on Friday -- or at least admitted he was wrong twice. And, arguably, he did it three and even four times.

First, on Friday morning, there was Trump's admission that he mistook video of the release of U.S. hostages held by Iran in Geneva as video of a transfer of $400 million from the United States to Iran. Then, on Friday night, he endorsed House Speaker Paul D. Ryan's (R-Wis.) reelection after declining to do so just three days prior.

Oh, and he also endorsed Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.), whom he also conspicuously declined to back earlier this week.

""We will have disagreements, but we will disagree as friends and never stop working together toward victory -- and very importantly, toward real change,"" Trump said of Ryan in Green Bay, Wis.

The endorsement followed plenty of uncertainty. In comments to The Washington Post's Philip Rucker on Tuesday, Trump declined to back Ryan and said nice things about Ryan's primary opponent, Paul Nehlen. The snub was particularly notable since Ryan delayed his own endorsement of Trump. But given that endorsement eventually arrived, Trump's lack of reciprocation was seen as a political faux pas -- or perhaps a signal to Ryan that his continued criticism of Trump's controversial comments wasn't appreciated.

Trump also thumbed his nose at Ayotte, citing her lack of direct support.

“You have a Kelly Ayotte who doesn’t want to talk about Trump, but I'm beating her in the polls by a lot,"" Trump told Rucker. ""You tell me. Are these people that should be representing us, okay? You tell me.”

In the end, though, it looks like a GOP nominee who often says things he might regret had come to regret these comments. Trump trails in the presidential race badly in recent polls -- by as much as 15 points -- and the potential for the GOP establishment to desert him was just not something he could take on.

Ryan has set himself up as the conscience of the GOP. He withheld his endorsement of Trump for a long time before coming around, and he has regularly weighed in when the establishment saw Trump going too far.

But what's most notable here is that Ryan continued his criticism of Trump even after Trump threatened to withhold his endorsement.

""We just came out our convention, and yeah he's had a pretty strange run since the convention,"" Ryan told Jerry Bader of Wisconsin local radio station WTAQ in an interview Thursday. ""You would think you ought to be focusing on Hillary Clinton -- on all of her deficiencies. She is such a weak candidate that one would think we'd be on offense against Hillary Clinton, and it is distressing that that's not what we're talking about these days.""

Ryan reassured that his support wasn't a ""blank check"" and even sent a fundraising email that could be read to warn of a potential landslide Trump loss in November.

If Trump wanted Ryan to kiss the ring and back down, he didn't get it. But despite that, he felt the pressure to back the most significant figure in the GOP establishment. And in doing so, he also bowed to the pressure he faced to endorse two senators who would be very important to GOP efforts to hold onto the Senate.

We're past the point where things like this can be cast as Trump truly changing tack and shifting into general election mode. But clearly, this was one case in which he bowed to the kind of political reality he usually shrugs at.",1
2001,Activists bristle at Clinton fundraising,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
258,"The affair allegations that derailed Kevin McCarthy's quest for the speakership, explained","A lot of people I speak to who aren't deeply involved in American politics are a little confused about what, exactly, is up with the House Republicans these days. Why did Kevin McCarthy remove himself from the running for speaker without even having a vote? And if the problem with McCarthy is that he wasn't conservative enough, why are people talking about Paul Ryan — who isn't any more conservative than McCarthy — as possibly being able to step into the breach? What, in other words, is actually going on?

It's awkward for the media because a key element of the story is a wild allegation for which nobody in journalism seems to have any evidence.

But it's clear at this point that the rumors — whether or not they are true — have started to play an important role in big-picture American politics. So here goes. People are saying that McCarthy, who is married, is (or was in the past) having an affair with Renee Ellmers, a married Republican member of Congress from North Carolina.

McCarthy's opponents on the right helped shove him out of the race by threatening to elevate this rumor from Capitol Hill gossip to national news. This explains why he bowed out without insisting on a vote, and it also explains why people think a person with McCarthy-like views might be able to squeak in.

I have no idea, and nobody else seems to either. It's obviously in neither party's interest to admit it if it is true, but it's also not the kind of thing they would easily be able to disprove if it weren't true. But Politico's team of congressional correspondents reports that Ellmers has thanked colleagues for their ""prayers and support,"" and earlier this week her lawyers sent a cease-and-desist letter to GotNews, the website that originally published the rumors, calling them defamatory.

Nobody thinks the alleged affair is the actual reason McCarthy faced opposition in his quest for the speaker's gavel. Rather, the affair seems to be a tool that his enemies inside the caucus and in the larger movement used against him.

It's a tool that works on two levels:

The affair allegations matter, in other words, because they raise the possibility that the Freedom Caucus doesn't actually have the votes necessary to block an establishment-friendly choice for speaker from obtaining the 218 votes needed to take over. It's possible that the affair allegations were a crucial difference maker — either in driving a few votes away from McCarthy or in driving him from the field even though he had 218 supporters — and that Paul Ryan or some other figure could unite the party without saying or doing anything substantively different from what McCarthy has done.",1
4694,Donald Trump is running out of ways to win,"But 25 days before the election, Trump's path to the 270 electoral votes needed to capture the presidency is looking more and more impossible by the day, as states he once said he'd flip from blue to red increasingly slip out of his reach. Meanwhile, reliably red states threaten to turn purple.

Trump's odds of a win were spiraling downward days before the 2005 ""Access Hollywood"" recording that surfaced last week and depicted him bragging about his ability to grope women as a perk of his celebrity. Since then, his support has collapsed -- particularly among women. A new NBC/Wall Street Journal poll showed Clinton with a 9-point lead and a new national Fox poll released Thursday night that had Clinton at 45% and Trump at 38% in a four-way race.

In the most stunning development of the week, Trump and Clinton were tied at 26% in ruby-red Utah, with virtually unknown independent candidate Evan McMullin closing in on third place with 22%, according to a survey from Y2 Analytics.

""He's at a point where he's trying to draw an inside straight now by campaigning primarily in Florida, Pennsylvania, Ohio and North Carolina,"" said veteran GOP pollster Whit Ayres. ""He is well behind in Pennsylvania; he appears according to the latest polls to be effectively tied in North Carolina and Ohio; and he's behind in Florida.""

""Donald Trump said he would put new states in play,"" Ayres said, but he noted wryly that he never thought they would be the red states of Utah, Arizona and Georgia. Clinton's campaign has already invested resources in Arizona and is marshaling forces in Georgia as they eye ways to expand the map for down-ballot races. And this is before allegations this week from a growing number of women who have accused him of unwanted sexual advances. Trump has vehemently denied those accusations, and there is no data yet to gauge whether he will suffer further fallout in the polls, but it's another issue that has knocked Trump off-message with time running down before Election Day. ""The map looked strong for Clinton at the start of this race and it's looking even stronger for her toward the end of it,"" Ayres said. ""If a landslide is winning in the Electoral College by more than 100 votes, Clinton is on track to do that now."" Because of Democrats' advantage in the Electoral College, Trump's path to the White House relied not only on keeping all the states that Mitt Romney won in 2012, but also seizing Democratic turf in states like Pennsylvania. Clinton held a 9-point lead in Pennsylvania, according to a new Bloomberg Politics poll released Thursday. Most striking was her lead in the Philadelphia suburbs -- the place where many strategists believe this race will be won or lost. A startling 56% of suburban Philadelphia voters said they were supporting Clinton, compared to 28% for Trump. What female voters in Philly suburbs really think Even if Trump were to win the mighty battleground states of North Carolina (where Clinton currently has a 4-point lead), Ohio, Nevada and Florida, he would still fall short of the 270 electoral votes that he needs to win. That means he would have to make up ground in Pennsylvania, Michigan or Wisconsin -- all states where he is trailing far behind her, according to new polls. Democrats have long been confident about their ability to win Colorado, where both Trump and Clinton visited recently And they are increasingly bullish about their chances in Nevada, another state Clinton hit this week. In another blow to Trump's campaign on Thursday, Republican sources confirmed that Trump was pulling his resources from Virginia, a state that has seen a huge influx in the number of foreign-born citizens and large growth among Asians, who have increasingly tilted toward Democrats in recent years. Because of demographic changes in Arizona and Georgia, those two states appear to be closer this year than in 2012 when Romney won them comfortably. Democrats had already made inroads with the large African-American population in Georgia, and been buoyed by the growing Hispanic population in that state. But Clinton has also shown particular strength this cycle among college-educated white women voters in the suburbs of Atlanta. While campaigning in Colorado this week, Clinton urged her supporters to get their friends out to vote in Utah and Arizona. ""We are competing everywhere, and the polls are tightening because I think Americans want a turnout in as big a number as possible to reject the dark and divisive and hateful campaign that is being run by my opponent."" Many Republican strategists still expect Trump to hold on in Utah and Arizona, even if he loses the race. But Democrats believe they are laying the groundwork for 2020 and beyond. ""In the same way President Obama helped build up registration in the African American community and among millennials, Donald Trump is offering new opportunities for Democrats to make gains,"" said Bill Burton, a former Obama adviser. Burton noted that in California, for example, registration among Latinos has grown exponentially, ""and you're seeing that trend across the country. It's opening doors that wouldn't otherwise be open.... Donald Trump is inspiring a whole new generation of voters to go out and get registered, and get engaged, it's really helping Democrats build up our network.""",1
1300,Kasich: Bush's campaign is 'freaking out',"""They're getting more and more desperate. They need to relax a little bit. You know, it's just an election, a campaign. It's like they're freaking out. Calm down, Bush people. It's not that serious,"" he told CNN's John Berman and Kate Bolduan Tuesday on CNN's ""At This Hour.""

Kasich, who has staked his hopes a good finish in Tuesday's New Hampshire primary, said millions have been spent against him by supporters of his opponents, including Bush.

But the Ohio governor said he is confident that he will do well in the Granite State despite the recent negative ad blitz.

""It's a shame when you see people take the low road to the highest office in the land. But I've decided not to do it,"" he said. ""We feel the momentum. And we'll see what happens. And we'll live with the results. But there will be no regrets in the Kasich campaign for all the work we've put in, the positivity of all of it.""

Kasich said he plans on heading to South Carolina following Tuesday's results. ""We're going to be changing some snowshoes for some flip-flops and we're going to go from fried clams to jambalaya,"" he said.",1
3050,Point-counterpoint: Is political polarization really such a bad thing? | Commentary,"Americans love to complain about their polarized politics. And why not? It’s the root of congressional stalemates that keep us from dealing with all the important issues of our time, from illegal immigration to bankrupt entitlement programs and government debt — not to mention the waves of hot air that blow over us from cable news talk programs.

But is polarization really such a bad thing?

Political polarization impedes steps necessary to solve mounting national problems. These problems include rising levels of government debt; illegal immigration; spending on entitlement programs; the deterioration of America’s roads, bridges, railways and airports; the impending failure of employee pension systems; and lackluster economic growth, not to mention various pressing international issues.

If the two parties cannot compromise to address these issues, then they will gradually grow to a point of crisis, at which point it may be too late to do very much about them.

Political polarization between the two parties has grown to a point that Americans have not seen since the 1890s, and perhaps not since the 1850s when the nation was in the process of coming apart over the slavery issue.

Scholars have found that Republican voters and officeholders have become much more conservative since the 1970s while Democrats have grown increasingly liberal. From the late 1930s into the 1960s, roughly half the members of the House and Senate were “moderates” as measured by their voting records. The parties had not yet separated into rival ideological camps.

Today less than 10 percent of the members of Congress can be called moderates on a liberal-conservative scale.

By the same process, the ideological distance between Democrats and Republicans has increased year by year. Students of public opinion have observed a similar pattern among voters: They are now sharply polarized, express strong dislike for the opposing party and its voters, and do not trust the government to enact policies in the public interest.

There was a time in America when parents feared that a son or daughter might marry someone of a different religious faith; today, they tend to worry more that a child might marry someone of a different political faith.

In addition, the various states in the union have moved in opposite political directions, some becoming havens for Democrats and others for Republicans. It would be easy to point to other measures of increased polarization. A polarized and distrustful political system will never yield the compromises needed to address the serious problems the country is now facing.

It is true that President Barack Obama achieved some victories in this polarized environment, but at a high cost to his popularity and the Democratic Party’s standing in Congress. In addition, some of his signal achievements — such as his health care bill and the nuclear treaty with Iran — will be reversed as soon as a Republican president is elected.

It is hard to know exactly what has caused political polarization. To some extent, people “vote with their feet” and gradually separate into different jurisdictions based upon political views and lifestyle preferences. This process is aided by technology that allows citizens to communicate only to those already in agreement.

Over time in any political system the rival “teams” will accumulate grievances against one another to the point where they lose any interest in communicating across party lines. This happened in the 1850s: We know what happened as a consequence of that development. Things are not going to get that bad in America this time around, but they could get plenty bad if and when we have another serious recession or the stock market loses 30 percent or 40 percent of its value. Sadly, it appears that as a nation we are no longer capable of making preparations for such events.

James Piereson is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute. He wrote this for InsideSources.com. Reach him at communications@manhattan-institute.org.

Three weeks before Halloween in 2002, the chambers of Congress considered House Joint Resolution 114.

If it passed, that meant then-President George W. Bush would be permitted to “use the Armed Forces of the United States as he determines and appropriate” against Iraq.

A total of 296 members of the House of Representatives voted for the resolution; 77 members of the Senate voted yes. That meant 68 percent of the House voted for a U.S. war against Iraq, and 77 percent of the Senate voted likewise.

The vote also meant Hillary Clinton and Chuck Schumer, New York senators, had much in common with Mitch McConnell, a senator from Kentucky, and social conservative Rick Santorum, then a senator from Pennsylvania.

Two liberal Democrats: Clinton and Schumer. Two conservative Republicans: McConnell and Santorum.

However on Oct. 10 and 11, 2002, that foursome all voted the same.

They answered “Aye” in support of Bush’s war to eradicate Saddam Hussein’s supposed stash of “weapons of mass destruction.”

However, suppose that Fearsome Foursome and other rivals didn’t jump into the same bed. Then, perhaps the U.S. wouldn’t have launched a complicated and protracted war that ultimately became a widely unpopular conflict in a foreign land. A Vietnam 2.0, in retrospect.

Perhaps, instead of congressional bipartisanship (i.e. legislative kumbaya), political polarization was needed to prevent the loss of 4,486 U.S. soldiers in Iraq, 2,345 in Afghanistan, with 1 million wounded, all at a cost of potentially $6 trillion.

History has shown us that political polarization can be a positive tool when influencing and assessing the well-being of Americans.

Said Stanford University political science professor David W. Brady: “The U.S. Congress was polarized in the Civil War era and in the New Deal era and it was via polarized voting that got the 13, 14 and 15 amendments passed. ... In the New Deal era, it was polarized voting that passed all of the legislation that makes up the modern welfare state — Social Security, WPA (Works Progress Administration), unemployment compensation. If you believe this was good legislation, then you believe that sometimes polarized voting does good things.”

The 13th Amendment abolished slavery, the 14th Amendment granted citizenship to “all persons born or naturalized in the United States,” which included former slaves recently freed, and the 15th Amendment prohibits federal and state governments from denying a citizen the right to vote based on that citizen’s “race, color or previous condition of servitude.”

Most of us assuredly support the positive ramifications of Social Security and unemployment compensation legislation. Just ask anyone who is retired and/or unemployed.

Political polarization also is a surefire way to induce passion among the voting ranks. Just examine the fan fervor that follows every step taken by Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and Ben Carson. That fervor likely will translate into huge numbers at the primaries and polls come 2016.

We see a clear line of demarcation among our Republican and Democratic and independent presidential candidates, as well as their supporters. No ambiguity. No indifference. No waffling.

But we do see heightened passion and intense debate.

That’s political polarization at its best. Not its worst.

Gregory Clay is a Washington columnist and a former editor for McClatchy-Tribune News Service. He wrote this for InsideSources.com. Follow him on Twitter at @gregory_clay.",1
989,"Trump's challenges come to the fore, reshaping GOP race","Donald Trump's style puts a ceiling on his political appeal, pundits have long suggested. This week offered new evidence.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

This week, the popular mass e-mail that helps people build their vocabularies – “ A.Word.A.Day” – featured a word that has been used to describe Donald Trump. It’s “clairaudience” and it means “the supposed ability to hear what is inaudible.”

Rolling Stone writer Paul Solotaroff has described the GOP presidential frontrunner as clairaudient – able to see into and hear the hearts of “disaffected underemployed white people” from his office on the 26th floor of Trump Tower, and to read their rage back to them “word for word, in ways that no Republican has ever done before.”

But the past two weeks suggest that clairaudience has its limits.

Losing Wisconsin by 13 points is the latest evidence that Trump’s strengths – reading voters and accurately identifying their concerns – are no longer outweighing his shortcomings.

His limitations have long been known. He speaks off the cuff. His policies lack specificity and practicality. His demeanor can be boorish. For months, the connection he has made with his core audience – in some cases, through those very qualities – has limited any damage.

But now, with only two other competitors left in the race and Trump urgently needing 1,237 delegates to avoid a contested convention in which the party will be aligned against him, his clairaudience isn’t enough. So far, he's won fewer than 50 percent of the delegates on offer; to get to 1,237, he'll need to win more than 60 percent of those remaining. In other words, he needs to expand his support.

As a result, the candidate who has broken all the political ""rules"" of how to run for president is at last having to reckon with them.

“He’s kind of like a guy in a barber shop that makes a lot of sense complaining about things. But that doesn’t mean he should be president of the United States,” says GOP consultant Matt Mackowiak, who has not endorsed any candidate.

“This is the challenge going forward: Can he grow as a candidate, and can he grow as a credible nominee?”

No question, the billionaire has identified issues that voters care about, says Republican pollster David Winston, president of The Winston Group.

Along with Mr. Cruz, Trump criticizes lax immigration enforcement and wants to build a big barrier on the southern border.

Along with Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders, Trump has railed against international trade deals that have cost Americans well-paying manufacturing jobs.

And he has made a consummate dealmaker’s complaint ­that the US is getting “ripped off” by allies who won’t contribute a fair share to NATO.

“Is Trump identifying dynamics that people care about? Yes,” says Mr. Winston, who does polling for Republicans in Congress. “So you’ve identified the problem. Great. What’s your solution?”

Until this week, Trump has been able to successfully run a primary campaign on such broad policy prescriptions (or none at all) because of his celebrity, his tell-it-like-it-is style, and the fact that there were so many candidates in the race – candidates who mostly fought each other, not him.

“With 17 candidates running, there’s not enough time to force details on tax cuts or whatever your foreign policy is,” says Mackowiak. “Now we’re down to three candidates and there’s more of a requirement for specificity.”

As that dynamic has changed, however, Trump has not grown as a ""credible nominee,"" Mr. Mackowiak argues. He cites the billionaire’s recent interviews on policy positions in The New York Times, The Washington Post, and other media. He’s laid out positions such as a nuclear-armed Japan and South Korea, possibly leaving NATO, and forcing Mexico to pay for a wall on the border by cutting off money that Mexicans in the US send back home.

Experts have called these positions unworkable or even dangerous. But perhaps more important to voters, they have revealed “how totally out of his depth he is” on almost every major issue, Mackowiak says.

So, can Trump study up and act “more presidential,” as he says his friends and family are urging him to do?

He’s planning soon to roll out more policy speeches (his speech on US-Israeli relations was written by his son-in-law). Recently, one of his foreign policy advisers appeared on the respected PBS Newshour – but his team is made up of unknowns or people who have mixed reputations in foreign policy circles, according to Politico.

“He would need a lot more than a few policy speeches written by somebody else to be a credible candidate for president. He would need an entire personality transplant, and that's not going to happen,” says GOP pollster Whit Ayres, president of North Star Opinion Research. Mr. Ayres was the pollster for Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio, who has dropped out of the race.

Trump has said that he will be “very presidential” once he dispenses with his competitors, Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich. He’ll be so presidential, he’s telling the media, that they’ll be “bored.”

But in Wisconsin, exit polls show that nearly 40 percent of Republicans said they would not vote for him if he were the nominee. He would need “north of 90 percent in his own party” to win a general election, Ayres points out.

Meanwhile, his controversial style and broad policy pronouncements may have won him a loyal following among primary voters, but his approach so far has also resulted in very high negative ratings among general election voters – unfavorables in the mid- to high-60s.

One of Trump's challenges will be to find some way to drop those “staggering” negatives, explains Winston. “That’s incredibly hard to do.”",1
1743,Inside Bernie Sanders’ unorthodox debate prep,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1257,"Republicans barnstorm Iowa after debate, as underdogs show new life","If there’s one message the Republican presidential candidates not named Donald Trump aimed to get across at the final debate before Iowa’s caucuses, it was this: 50 states still have to vote, and a lot could change when they do.

“We're just starting. The first vote hasn't been counted. Why don't we let the process work?” Jeb Bush said in Des Moines.

The GOP contenders are barnstorming the Hawkeye State Friday on the heels of the Fox News/Google debate, where Trump’s absence put a spotlight on candidates like Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio – but also gave the race’s underdogs a chance to engage on the issues, and even capture airtime that eluded them when the front-runner was onstage.

Bush and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, in particular, were getting high marks Friday from analysts. The former Florida governor was seen as having one of his best debate performances of the campaign -- including pointed criticism of his former protégé Rubio -- perhaps benefiting from not having to worry about Trump belittling his every comment. And Paul, after missing the cut in the last debate, returned to the main stage with a firm critique of his rivals’ alleged inconsistencies on immigration, surveillance and more.

In Iowa, those candidates may simply be too far behind in the polls for a strong debate showing to make much difference.

But the night helped show that few candidates are conceding anything to front-runner Trump, or the other two top-polling candidates, Cruz and Rubio.

Asked Friday if he changed any minds at the debate, Bush said, “I hope so.”

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, too, played the role Thursday of disenchanted Washington outsider, scolding the Florida and Texas senators after an immigration spat and quipping that he needed a Washington “dictionary” to decipher what they were saying.

""This is why you need to send someone outside of Washington to Washington,"" Christie said. ""Stop the Washington bull and let's get things done.""

With Trump out of the picture – boycotting the debate over complaints about Fox News, instead hosting a veterans event nearby – Cruz absorbed much of the criticism from the other GOP candidates.

He and Rubio tangled the most, as Rubio tries to make up ground against Cruz in both Iowa and New Hampshire.

In their most heated exchange, Rubio accused Cruz of falsely describing himself as the most conservative candidate, and changing his position on immigration.

“This is the lie that Ted’s campaign is built on,” the Florida senator said. “Throughout this campaign, you’ve been willing to say and do anything in order to get votes.”

He said Cruz used to talk about bringing immigrants out of the shadows, and, “now, you want to trump Trump on immigration.”

The Texas senator flipped the allegation, saying it is Rubio who vowed to fight against “amnesty” and then reversed course for political expediency.

“I like Marco, he’s very charming, he’s very smooth,” Cruz said, before accusing him of siding with donors in the immigration debate.

Bush later sparred as well with Rubio on immigration. Bush said Rubio sponsored the “gang of eight” bill that allowed for legalization, but “then he cut and run” because it wasn’t popular with conservatives.

The debate marked a particular opportunity for Paul – who did not qualify for the recent Fox Business Network debate but returned to the prime-time stage Thursday after making the cut this time.

""It's great to be back,"" Paul said Thursday.

Paul, despite struggling with low poll numbers, seemed to have plenty of supporters in the audience, as his responses drew applause from the crowd several times. He also took shots at both Cruz and Rubio on their records.

Echoing Cruz' criticism, he said Rubio made a deal with Democrats on immigration and suggested he was weak on border security.

At the same time, Paul suggested Cruz was being disingenuous by claiming he was never for ""amnesty."" He said Cruz has an ""authenticity problem.""

The debate Thursday, with 12.5 million viewers, was the second-highest rated telecast in Fox News’ history.

Also on stage Thursday night were retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Ohio Gov. John Kasich.

Carson’s standout moment seemed to come at the end of the debate, when he used his closing statement to recite the Preamble to the U.S. Constitution.

“Please think of our founding fathers as you listen,” Carson asked. After reading aloud the Preamble -- including its call for a “more perfect union” – he said, “Folks, it’s not too late. Enough said.”

The polls in the Hawkeye State show essentially a two-man race for first between Trump and Cruz in the final stretch. Rubio has been holding steady in third position, while Carson’s numbers have been on a downward course in recent weeks.

After Iowa, the candidates head to New Hampshire, where Trump also leads but several other candidates are jockeying for position behind him.",1
2279,Court Could Force Same-Sex Marriage on Every State - US - CBN News - Christian News 24-7 - CBN.com,"The latest version of Adobe Flash Player is required to watch this video. Please click on the link below to download the latest version. Thanks!

WASHINGTON -- On Tuesday, the U.S. Supreme Court hears Obergefell vs. Hodges, a combination of four cases concerning the matter of same-sex marriage.

The high court is dedicating two-and-a-half-hours to this monumental case, not the usual one hour.

""The only thing before the Supreme Court is will they force all states to have same-sex marriage?"" Regent University law professor Brad Jacob told CBN News.

The stakes couldn't be higher, with the high court possibly determining the very nature of marriage.

CBN News' Paul Strand shows us the sometimes unique sights one sees when thousands of same-sex marriage advocates and traditional marriage advocates fill the Supreme Court Plaza at the same time. Watch below:

Jacob said gays and their allies see marriage as an institution that brings with it certain, exclusive benefits.

""And they look at that and say, 'It's just discrimination to not allow a couple that consist of two men or two women to have that same privilege of having that kind of relationship,'"" Jacob explained.

""The judges who say, 'This is just about admitting everybody to a relationship that already exists,' they're going to say, 'Yes, the states cannot deny that to people just because they're gay,'"" he said.

To hear audio of the arguments on same-sex marriage before the Supreme Court today click here. The case is Obergefell v. Hodges, questions one and two.

 

Traditional marriage advocates see it as the ages-old sanctioning and blessing of men and women uniting, producing children and giving them a mother and a father.

Ryan Anderson is a leading traditional marriage advocate with the Heritage Foundation said.

""The state's in the marriage business because the union of a man and a woman can produce a child. And a child deserves a mother and a father,"" he said.

""Marriage is not just two people making a commitment to love one another,"" Jacob said as he described the beliefs of traditional marriage advocates.

""It's an institution that's been around for millennia that involves a husband and a wife in a complementary way that can lead to the procreation of children and the core family unit as the building block for all of our society,"" he explained.

On the other hand, Anderson suggested, ""Same-sex marriage sends a signal that mothers and fathers are interchangeable, and therefore mothers and fathers are replaceable.  It'll be very hard to say that fathers are essential if the law has redefined marriage to say fathers are optional.""

Do the People Rule or Judges?

Another huge issue: Should citizens and the states decide this most fundamental matter or federal courts?

""The Supreme Court case is going to determine whether or not citizens or judges get to define what marriage is in the 50 states,"" Anderson explained.

Jacob stated, ""Traditionally, family law including marriage has been state law. It's been primarily something that states controlled in their sovereignty.""

Cathy Ruse, of the Family Research Council, added, ""And the law in this case is clear: states have always had authority to make marriage policy decisions. So the question before the justices is, 'Do we now take that away from states?'""

""So this is a really big constitutional question concerning the powers of the federal government and the state government,"" Jacob explained.

Anderson stated, ""Historically, the citizens and our elected representatives got to make marriage policy. Now we have the chance that nine unelected judges are going to redefine marriage for the entire country.""

But one thing this case is not about is the Supreme Court banning gay marriage.  Even if the court rules it should be left up to the states, it's already legal in 37 of them - in some cases because judges ordered it.

""There's no outcome of this case that would make gay marriage go away,"" Jacob said. And if the justices rule the states should decide on same-sex marriage themselves, he added, ""states will continue to consider it.  Some states will adopt it.  At least for the present, some states won't.""

'Let the Labs of Democracy Do Their Work'

""The Supreme Court shouldn't cut it short,"" Anderson advocated.  ""We should let the discussion continue, let the laboratories of democracy do their work.  We don't need the Supreme Court settling it 'once and for all' for all 50 states.""

That's what the court thought it did with Roe v Wade. But 42 years later, abortion still fiercely divides the nation.

Ruse suggested, ""It will, just like Roe, be a social experiment conducted - really untested, unresearched - on the entire country.  The social implications of this case are so reminiscent of Roe v Wade.""

""The Supreme Court said they were going to solve the abortion issue 42 years ago in Roe v Wade.  There is no issue less settled in American public life than abortion,"" Anderson suggested.

""And every four years at election time, we have a giant culture war over this,"" he continued.  Look at Europe:  Europe has much more commonsense, compromise positions on abortion because they solve it democratically.""

""Our court cut short the democratic process on abortion, and that's why our politics are so polarized. Why would they want to do it again on the marriage issue?"" Anderson asked.

Critics of same-sex marriage warn that legalizing it means that one harmful effect will be on religious liberty, something that's already been seen with government bludgeoning believers at businesses that refuse to back gay marriages.

""As society redefines marriage, it then starts to violate religious liberty rights,"" Anderson explained.

""Christian-run adoption agencies have been shut down because they wanted to find homes for orphans with married moms and dads, and the government said 'that's discrimination,' he continued.

""We've seen bakers, florists and photographers who have no problem serving gay and lesbian customers, who only object to helping to celebrate a same-sex wedding - they've been harassed by the government;  they've been penalized by the government, coerced by the government,"" Anderson said.

Rarely does a country come to a moment like this where the course of a nation, a society, a culture is all hanging on two-and-a-half-hours in a courtroom.",1
2993,"Intel chief ‘absolutely’ forgot about NSA data sweep program, attorney says","The National Security Agency's massive data collection program has prompted lawsuits, internal reviews and a fierce congressional debate over whether to scrap it.

But Director of National Intelligence James Clapper apparently forgot the program even existed during a key hearing two years ago.

Robert Litt, the DNI's general counsel, revealed the major memory lapse during a panel discussion Friday hosted by the Advisory Committee on Transparency. He was offering an explanation as to why, in a now-infamous exchange several months before Ed Snowden-leaked materials surfaced on the NSA program, Clapper told a Senate committee that the government does not ""wittingly"" sweep up information on millions of Americans.

He wasn't lying, Litt said. Rather, ""It was perfectly clear that he had absolutely forgotten the existence of the 215 program.""

The claim may be startling for the lawmakers, civil liberties advocates and transparency groups who have debated the program intensely since it was revealed in a series of media reports in mid-2013.

The 215 program allows the NSA to collect so-called ""metadata"" on phone calls -- including the number called and the date and time of the call -- then stores it in a database that it queries using phone numbers associated with terrorists overseas. Officials say they don't use the information for any other purpose, and that the legal powers that enable the program are essential to the hunt for terrorists. Opponents say the seizure and search of telephone company records violates Americans' expectations of privacy under the Fourth Amendment.

Clapper's early 2013 testimony created a congressional controversy after the Snowden revelations showed the NSA was gathering data on Americans.

At the hearing, Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden asked Clapper whether the NSA ""collects any type of data at all"" on millions of Americans.

Clapper told Wyden: ""No sir, it does not."" Asked for clarification, he said ""not wittingly.""

Clapper later apologized, sending a letter to the Senate Intelligence Committee admitting his answer was ""clearly erroneous."" He said that he ""simply didn't think"" of Section 215 of the Patriot Act, and was thinking of a different provision of a different law.

Litt offered more details on Friday of what happened behind the scenes of that hearing. He said they were only notified the day before that Wyden would ask that question.

""The DNI did not get a chance to review it,"" Litt said. ""He was hit unaware by the question.""

Litt, whose comments were first reported in The Hill, said it was not ""an untruth or a falsehood"" on Clapper's part. ""This was just a mistake on his part. We all make mistakes,"" he said.

He said he realized Clapper forgot after personally telling him he had been wrong. He said Clapper was thinking about a separate program used to sweep up Internet information on foreigners. Litt said he should have corrected the mistake right away.

Litt's explanation comes as the courts and Congress debate the program anew.

A federal appeals court ruled Thursday that the bulk collection of Americans' phone records is illegal. The court all but pleaded for Congress to sharpen the boundaries between security and privacy rights.

Meanwhile, lawmakers are weighing the renewal of the USA Patriot Act, including data collection provisions. The House is slated to vote next week on a bill to reauthorize the law while also ending the government's dragnet collection of records.

But Senate leaders, including Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C., the chairman of the Intelligence Committee, have spoken forcefully for a competing measure to reauthorize the law as-is.

Across Congress, the political divisions cut along complex lines. Libertarian-leaning Republicans like Sen. Ted. Cruz and Sen. Rand Paul are aligned with many liberal Democrats, insisting that a secret intelligence agency should not be storing the records of every American phone call. But other Democrats and Republicans say the program is needed now more than ever given the Islamic State group's determination to inspire terrorist attacks on American soil.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3839,White House brings lawmakers into Situation Room on Iran,"Washington (CNN) Part of the aggressive outreach to convince Democrats to support the deal with Iran included a briefing Thursday for 15 American Jewish members of the House of Representatives in the Situation Room at the White House. The meeting was the latest in a series of briefings for these members at the White House.

""People felt that the Administration is intent on very seriously addressing the concerns of the Jewish members, which many of them centered around Israel and the security of Israel,"" Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-Illinois) said after the session.

Schakowsky told reporters she believed there were enough Democrats supporting the deal to help the White House overcome Republican opposition to the agreement.

""I haven't heard anyone say 'oh I learned something that has made it impossible for me now to sustain a presidential veto,'"" Schakowsky said.

Rep. Steve Israel (D-New York) told reporters on Capitol Hill he was still undecided and planned to take the full 60 days allowed for Congress to review the deal to make up his mind on it.

The New York congressman, a member of the Democratic leadership, said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi's endorsement of the deal was ""very influential -- there's no question. Leader Pelosi is the most influential member of our caucus.""

On the back-to-back presentations from Vice President Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton to House Democrats, Israel said ""that's a pretty damn good one two punch.""

New York Democratic Rep Jerry Nadler told CNN he remains undecided on the agreement, but he said the meeting with Rhodes helped provide additional information as he reviews the details.

Nadler said one Democrat expressed concerns in the session about the future capability, in roughly 15 years, for Iran to potentially develop a nuclear weapon. Rhodes pointed to restrictions in several areas of deal that would expose any efforts to do this and provide penalties.

Asked about a pledge by the Administration to provide weapons to Israel to address concerns about a military threat from Iran, Schakowsky said there was no detailed briefing on any arms, but ""the assurances were that the United States was definitely prepared to assure the security of Israel and do what was necessary to make that happen.""

One member who requested anonymity told CNN the session was ""very helpful"" in clarifying various questions, including ones about sanctions relief, access by the International Atomic Energy Agency for inspections and why the U.S. ended up supporting an eventual relaxation in the embargo on the ability of Iran to buy conventional weapons and ballistic missiles. The administration officials emphasized there was going to be 24-7 monitoring at known nuclear facilities and the different process for others.

""Some of the concerns that people had were addressed, but there are still lots of questions,"" said the member.

Rhodes, according to Nadler, told the group there would be American officials dispatched to Israel and other Arab allies in the region to discuss what military capabilities they might need after reviewing the deal. Defense Secretary Ash Carter leaves for Israel and other countries in the region this weekend.

Both Schakowsky and Israel told CNN so far their offices have not gotten a large number of calls from Jewish constituents urging them to block the deal.

As part of its aggressive outreach to build support for the Iran deal, several key administration officials earlier this week held a conference call with American Jewish leaders.

Two participants told CNN there were some pointed questions in the call but said was not hostile.

Among the officials on the call were Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken and U.S. Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro.

Among the areas participants pushed the administration on during the call were whether there were holes in the access for inspections, concerns Iran would use money from sanctions relief for de-stabilizing activities and is Iran really going to be forced to divulge information about its past activities according to one of the participants who is deeply concerned about the agreement. The source said the officials defended the amount of access for inspections and told the leaders Iran will face pressure to use the money from sanctions relief for internal needs.

During the call the administration officials said Israel will not be more in danger and emphasized how Carter will be going there next week and will talk to the government about ways to bolster it.

Several major American Jewish organizations oppose the deal, including the influential American Israeli Public Affairs Committee which said the ""proposed deal with Iran fails to verifiably eliminate every Iranian pathway to a nuclear weapons. On Thursday it posted a petition online urging its members to weigh in: ""Unfortunately, the proposed agreement is fundamentally flawed...Urge your senators and representatives to oppose the agreement.""

The Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of American and the Rabbinical Council of America are among a number of groups organizing a rally next week in New York against the deal. ""The inspections regime is insufficient to ensure Iran cannot cheat and surreptitiously develop nuclear weapons, despite President Obama's promise that the deal would be subject to the toughest verification and inspections in the world,"" they said in a statement outlining of their key reasons for coming out against it.

The White House got a more supportive response from the left-leaning J Street group. ""Following our own review of the agreement, we expect to call on Congress to support the deal as the best -- if not only -- means of ensuring that Iran does not develop nuclear weapons.""",1
4227,A close Wisconsin primary could spell future trouble for Clinton,"There was a danger sign for Hillary Clinton in a dank old industrial warehouse here along the Milwaukee River. The cinder-block walls had been painted over with modernist murals bearing the likeness of Bernie Sanders. This was now a campaign field office. And the volunteers, young and old, who manned a phone bank Thursday afternoon vowed never to give up their time — or, for some, even their votes — to Clinton.

Would Teresa VanDoorn, 44, a homemaker who had become a familiar face at the Sanders office, support Clinton if she became the Democratic presidential nominee?

“No,” VanDoorn said. “Voting for Hillary would be approving of the status quo and establishment — and I don’t approve of that. I would write Bernie’s name in. I consider Hillary equal to the GOP candidates, to be frank.”

What about Lily Shea, 19, who has been helping Sanders ahead of Tuesday’s Wisconsin primary? “No, I would write Bernie in — definitely,” she said. “I just don’t trust her. Whenever I hear her talk, I get the feeling there’s something else going on behind the curtains.”

Then there was Patrick Doyle, 55, a Sanders true believer. Asked if he could shift his allegiance to Clinton, Doyle paused to think, then said flatly, “I’m going to do everything I can to make sure that doesn’t happen.”

Clinton is well on her way to the nomination. But Wisconsin — a fall battleground with a celebrated tradition of progressive activism and political reform — represents a phenomenon that could undermine her in the general election: She has yet to energize some parts of the liberal base or even persuade them to be comfortable with her candidacy.

Whether she prevails in Wisconsin’s primary or, as polls suggest is more likely, Sanders edges her here, Clinton would maintain her sizable delegate lead. To overtake her, Sanders would need blowout wins in many of the states still to vote, including New York, Pennsylvania and California.

General election polling indicates Clinton would easily defeat Republican front-runner Donald Trump in Wisconsin and other swing states. The data also suggests that the majority of Sanders supporters would vote for Clinton.

[Sanders sharpens attacks for a New York showdown with Clinton]

Yet among Sanders’s most fervent backers — the committed liberal activists who would be necessary in any grass-roots effort in a general election and whose votes could be decisive if the race tightens — there is a strong distaste for Clinton. To them, she represents the ­moneyed, special-interest politics they have been fighting against.

Actress Susan Sarandon, a Sanders surrogate, gave voice to this view when she said on MSNBC a few days ago that she would consider sitting out the election if Clinton is the nominee and that a Trump presidency, in the minds of some Sanders fans, might bring about a more immediate “revolution.” Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver later distanced the campaign from Sarandon’s comments and said Sanders would support the Democratic nominee.

This hostility has stirred hard feelings in the Clinton orbit. At Clinton’s Milwaukee field office on Thursday, Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.) gave a pep talk to volunteers in which he testified to the former secretary of state’s competence, resiliency, tenacity and grit.

As Booker wrapped up, Winifred Thrall, a 78-year-old Clinton backer, cried out, “Cory! I wish that Susan Sarandon could have heard you.”

In an interview later, Thrall bemoaned that so many Wisconsin progressives are backing a candidate, Sanders, who in her view “has no experience — nothing but calling for a revolution in the streets.”

“It’s so upsetting,” Thrall said. “I have an old friend — we worked on McCarthy and McGovern together, in Appleton, Wisconsin — and I can’t talk to her anymore because of her support of Bernie.”

[For Clinton, a double-barreled fight against Trump and Sanders in N.Y.]

Wisconsin’s primary is important because, in many respects, the state is a microcosm of the Democratic Party nationally and has an unusually engaged electorate.

“We’ve got industrial, urban, rural, small towns, colleges, high tech — it’s all here,” said Democratic former governor Jim Doyle, a Clinton supporter. “Eight years ago, it was a big deal when [Barack] Obama came in and beat Hillary Clinton badly here.”

Tad Devine, Sanders’s chief strategist, said Wisconsin is “a great proxy for a candidate’s strength in the general election. This is a state that Democrats must have.”

The primary is competitive. This week’s Marquette Law School survey, considered the state’s gold standard, had Sanders leading 49 percent to 45 percent. The poll shows that Sanders is leading 57 percent to 37 percent among self-identified independents — part of an alarming national trend for Clinton of being unpopular with unaffiliated voters who can help swing general elections.

“It will be critical for the nominee to be able to win substantially among people who lean Democratic and younger voters, and it does leave the question of whether, absent Bernie Sanders, could Hillary Clinton really rack up large margins,” said Charles Franklin, a professor who oversees the Marquette Law poll.

Joe Zepecki, a Wisconsin-based communications consultant who is not working for either campaign, said independent ­voters pose a big challenge for Clinton. “I don’t think they’re going to waltz right over,” he said.

Sanders has an enthusiastic base in liberal Dane County, home to the University of Wisconsin at Madison, and he also has found support in rural farming areas and manufacturing towns. He is trying to tap into the state’s tradition of political reform; one of his ads features a dairy farmer from his home state of Vermont testifying to Sanders’s independence from special interests.

Barbara Lawton, a former lieutenant governor who backed Clinton in 2008 and is supporting Sanders now, said the Wisconsin electorate is “deeply unsettled” — in part because of now-chronic wage stagnation. She said there was a “tone deafness” to Clinton’s campaign, given her ties to Wall Street and support for trade deals, that prevents her candidacy from resonating more with progressive Democrats.

“We’re really looking for someone who you can trust,” Lawton said. “There’s such a longing for the truth.”

Much of Clinton’s support is concentrated in the largest city, Milwaukee, which has a sizable black population, and suburban areas. Booker, the Senate’s only black Democrat, spent Thursday trying to energize Clinton supporters in this city’s neighborhoods.

“What happens in this primary in just a few days is going to affect the trajectory of this campaign. It’s going to affect the spirit of what’s to come,” Booker told a few dozen volunteers at Clinton’s storefront office on Dr. Martin Luther King Drive.

Both candidates have been advertising here and are fanning out across the state this weekend. The Clinton campaign is trying to maximize her performance in targeted congressional districts to ensure that, even if Sanders wins statewide, the two will roughly split Wisconsin’s 86 pledged delegates.

“What we’re seeing this year is so classic: There’s the establishment candidate and the liberal challenger,” Doyle said. “There’s a long history of progressive, liberal candidates making their last stands here.”

Clinton allies rejected any suggestion that a loss to Sanders in Wisconsin would reveal weaknesses that could haunt her in a general election.

“The word ‘weakness’ deters any kind of response from me as it relates to Hillary. There are no weaknesses,” said Martha Love, a longtime African American leader from Milwaukee and a member of the Democratic National Committee. “Our state will fall in line behind the Democratic candidate because the other side — my gosh, my gosh, my gosh, my gosh.”

Matt Flynn, a former state party chairman and a Clinton booster, echoed that view: “If she loses Wisconsin and people are lackluster and aren’t showing any passion about her, does it mean she’ll struggle in the general election? No, because she is running against two of the biggest freaks in the history of American politics: Trump and [Sen. Ted] Cruz.”

At Clinton’s Milwaukee office, volunteers said they were not worried about Sanders backers eventually joining their effort. Some said it may not take any persuasion at all.

Jill Huennekens, 46, a bartender who called Clinton “my hero,” said she has been making phone calls on Clinton’s behalf for months.

“Truthfully, I can’t remember one that’s been Bernie or bust,” she said. “They tell me that they will support Hillary in November, even if they want Bernie in the primary. They say it even without my asking — ‘Don’t worry, she has our support in November.’ ”

Catherine Wolfe, 59, another Clinton volunteer, said the message she tells fellow Democrats is simple: “For those people looking for a ‘revolution,’ all they have to do is vote for a woman, and we’ll have a revolution.”",1
2799,"Afghan officials say Mullah Omar, Taliban leader, may be dead","The reclusive leader of the Taliban hasn't been seen in public for more than a decade. The group is engaged in peace talks with the Afghan government.

Syed Zafar Hashemi, a deputy spokesman for Afghanistan President Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, speaks during a news conference in Kabul, Afghanistan, July 29, 2015. The Afghan government is investigating reports that Mullah Omar, leader of the Afghan Taliban, may be dead, a spokesman for the president's office said on Wednesday.

Mullah Omar of Afghanistan's Taliban regime is shown in this undated photo. Afghan officials are working to confirm reports that the Taliban leader may be dead.

Afghan officials are working to confirm reports that Taliban leader Mullah Omar is dead, just ahead of a new round of peace talks in Pakistan between the Afghan government and the Taliban.

At a last-minute press conference, Zafar Hashemi, a deputy spokesman for the president, said that they were “aware of the reports of the passing of Mullah Omar, the Taliban leader. We are still in the process of checking those reports,” according to the Associated Press.

The BBC says that ""top sources within the Afghan administration and intelligence agency"" had made the claims. The Taliban haven't yet commented on the reports.

Mullah Omar hasn’t been seen in public for years, and rumors of his death periodically crop up. An Afghan official told The Wall Street Journal that Kabul was informed of his death by Pakistan two years ago. A Pakistani official told AP that this latest report is “'speculation' designed to disrupt peace talks.”

The Taliban reportedly are divided over the talks, with some wanting to continue the insurgency they have been waging since the US came in 2001.

""Whether he is dead or alive is important because he is the collective figure for the Taliban,"" said a Western diplomat with connections to the Taliban leadership. ""If he is dead, it would be much more difficult to get negotiations with the Taliban because there would be no collective figure to rally around and take collective responsibility for entering peace talks.""

The peace talks come as the Taliban are struggling to hold on to their fighters, some of whom are attracted to the high-profile success of the so-called Islamic State. The Taliban have staged a series of “audacious attacks” to try and stave off defections, The Christian Science Monitor reported last month after a suicide attack in Kabul.

With its new activity, the Taliban is out to show restless commanders and fighters, as well as the Afghan people, that it remains a force to be reckoned with. … “ISIS is now seen as the winning horse in the race. It has imposed itself as the most powerful subversive Islamist movement – one that has been tremendously successful at accomplishing what it set out to do – and that is posing a serious challenge to other militant Islamist organizations from the Taliban to Hamas,” says Fawaz Gerges, a professor of contemporary Middle Eastern studies at the London School of Economics and Political Science.

Last month Mullah Omar supposedly wrote a message backing the peace talks, but because the text posted on the Taliban website did not include any audio or video, it fueled rumors of his death, according to the BBC.

The assumption that he is dead helped drive several Taliban leaders to defect to IS, according to the BBC. And any confirmation of his death could spur more defections, particularly among those opposed to peace talks with the Afghan government.

Mullah Omar came to power after the Taliban emerged as the strongest force in the civil war that followed the pullout of Soviet forces. He later allied with Osama bin Laden, which put the Taliban in the crosshairs of the US after the 9/11 attacks. He has barely been heard from since then and has a $10 million bounty on his head.

The Taliban are not the only organization struggling to prove their continued relevance. The surging power and influence of IS has also sidelined Al Qaeda, which is trying to stem a wave of defections.",1
515,House GOP Faces Test On Budget Priorities,"WASHINGTON -- House Republicans are hoping they can bring deficit hawks and defense hawks together this week to support a budget -- and avoid an embarrassment if the conference fails to present a unified front on its priorities for the country.

They expect to pull off getting a budget through, thanks to an unusual move to vote on two plans and reluctant promises from some fiscal conservatives to support a budget that would increase spending by adding money for defense.

""It doesn't do any good to be financially responsible if you're dead, so I'm going to vote for it and protect national security,"" Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.) told reporters Tuesday after a House GOP conference meeting.

The House is set to vote Wednesday on budgets for the government that would significantly cut domestic spending through measures such as ending Obamacare and slashing welfare programs. Budgets are more a partisan statement of priorities than legislation to appropriate funding, so being unable to cobble together the number of Republicans needed to pass one would be yet another hurdle in a string of difficulties getting the various factions of the conference to agree. At odds are defense hawks, who say the budget must provide more funding for the military, and fiscal conservatives, who consider deficit cuts to be the top priority.

To resolve the problem, the House will hold votes on two bills: the budget that passed through the Budget Committee last week from Chairman Tom Price (R-Ga.), which some conservatives said did not provide enough military funding, and one that adds even more funding to the Overseas Contingency Operation fund. Adding defense money through this fund allows the GOP to avoid violating spending caps created in 2011, although some deficit hawks consider it a gimmick.

""It's going to be a very important moment for our conference. ... I think you're going to see a very unified House Republican conference on the floor Wednesday,"" Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) said at a press conference.

Some fiscal conservatives may be willing to support the budget, even with additional defense spending that it has offset, because it would bring them closer to a vote to end Obamacare through a process called reconciliation. That would allow Republicans to pass a bill that could actually get to the president, rather than being blocked by Democrats in the Senate.

""I campaigned when I came back here with my heart and soul to get rid of Obamacare, and it's the one shot that we've got to get something on his desk,"" Rep. Matt Salmon (R-Ariz.) told reporters.

That's not to say everyone is supportive of the bill with extra Overseas Contingency Operations funds. Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.) said he is against the version that further boosts military funding, but thinks it will pass because of the overwhelming support from defense hawks.

""If the OCO number ends up on his desk, the president is most likely going to look at it and say, 'Well, that’s great, but where’s my money, where’s my money for the stuff I want and don’t bother me about paying for it, Republicans, because you didn’t pay for the stuff you want so I don’t have to pay for the stuff I want.' And we are to end right back up in this deficit cycle.""

The Senate is moving on the budget this week as well, and faces a similar conflict over whether more defense funding is needed. The Budget Committee voted last week to increase funding for the military, but it could be difficult for the extra funding defense hawks have demanded to get past a procedural hurdle on the Senate floor.",1
2249,The GOP’s ludicrous Kim Davis primary: How raging homophobia took the Republican campaign by storm,"I hasten to underscore that I vigorously disagree with Graham on a wide range of issues, especially his interventionist posture on Iraq and the broader Middle East. Although from what I’ve witnessed, especially throughout the Republican nominating process, Graham has comported himself at least as a man of integrity. Not for nothing, but he appears on the surface to be a nice enough guy — at least compared with his GOP colleagues who mostly drive one to violent profanity-strewn outbursts.

This week’s big story is the saga of a Rowan County, KY, clerk Kim Davis, who was jailed indefinitely Thursday by U.S. District Judge David Bunning for refusing to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples in compliance with an earlier court order. Davis will remain in federal custody until she agrees to issue the appropriate licenses. Last month, meanwhile, a Texas clerk named Katie Lang was hit with a court settlement to the tune of $44,000 in damages and legal fees for refusing to issue a license for a gay couple. But it clearly wasn’t punitive enough to scare Davis who’s clearly acting in contempt of Judge Bunning’s order.

Davis believes that by issuing the licenses she’ll be condemned to Hell. Of course her perceived biblical trespass is ridiculously cherrypicked, as it always is. Homophobes like Davis seem to only zero-in on Leviticus and a few letters written by the apostle Paul. (Regarding the latter, and briefly put, Paul was merely recruiting pagan gentiles to the ascetic Christian lifestyle. Paganism often included sex acts in temple rituals, so naturally converts would have to reject those old forms of worship. Paul, by the way, in Romans, also expressly forbid debating, boasting, deception, being unmerciful and wine-drinking. That’d be a quintuple Hell-worthy condemnation for John Boehner. It’s also worth noting that the terms “homosexuality” and “same-sex marriage” were anachronistic in the ancient world, making it impossible for the Bible to explicitly condemn either.)

Incidentally, it’s come to light that Davis has been divorced three times and married four. So much for the sanctity of marriage. And in the various video clips and photos of Davis, she’s clearly wearing two types of cloth at the same time, which is a direct violation of God’s decree in Leviticus 19:19.

The bottom line here is that Davis works in the public sector and therefore is forbidden by the establishment clause of the First Amendment from imposing her (blindingly contradictory) faith on the public. Naturally, she’s also acting in defiance of the Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell v. Hodges. My cynical side tells me there’s more to Davis’ motives. She’s already been lionized by the bigoted far-right, with at least two GOP presidential candidates rushing to her support, so it’s not unfair to speculate that she’s gripped by the lure of national attention.

To wit: Mike Huckabee personally called Davis to offer his encouragement and, naturally, his prayers. Meanwhile, Rand Paul said that Davis’ actions are indicative of the “American way.” Paul went on to say:

“I think one way to get around the whole idea of what the Supreme Court is forcing on the states is for states just to get out of the business of giving out licenses,” Paul said. “Alabama has already voted to do this, they’re just no longer going to give out licenses. And anybody can make a contract. And then if you want a marriage contract you go to a church. And so I’ve often said we could have gotten around all of this also in the sense that I do believe everybody has a right to a contract.” This is bizarre given how Paul is one of the most vocal supporters of states’ rights — letting the states take control of nearly everything. Then again, he’s such a notorious flip-flopper that he makes Mitt Romney look like a steadfast pillar of unwavering integrity. Speaking of which, let’s return to integrity. A third presidential candidate, Lindsey Graham, also weighed in on the Davis story, but not in the way you’d expect from a conservative Republican. It turns out Graham said exactly what any sane, rational human being might say. “As a public official, comply with the law or resign,” Graham told clerk Kim Davis […] “The rule of law is the rule of law,” Graham said. “We are a rule of law nation. And I appreciate her conviction, and I support traditional marriage, but she’s accepted a job where she has to apply the law to everyone and that’s her choice.” Okay, that was precisely the correct reaction to the story. (Except, of course, the thing about supporting traditional marriage, but nobody’s perfect.) What’s more noteworthy, however, is that Graham said this in total defiance of both his party and his congressional delegation, each of which routinely scrambles over itself to pander as much if not more to anti-gay Americans as it does to racists and sexists. Additionally, Graham had the guts to say it to one of the top-shelf nationally syndicated conservative radio hosts, Hugh Hewitt. The liberal equivalent might’ve been, for example, Elizabeth Warren hypothetically defending the NRA on “Real Time with Bill Maher. No wonder Graham is losing badly in a GOP presidential field populated by goofballs, racists and over-paid comment trolls. While he’s not going to win any popularity polls on the left, there are two things any liberal ought to be able to say about Graham: (1) He obviously possesses at least a modicum of integrity that’s unmatched by the majority of his colleagues; and (2) he appears to be one of the few remaining national politicians who, at least in the here and now, hasn’t sold out to the inchoate screeching and personality politics of the Tea Party and Fox News Channel. And that’s a real accomplishment, given the strong incentives in the other direction. In the blurting culture of Trump-era politics we need more leaders like Graham who are willing to take the rational high-road rather than dutifully falling in line with the fire-eaters, extremists and carnival geeks of his party.",1
3013,2016: The year conventional political wisdom was turned upside down,"Shred the political playbook. The 2016 campaign will be remembered as the year in which the conventional wisdom was anything but wise. Most political pundits have been wrong. And almost every assumption about presidential campaigns since the birth of modern politics in 1960, with the first televised debate and widespread use of TV advertising, has been debunked. Our political catechism has been upended. Consider the following:

When the Supreme Court ruled in the 2010 Citizens United case that corporations were people and therefore could spend unlimited amounts of money – without disclosure, in some instances – on political campaigns, Democrats and other critics warned that democracy was now for sale and that the candidate who raised the most money would invariably prevail over less well-funded contenders. Enter Jeb Bush, the Republican Party’s “inevitable” nominee, who raised over $130 million for his campaign and Super Pac even before he formally declared. Eight months later, exit Jeb!, the “low-energy” candidate who, having spent the vast majority of the money he had raised, quit the race, dragging his exclamation point behind him. Donald Trump, by contrast, may be wealthy – just how rich remains in dispute – but he has spent less overall than any other candidate and, because of the nonstop coverage his slurs and antics have received, virtually nothing on TV advertising.

Ted Cruz was supposed to win all the early GOP contests because of his heavy investment in his “ground game.” But, with the exception of Iowa – which he first visited in 2008, only months after being elected a first-term senator from Texas – organization, like money, has meant little this year. Cruz won Iowa thanks to a large evangelical turnout after Trump skipped what turned out to be a critical debate days before the nation’s first caucus, but he has steadily faded ever since. Polls suggest that Trump won in Nevada, New Hampshire and South Carolina with the most modest of campaign ground organizations because of his powerful slogan of American revitalization; because he is seen as a consummate political outsider, a blunt businessman who says what ordinary people think, a problem-solver and anti-politician; and because of his celebrity status and tempestuous rallies, complete with the by now almost ritualistic ejection of a protester. While Trump has repeatedly flown to primary states in his private jet, he rarely spends a night outside his baronial residence on Fifth Avenue.

Apparently not this year. Almost no establishment politician endorsed Trump during the first two primaries. The only other celebrity politician who rallied to Trump’s side was Sarah Palin, whose rambling, incoherent 45-minute endorsement prior to the Iowa caucus, if anything, may have cost him votes there. Marco Rubio, the candidate who has garnered the most endorsements, has yet to win a primary and is unlikely to do so, despite his growing support from a still reeling Republican “establishment.”

4. You can’t run against the media.

Trump has mocked this political platitude, repeatedly. If anything, one of the bumptious billionaire’s most reliable applause lines is his frequent declaration that the media are “terrible,” “among the most dishonest groups of people” he’s ever met. Apparently his rivals have gotten the message. During the debate in Houston last Thursday, every candidate except John Kasich, who is running a poor fifth except in his home state of Ohio, attacked the press.

Quite the contrary. In 2016, given America’s deep political polarization, no candidate seems able to win without high negatives. The nation’s bitter frustration seems to require candidates to make increasingly stark, even extreme, appeals. The GOP field has no shortage of candidates with high positive ratings, especially Ben Carson and Marco Rubio, neither of whom has carried a single state primary or caucus. On the Democratic side, Bernie Sanders has far higher favorability ratings than Hillary Clinton, who in poll after poll is widely viewed by potential voters of most ages, ethnicities and genders as “untrustworthy” and perhaps even “dishonest.” Yet Clinton got 73.5 percent of the Democratic vote in South Carolina on Saturday.

Many Trump critics continue to assert that he will ultimately stumble, because no candidate can win his party’s nomination or be elected to the nation’s highest office without substantial  political experience. While the 2008 election of a junior senator from Illinois whose resume featured only a brief stint as a community organizer began to challenge that political bromide, the crucial primaries on March 1 and March 15 will be the ultimate referee.

Given the pundits’ predictive record so far, a degree of humility is in order. Trump, once the “unthinkable,” may soon become “inevitable.” For better or worse, the 2016 race is anything but politics as usual.

Judith Miller, a Fox News contributor, is an award-winning writer and author, and an adjunct fellow at the Manhattan Institute. The author of several books, her latest is ""The Story: A Reporter's Journey"" (Simon & Schuster, April 7, 2015) now available in paperback. Follow her on Twitter @JMFreeSpeech.



Douglas E. Schoen has served as a pollster for President Bill Clinton. He has more than 30 years experience as a pollster and political consultant. He is also a Fox News contributor and co-host of ""Fox News Insiders"" Sundays on Fox News Channel at 7 pm ET. He is the author of 13 books. His latest is ""Putin's Master Plan"" (Encounter Books, September 27, 2016). Follow Doug on Twitter @DouglasESchoen.",1
3388,State Department: No record of Clinton signing 'separation' form,"The State Department said Tuesday it has no record of Hillary Clinton signing a key form stating she turned over all official documents upon leaving the department -- a form that was the subject of intense speculation since the issue could determine whether she broke the law.

That document is known as a ""separation"" form, which officials are supposed to sign upon leaving the department. It certifies that the person who signs it has turned over all ""classified or administratively controlled"" materials, as well as all ""unclassified documents and papers"" relating to official government business.

Given that Clinton exclusively used personal email while secretary of state and didn't turn over official records until late last year, a former Justice Department official said last week that if Clinton signed that form, she probably gave a false statement and broke the law.

But on Tuesday, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters they are ""fairly certain she did not"" sign it.

""We have reviewed Secretary Clinton's official personnel file and administrative files and do not have any record of her signing the OF109 [form],"" Psaki said.

This admission comes after the department for days was unable to answer questions about whether Clinton signed the form.

It also raises questions about whether Clinton, by not signing it, at least violated department policy.

Psaki claimed Clinton did not violate any policy. Further, she said Tuesday that neither of Clinton's two immediate predecessors, Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice, signed such a statement either.

She also said that different bureaus within the department had different rules relating to such statements that had the effect of making their completion optional by some employees.

Shannen Coffin, a senior lawyer under the George W. Bush administration, first cited the form OF109 in questioning whether Clinton committed a violation by exclusively using personal email as secretary of state, and then not turning over those emails deemed work-related until after leaving the department.

If she indeed signed the document, he told Fox News last week, ""there's no question [she broke the law].""

And if Clinton did not sign that document, he added, ""why not?""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4655,"Conway touts Trump's 'drain the swamp' message, admits 'we are behind'","""We are behind. She has some advantages,"" Kellyanne Conway said on NBC's ""Meet the Press,"" adding that those advantages include that Clinton ""has a former president, happens to be her husband, campaigning for her; the current president and first lady, vice president -- all much more popular than she can hope to be. And she's seen as the incumbent.""

""He delivers his own speeches. This is his candidacy. He's the guy who's running for the White House, and he has the privilege to say what he wants,"" Conway told CNN's Jake Tapper on ""State of the Union"" Sunday.

""This lifetime ban on lobbying -- if you've worked in the White House, you can't lobby for foreign nations. That's sort of the big, ethical shower we're all going to need to take post-Hillary Clinton State Department,"" she said, touting portions of Trump's speech.

Trump also proposed a series of reforms that include term limits of six years for House and Senate members. That would've meant Trump running mate Mike Pence would've been term-limited out of office halfway through his 12-year tenure representing Indiana. ""He was definitely living in the swamp,"" Conway said of Pence, who led fiscal conservative fights like opposing the bank bailout pushed by his own party's President George W. Bush. ""Mike Pence would agree with Donald Trump on that: When you're there for too long, you need that fresh blood and new perspective,"" Conway said. ""I wish there were more members like Mike Pence. If there were, we wouldn't need to have the conversation."" Conway also attacked Clinton over her family foundation's acceptance of foreign contributions -- but Tapper pointed out that those details are public because the Clinton Foundation has published lists of its donors, while Trump hasn't released his tax returns. Tapper said: ""We have no idea what his ties are and where there might be moneyed interests and conflicts of interest because he won't disclose his tax returns."" Conway responded: ""Here's what we do know: We know that -- as he said yesterday in Gettysburg, Jake -- he used to be an insider. He's somebody who breathed rarefied air right up there with the Clintons and others, given his position, his power and his wealth and his great success as a businessman. And yet, that gives him the credibility and legitimacy to go and fight the system from the outside in. He knows how corrosive and corrupt it is.""",1
2776,Treasury will begin issuing Iran sanctions waivers under Obama order,"WASHINGTON — President Obama signed an order Sunday directing his administration to begin issuing waivers to Iran nuclear sanctions — but the waivers will only go into effect once Iran meets its obligations under the agreement limiting its nuclear program.

The presidential memorandum marks what's being called ""adoption day"" for the international agreement intended to roll back Iran's nuclear program. The milestone, four administration officials said, is a mere formality, driven more by the calendar than by any action by Iran.

""Today marks an important milestone toward preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and ensuring its nuclear program is exclusively peaceful going forward,"" Obama said in a White House statement released Sunday afternoon.

Obama directed Secretary of State John Kerry to issue the waivers and to ""take all appropriate additional measures to ensure the prompt and effective implementation of the U.S. commitments"" in the agreement.

Sunday marks 90 days since the United Nations Security Council approved the agreement. ""So adoption day is a calendar-driven event and it’s the day at which all the parties begin to take the steps they need to make sure they take to get to implementation day,"" said State Department spokesman John Kirby. ""And we’re not at implementation day; that’s a whole different purpose.""

No date is set for implementation day. Under the agreement, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, implementation will come only when the International Atomic Energy Agency certifies that Iran has lived up to its obligations to reduce its stockpiles of enriched uranium, dismantle two-thirds of its centrifuges, and halt construction of new nuclear facilities.

Western officials have said they expect that to take four to six months. Iran is motivated to act quickly, said one of the four senior administration officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity under ground rules set by the State Department.

The agreement, signed by the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, China, Germany and Iran, requires Obama and the European Union to direct the issuance of waivers on adoption day. Even though they won't go into effect for months, the arrangement allows businesses to know what sanctions are being waived, another senior administration official said.

""These next steps will allow us to reach the objectives we set out to achieve over the course of nearly two years of tough, principled diplomacy and will result in cutting off all four pathways Iran could use to develop enough fissile material for a nuclear weapon,"" Obama said. ""I am confident in the extraordinary benefits to our national security and the peace and security of the world that come with the successful implementation of the (plan of action).""

Most of the sanctions being lifted apply only to non-U.S. citizens and companies doing business with Iran. Most sanctions will still apply to U.S. citizens under separate sanctions imposed on Iran for its support of terrorism and human rights violations. But sales of civilian passenger aircraft and handicrafts — most notably carpets — will be allowed.

The sanctions against Iran are authorized by Congress but implemented via executive order. Obama can waive those executive orders after Democrats in the Senate filibustered a resolution that would have blocked the agreement last month.

But the the adoption day comes amid renewed tensions with Iran over its involvement in Syria's civil war and its Oct. 10 test launch of a ballistic missile — reportedly capably of carrying a nuclear warhead.

But as he has throughout the negotiation, Obama maintained Friday that those issues are separate from the more urgent need to ensure Iran does not develop a nuclear weapon.

""This is something that I made very clear during the debate around the Iran nuclear deal: The Iran nuclear deal solves a specific problem, which is making sure that they don't possess a nuclear weapon,"" he said after meeting with the South Korean president to discuss, among other things, North Korea's nuclear ambitions.

""It does not fully resolve the wide range of issues where we’ve got a big difference. And so we are going to have to continue to put pressure on them through the international community and, where we have bilateral channels, through bilateral channels to indicate to them that there are costs to bad behavior in the region and around the world,"" Obama said.

In Munich on Saturday, a top Iranian military official said Iran was eager to cooperate with the international inspectors and would implement the agreement with ""utmost prudence.""

""It will be the gateway to Iran's taking next steps and will demonstrate the level of sincerity in the settlement of the problems which were created unjustly by others,"" the secretary of the Supreme National Security Council, Ali Shamkhani, told Iran's state news agency.",1
340,2016 Race Collides With Baltimore Unrest,"With the fires out and much of the glass cleaned up in Baltimore, the ""soul searching"" as President Obama called it, has begun. For those hoping to become the next president of the United States, weighing in presents both an opportunity and a challenge.

Hillary Clinton told an audience in New York Wednesday, the criminal justice system is ""out of balance.""

She called for body cameras for every police department in America and the end of mass incarceration of low-level offenders.

""We have to come to terms with some hard truths about race and justice in America,"" said Clinton in a keynote speech at the 18th Annual David N. Dinkins Leadership and Public Policy Forum at Columbia University.

""There is something wrong when a third of all black men face the prospect of prison during their lifetimes and an estimated 1.5 million black men are quote 'missing' from their families and communities because of incarceration and premature death.""

The evening before, one-time Baltimore mayor and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley returned to that city and visited with people near where the rioting had taken place. Jason Horowitz of the New York Times was along for the ride:

As mayor, O'Malley subscribed to the ""broken windows"" theory of policing, which was very much in vogue at the time. As Horowitz tells it, O'Malley wasn't universally welcomed to the city he once led, but he also seemed undeterred.

""'Did you see all those boarded-up houses on your way out?' shouted a man who greeted him in front of the Arch Social Club ('Please Pardon Our Dust'), where volunteers made turkey sandwiches, handed out water and watched 'Bonanza.' 'I actually did,' Mr. O'Malley said. 'You plan on doing anything about that?' 'I got elevated to the same rank as you, I'm a citizen now,' Mr. O'Malley said, with a grin that he often wears as a shield. 'You made a lot of promises,' the man shouted. 'And I did the best that I could,' the former mayor said. 'In what community? Not in the black community!' A few seconds later and a couple yards closer to the intersection, a young man named Chris Dickens read to Mr. O'Malley a list of young black men who he said had been victims of police brutality. 'I've heard of them all,' Mr. O'Malley said. 'I think it's tragic and I think we all need to search for a deeper and better understanding. I'm getting crushed with cameras.'""

His not-yet-official campaign team put out a fact sheet outlining his work on matters of policing and criminal justice reform and proudly linked to the Times article as if to imply O'Malley wasn't afraid to mix it up with real people who might not tell him what he wants to hear.

Another potential presidential candidate, Ben Carson, lived in Baltimore for 30 years. He was a world-renowned neurosurgeon who worked at Johns Hopkins University. He wrote on Facebook that he urged ""parents, grandparents and guardians to please take control of your children and do not allow them to be exposed to the dangers of uncontrolled agitators on the streets.""

And Tuesday, he penned an op-ed for Time.

""When rioting and looting occurs in instances like this, I cannot help but think how important it is to get police involved early on in the community so that the first encounter a young person has with a police officer is not a hostile encounter. That is the type of thing that will make a huge difference in this country. The police have to acknowledge any shortcomings, and if there is unfairness, we need to look at it and improve upon that. Objectivity is the real answer. In order to get there, we have to be able to sit down at a table and have an intelligent conversation rather than getting to our respective corners and demonizing each other. We need to create relationships. Relationships are key to resolutions of problems.""

For Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, a Libertarian-leaning Republican, the situation in Baltimore presented an opportunity to highlight his bipartisan work on sentencing reform in the Senate. But a call to a conservative talk show host took the topic in a different direction.

""It's depressing. It's sad. It's scary,"" Paul told Laura Ingraham on her show Tuesday.

He joked that he was on a train that went through Baltimore on Monday evening, saying he was glad it didn't stop.

He then turned to the potential causes.

""The breakdown of the family structure. The lack of fathers,"" Paul told Ingraham. ""The lack of sort of a moral code in our society. And this isn't just a racial thing. It goes across racial boundaries. But we do have problems in our country. And you see this and you see that we are close to the tipping point and closer than many think.""

Sen. Ted Cruz on Tuesday called on the government ""ensure domestic security.""

""Today families are scared,"" Cruz wrote. ""Our government must perform its central functions and purposes: to preserve the peace, protect the people, and serve justice.""

An open question remains how long politicians will continue talking about these issues once the conflict recedes in Baltimore and the cable news cameras pack up and go home. President Obama, Tuesday, said more conflicts between police and the people they are supposed to protect, even more riots, would be inevitable without sustained attention and soul searching.

""If we really want to solve the problem, if our society really wanted to solve the problem, we could, it's just it would require everybody saying 'this is important, this is significant,'"" Obama said. ""And that we don't just pay attention to these communities when a CVS burns.""",1
359,"DoD teams surveying US military sites for potential Gitmo transfers, lawmakers vow fight","The Department of Defense notified lawmakers Friday that teams will visit two military installations in the United States — Fort Leavenworth in Kansas and the Naval Brig in Charleston, S.C. — to conduct “site surveys” looking into transferring a “limited number” of Guantanamo detainees, Pentagon and Capitol Hill sources told Fox News.

The move, coming on the same day Secretary of State John Kerry marked the re-opening of the U.S. Embassy in Cuba, has already triggered a backlash on Capitol Hill. But, despite existing congressional restrictions on moving the detainees to U.S. soil, the notice itself suggests officials are wasting no time exploring transfer options for those at the controversial Cuba prison camp.

One Capitol Hill source, reading from the notification, said the first Defense Department survey team was due to visit Fort Leavenworth “starting today [Friday].”

The Naval Brig in Charleston will be visited in the “next several weeks,” said another source, reading from the same notification, which went out Friday morning.

Legally, the administration is still barred from transferring Guantanamo detainees to the United States, according to laws passed by Congress starting in 2010. Building or modifying facilities to house Gitmo inmates is also prohibited in the United States.

“Perhaps DoD does not think this is part of that ‘build or modify’ section,” one source told Fox News, questioning DoD’s funding of the site survey teams visiting the two military installations.

After learning of the survey teams, lawmakers representing Kansas vowed to fight any proposed transfers to their state. Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., said in a statement that the move ""reflects another egregious overstep by this administration.""

""Congress has consistently stopped Obama by law from moving a single detainee to the U.S.,"" he said. ""Not on my watch will any terrorist be placed in Kansas.""

""Terrorists should not be living down the road from Ft. Leavenworth – home to thousands of Army soldiers and their families, as well as military personnel from across the globe who study at the Intellectual Center of the Army,"" Sen. Jerry Moran, R-Kan., said in a statement.

""This administration’s last-ditch effort to carry out President Obama’s reckless national security decision before he leaves office is disingenuous and flawed.""

Kansas Rep. Lynn Jenkins also fired off a letter to Defense Secretary Ash Carter demanding he abandon any such plans.

""At a time when we face relentless threats from the Islamic State, and have yet to hear a strategy to defeat ISIL, it is absurd to hear that the Department of Defense has personnel on the ground at Fort Leavenworth conducting site surveys to advance the President's proposal that could ultimately result in the transfer of these terrorist to Kansas,"" she said in a statement.

She also said moving detainees stateside would violate federal law. ""It is irresponsible, reckless, and to overstep the law to do so is a dangerous precedent,"" the congresswoman said.

Despite the congressional restrictions, President Obama still wants to fulfill his pledge to shutter the Cuba prison camp. He hasn’t yet provided a plan for achieving this to Congress. A total of 116 detainees remain at Guantanamo, 52 of whom have been approved for transfer.

The Pentagon confirmed to Fox News that DoD personnel will survey the two military sites, “as part of our broader and ongoing effort to identify locations within the United States that can [possibly] facilitate military commissions and can possibly hold detainees currently at Guantanamo Bay.”

Defense Department spokesman Cmdr. Gary Ross said in a statement that security and humane treatment are “primary concerns” but cost is also a factor. He said the costs of providing medical care at Guantanamo, for instance, are rising as the population ages.

He added: “Only those locations that can hold detainees at a maximum security level will be considered. DoD personnel will consider surveying a variety of military and civilian sites to determine their candidacy for holding law of war detainees in a humane and secure manner. There is a broad list of facilities that will be potentially considered. This list is informed by past assessment efforts.""

Whether the administration can reach an agreement with Congress to approve transfers to the U.S. remains to be seen.

The notice sent out Friday -- first reported by Voice of America -- said the teams will look at logistical issues: “The assessment team will meet with facility staff to discuss engineering, force protection, troop housing, security, transportation, information security, contracting and other operational issues.”

“No facilities have been selected,” the notification added.

Lucas Tomlinson is the Pentagon and State Department producer for Fox News Channel. You can follow him on Twitter: @LucasFoxNews",1
2733,"George Stephanopoulos, Brian Williams and the media’s sinking reputation","By failing to disclose his donations to the Clinton Foundation, George Stephanopoulos has damaged his credibility and tarnished his network.

But you know something? He’s got plenty of company.

What an awful couple of years it’s been for the news business, even by our already-tattered standards.

While ABC’s chief anchor has landed himself in a heap of trouble, this comes at a time when NBC’s chief anchor, Brian Williams, is serving a six-month suspension for fabricating an Iraq war tale and possibly embellishing other reporting exploits. And it comes weeks after Rolling Stone had to retract its horrifyingly irresponsible tale of a gang rape at the University of Virginia.

When these episodes erupt, critics carp about how this or that organization has suffered a grievous blow. What’s often missed is that all of us who practice journalism suffer as well, that it reinforces public doubts about whether the business is riddled with bias and conflicts of interest.

This was true back when Janet Cooke committed her fraud at the Washington Post. It was true when Stephen Glass was making up a bunch of articles at the New Republic. It was true when I exposed the serial fabrications of Jayson Blair at the New York Times and Jack Kelley at USA Today. It was true when CBS had to retract Lara Logan’s “60 Minutes” story on Benghazi. And it’s true every time there’s a new instance of plagiarism.

We all make mistakes, myself included, and how you handle those mistakes is crucial. Stephanopoulos didn’t realize he couldn’t be giving money to the family foundation of the guy he used to work for, whose wife is running for president, especially when he was covering the uproar over its tangled finances. But he also misjudged the negative reaction, and his initial statement apologized only for the lack of disclosure. A day later, he realized he had to apologize on camera, and for making the $75,000 donations as well. The former White House official also bowed out of ABC’s Republican presidential debate (although his hand may have been forced by GOP demands to yank the debate from the network).

When Williams was found to have invented the story of being shot at in a helicopter over Iraq, he issued a botched apology and said he’d be taking a few days off. Only later did NBC launch an investigation and remove him from ""Nightly News"" for six months.

Some of this gets caught up in the ideological wars, as liberals would surely include Mother Jones’ account of exaggerated talk about reporting by Bill O’Reilly, who has vehemently denied the allegations and denounced the accusers.

The crux of Stephanopoulos’ problem is that he’s never fully been able to shake his partisan past as a Clinton Democrat—and deepened that wound by giving money to the one charity that should have been off-limits to him.

Of course, the cable networks have hired plenty of political operatives (David Axelrod, Robert Gibbs, Jay Carney, Karl Rove), but they’re in the commentary business. And of course some people have made the transition from politics to straight news.

Tim Russert, who worked for Mario Cuomo and Pat Moynihan, did it, but he was an NBC executive before taking over “Meet the Press” and was famously tough on both sides. Tony Snow had been a speechwriter for George H.W. Bush before eventually taking over “Fox News Sunday”—and, of course, leaving to become Bush 43’s press secretary.

As someone who started interviewing Stephanopoulos in 1992, I can say that it takes a long time for a former political adviser to win the audience’s trust as a journalist—and just a short time to lose it. Viewers will have to judge in the future whether George is being as unbiased as possible, but they’ve already rendered their verdict on the mainstream media.

Click for more from Media Buzz

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
1542,Muslim debate seizes GOP presidential race,"A debate over Islam -- first sparked by Donald Trump not correcting a town hall questioner who called President Obama a non-American Muslim, and now Ben Carson saying a Muslim should not be president -- has unexpectedly shifted the conversation in the Republican presidential race.

So far, neither candidate at the center of the furor is backing down. Trump has said he had no obligation to correct the man who wrongly called Obama a Muslim. And Carson is doubling down on his remarks from Sunday.

Carson, a Christian and retired neurosurgeon, initially commented on whether a Muslim should be president on NBC's ""Meet the Press.""

""I would not advocate that we put a Muslim in charge of this nation,"" Carson said. ""I absolutely would not agree with that.""

He later told The Hill that the next president should be ""sworn in on a stack Bibles, not a Koran."" He explained, ""I do not believe Sharia is consistent with the Constitution of this country.""

Carson's comments were attacked by Democrats, while fellow Republicans gave a more careful answer to the same question. In a primary race that so far has been as unpredictable as it is unruly, the Muslim debate marks the latest sharp turn -- after previous heated debates over illegal immigration and other issues.

Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz said Sunday, ""It's hard to understand what's so difficult about supporting an American citizen's right to run for president.

""But unsurprisingly, this left Republicans scratching their heads. Of course a Muslim, or any other American citizen, can run for president, end of story.""

In a separate appearance on NBC, fellow 2016 GOP candidate Ohio Gov. John Kasich, was asked whether he would have a problem with a Muslim in the White House.

""The answer is, at the end of the day, you've got to go through the rigors, and people will look at everything. But, for me, the most important thing about being president is you have leadership skills, you know what you're doing and you can help fix this country and raise this country. Those are the qualifications that matter to me.""

Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who taped Sunday an episode of Iowa Press, an Iowa Public Television program, was asked if he agreed with Carson's statements on Muslims being president.

""The Constitution specifies that there shall be no religious test for public office, and I am a constitutionalist,"" Cruz said.

Fellow GOP contender and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio suggested the entire matter is a distraction.

He told ABC News: ""This has nothing to do with the future of our country. These issues have been discussed ad nauseam over the last few years. It's a big waste of time. Barack Obama will not be president in a year and a half. It's time to start talking about the future of America and the people that are at home.""

Carson, a top-tier 2016 candidate and popular among the GOP's evangelical wing, made the statement Sunday after fellow Republican candidate Trump was addressed by a man during a rally Thursday in New Hampshire who said President Obama is a Muslim.

""We have a problem in this country,"" the unidentified man said. ""It's called Muslim. ... You know our current president is one.""

Obama is a Christian. But Trump has declined to address the issue, saying he is not ""morally obligated"" to set straight the record.

Carson also described the Islamic faith as inconsistent with the Constitution. However, he did not specify in what way Islam ran counter to constitutional principles.

Carson said he believes Obama is a Christian and has ""no reason to doubt what he says.""

He also said he would consider voting for a Muslim running for Congress, depending on ""who that Muslim is and what their policies are.""

Carson also made a distinction when it came to electing Muslims to Congress, calling it a ""different story"" from the presidency that ""depends on who that Muslim is and what their policies are, just as it depends on what anybody else says.""

Congress has two Muslim members, Democratic Reps. Keith Ellison of Minnesota and Andre Carson of Indiana.

""If there's somebody who's of any faith, but they say things, and their life has been consistent with things that will elevate this nation and make it possible for everybody to succeed, and bring peace and harmony, then I'm with them,"" Carson said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4799,Clinton puts Trump on defense at first debate,"(CNN) Hillary Clinton forced Donald Trump onto defense over his temperament, refusal to release his taxes and his past comments about race and women during a fiery debut presidential debate Monday -- a potentially pivotal moment in a tight election campaign.

Clinton, who has seen her dominance of the presidential race fade in the weeks since the Democratic convention, delivered a strong performance in which she demonstrated a command of policy and a sense of humor, smiling through some of Trump's strongest attacks. She delivered the best zinger of the night in response to criticism from Trump for staying off the campaign trail recently.

""I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate,"" she said. ""And yes, I did. And you know what else I prepared for? I prepared to be President. And that is a good thing.""

Trump came out swinging at the beginning of the debate, and made some effective points on the economy and jobs -- some of the aspects of his outsider presidential campaign that have struck a chord with many Americans. But the debate highlighted Trump's tendency to make false claims as he made inaccurate statements on everything from laws regarding policing, his support for the Iraq War and his contention that Clinton was behind the so-called birther conspiracy.

Appearing in the ""spin room"" after the debate to talk to journalists, Trump said he was happy with his performance.

""It went better than I ever thought,"" he told CNN's Dana Bash.

A CNN/ORC poll of debate watchers released after the event found 62% felt Clinton won compared to 27% for Trump. The poll suggests the debate audience was a bit more Democratic than the public as a whole, about on par with the Democratic tilt in the audience that watched the first debate in 2008 between Obama and John McCain.

One of the most powerful moments of the debate came when the conversation focused on the so-called birther debate following Trump's recent acknowledgment that President Barack Obama was born in the US -- a fact that has been evident for years. With Trump standing just a few feet from her, Clinton blasted him for perpetuating a ""racist lie.""

""He has a long record of engaging in racist behavior,"" Clinton said as Trump shook his head.

Trump hit back, noting Clinton's tough critiques of Obama during their bitter 2008 primary battle.

""You treated him with terrible disrespect and I watch the way you talk now about how lovely everything is ... it doesn't work that way,"" he said. ""When you try to act holier than thou, it really doesn't work.""

As the debate ended, Clinton hammered Trump over his treatment of women.

""This is a man who has called women pigs, slobs and dogs,"" Clinton said.

She accused Trump of calling a Latina contestant in a beauty contest ""Miss Piggy"" and a housekeeper because of her ethnicity, seemingly throwing Trump off as he twice asked ""Where did you find this?""

Clinton repeatedly sought to correct Trump's statements -- going so far as referring viewers to fact checks on her website -- as she aimed to portray him as out of touch with the complexities of the American economy.

""I know you live in your own reality,"" she told Trump.

Clinton and Trump opened the debate on a positive note by shaking hands before stationing themselves behind their podiums at Hofstra University on New York's Long Island. Their spouses, former President Bill Clinton and Melania Trump, also greeted each other before taking their seats in the debate hall.

From there, the drama quickly unfolded.

An increasingly angry Trump slammed Clinton for putting her plans to fight ISIS on her website -- and thereby tipping off America's enemy.

""Well, at least I have a plan to fight ISIS,"" Clinton responded, referring to his previous statements that he has a ""secret"" plan to destroy the terrorist group.

Clinton also hit Trump over his refusal to release his tax returns.

""Why won't he release his tax returns?"" Clinton asked.

""Maybe he is not as rich as he says he is,"" she went on. ""Maybe he is not as charitable as he claims to be,"" ""Maybe he doesn't want the American people to know that he has paid nothing in federal taxes.""

Clinton pressed Trump on the issue, saying ""There is something he is hiding.""

Trump replied that he would release his taxes when Clinton made public 33,000 emails that were deleted from her private email server. When Clinton said that Trump had paid no federal income tax in some years, Trump replied ""That makes me smart.""

Clinton also set about Trump's business record, pointing out that he had called himself ""The King of Debt"" and accusing him of ""stiffing"" thousand of contractors who did work for his business.

When the debate turned to racial issues and crime, Clinton said that it was important for police to work together with local communities to restore trust.

Trump accused Clinton of refusing to say the phrase ""law and order"" and bemoaned the state of inner cities. He said that African-Americans and Hispanics were ""living in hell.""

""You walk down the street, you get shot,"" Trump said.

Clinton rebuked Trump for painting ""such a dire picture"" of black communities.

Trump and Clinton are facing off with the campaign at a critical point, as the race is a dead heat just 43 days before Election Day.

The former secretary of state is relying on both states to help pave her way to the 270 electoral votes needed to win the White House.

The rivals spent the day preparing for their big battle.

Clinton participated in mock debates with her tart-tongued former aide Philippe Reines playing Trump. In one practice debate, Reines assumed the character of the unpredictable nominee by praising Clinton for her role as a pioneer for women, campaign sources said.

Reines even wore the kind of signature red tie that Trump favors and adopted his characteristic hand gestures in a bid to fully prepare Clinton for her unpredictable foe.

The Republican nominee has watched videos of Clinton, but his preparation has been less intense than his opponent's, in keeping with his more freewheeling style. He did not hold mock debates, for instance, with someone standing in for Clinton.",1
3825,How the Obama White House runs foreign policy,"When Susan E. Rice took over as President Obama’s national security adviser two years ago, she was struck by how the White House had grown. Since she had last served on the National Security Council, during the Clinton administration, its staff had nearly quadrupled in size, to about 400 people.

Earlier this year Rice embarked on an effort to trim that number, hoping to make the policy­making process more agile. By mid-July, she said in an interview, the staff had been cut by 6 percent.

But it may be too late to change impressions of an NSC bureaucracy whose size has come to symbolize an overbearing and paranoid White House that insists on controlling even the smallest policy details, often at the expense of timely and effective decisions.

In the Defense Department, where mistrust of the White House has persisted since the administration began, Obama is described as resolute and bold when a quick executive action is needed on operations such as hostage rescues and targeted captures and killings.

However, when the president has wanted to move swiftly on some of his most ambitious policy initiatives — the opening to Cuba and the early Iran nuclear negotiations — he has circumvented the usual practice for decision-making and kept a close hold within the White House.

Two senior NSC officials — deputy national security adviser Benjamin J. Rhodes and then-Latin American director Ricardo Zuniga — handled secret talks leading to last December’s announced opening to Cuba. The White House did not inform Secretary of State John F. Kerry until the discussions were well underway, and State Department officials in charge of the region found out only as they neared completion.

The success of those policies — along with a climate deal with China, trade agreements and other legacy-building achievements in recent months — have boosted internal morale and for some, at least, validated the way the administration operates.

But on a host of other important issues, the NSC, designed in Harry Truman’s time to coordinate sometimes-conflicting diplomatic and defense views, is still widely seen as the place where policy becomes immobilized by indecision, plodding through months and sometimes years of repetitive White House meetings.

In addressing challenges where there is internal disagreement or there are no good options — civil war in Syria, Russians in Ukraine and military dictatorship in Egypt, for example — policymaking has been “sclerotic at best, constipated at worse,” a senior Defense Department official said.

“Time seems to be all this process produces. More time, more meetings, more discussions,” the official said.

Others fume that the NSC has taken over things that could and should be handled elsewhere in the government. Former CIA director and defense secretary Leon Panetta, who left the administration in February 2013, has spoken of the “increasing centralization of power at the White House” and a “penchant for control” that in his case included submission of speeches and interview requests for White House approval.

His predecessor at the Defense Department, Robert M. Gates, has said that “micromanagement” by the Obama White House “drove me crazy.”

Many inside Cabinet departments and agencies complain that their expertise and experience is undervalued and that they are subjected to the whims of less knowledgeable NSC staffers. With such a large structure that in some areas duplicates their own departments, senior officials see the NSC as usurping their responsibilities, leaving them feeling unappreciated and frustrated.

“If assistant secretaries, deputy assistants, don’t have a sense of authorship and accountability, they tend to get beaten down,” said a recently departed high-level administration official. “When large agencies — the Defense Department or State or others — don’t feel as much a part of the takeoff, implementation tends to suffer. It’s just human nature.”

Others are less diplomatic. “Any little twerp from the NSC can call a meeting and set the agenda,” a senior State Department official said.

More than a dozen current and former senior officials in national security departments and agencies, and in the White House, discussed the NSC for this article, some of them in several interviews. Most spoke only on the condition of anonymity, whether to criticize or to praise.

Outside the administration, some lawmakers, policy experts and scholars charge that a bloated NSC staff, filled with what they describe as acolytes who distrust the rest of the government and see protecting the president as their primary job, has helped make Obama’s foreign policy ineffective and risk-averse.

“There are problems that call for a real ‘whole of government’ solution,” said David Rothkopf, who has written extensively on the history and structure of the National Security Council and served in the Clinton administration. “I’ve never seen an administration that says it more and does it less.”

Grumbling about how the White House operates is far from unique to the Obama administration, and the NSC staff has grown substantially under virtually every successive president since Jimmy Carter. But the size and intrusiveness of Obama’s NSC has made it a prominent target.

The White House thinks that some administration officials blame the NSC to disguise disorganization and disagreements within their own departments or when decisions don’t go their way.

“I’m not saying there isn’t micromanagement at the NSC. There is,” Rhodes said.

But “sometimes I think the NSC just becomes kind of the boogeyman.”

Never getting to yes or no

“This will likely piss everybody off,” Obama observed at a national security meeting last March, when he decided to end an 18-month long internal argument by releasing weapons shipments to Egypt.

The arms — F-16 aircraft, Abrams tank components and Harpoon missiles — had been on hold since the July 2013 military overthrow of elected president Mohamed Morsi and the installation of Gen. Abdel Fatah al-Sissi as president.

Several months of debate ensued over whether to call the military action a coup — a designation that would have required all military assistance to be withheld. The White House decided to leave its options open.

Some assistance would continue while major military items would be withheld as a message of disapproval. Obama ordered a review of the overall U.S. aid relationship with Egypt, a strategic ally in the Middle East, and said the full partnership would not be restored until Sissi took steps toward a sustainable, nonviolent democracy.

As the review dragged on for months, internal frustration grew.

Kerry and then-Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel argued that the United States needed Egypt as a reliable, well-armed ally in the region and should restore the weapons aid. Partner nations in the Persian Gulf region — already stung by Obama’s refusal to take military action in Syria — warned that the administration was alienating the Egyptians when it should be working with them.

Others, including departmental officials under both Kerry and Hagel, along with Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power and outside human rights advocates, took a different view. They insisted that Obama needed a sign from the Egyptians: some indication they were prepared to stop rounding up political opponents and journalists, release the ones they had thrown in jail, and stop dealing with dissent by killing and execution.

By the time Obama decided in March to lift the ban on the planes and other big-ticket items, no one’s view had changed. Little to nothing had been gained on the human rights front. Sissi’s distrust for the administration had deepened, and Persian Gulf partners thought that the administration had once again let them down.

To many on the inside, Egypt policy has been a prime example of the NSC’s failure to bring together disparate Cabinet views and fashion options for timely presidential decision.

The White House sees different phenomena at work, including the inability of Cabinet secretaries to marshal unity within their own departments, and resentment on the losing side. On both Egypt and Ukraine, where there has been similar reluctance to make final decisions, there has been “a lateral difference between principals” and those beneath them, a senior official said. “Both are sets of issues where decisions have had to go directly to the president and where the decisions haven’t always been popular.”

“We’re working to fix it,” the official said. “It’s everybody’s problem. It frustrates everybody.”

Some remain unsatisfied, however. A senior State Department official recently described White House meetings held four or five days a week on an issue of current concern, with little turnaround time to prepare ordered documents or consider what was discussed the day before. Often, the meetings amount to time-wasting repetition of the same arguments.

In another example, the Justice Department indicated in a high-level meeting last summer that a proposal to hold in indefinite detention older children who crossed the Mexican border without their parents was likely illegal. Yet the same proposal appeared repeatedly on the agenda for discussion by ever-more senior officials, eventually rising to Obama — who pointed out that in addition to being unwise, it was likely illegal, a participant said.

On some issues, meetings at the level of Cabinet deputies — the place where options are supposed to be refined before consideration by department heads and then the president — grew so repetitive last year that deputies stopped coming, sending assistant secretaries and below in their stead.

“It was like ‘Groundhog Day’ . . . with no progress, no refinement,” said one official. “In fairness, these are all tough questions. But eventually, you’ve got to make a choice.”

A former White House official said: “The thing I think is fundamentally wrong with the NSC process is that there’s too much process. There’s too much airing of every agency’s view and recommendations, and not enough adjudicating. . . . Someone’s got to be the decision-maker, who’s just going to say, ‘We’re going to do this’ and ‘We’re not going to do that.’ ”

Crucial delays can be as much about what a policy will look like as about what it actually is. During NSC-led meetings early last year over Ukraine’s list of requested military assistance, “most items were seen as ‘too military,’ ” a senior Defense Department official said. “We were not sure how far Russia was going to go” in helping a separatist takeover, “and whether this would provoke them.”

The Ukrainian military’s urgent need for blankets and packaged meals was easily agreed at the start. The question was how to get them there.

Over multiple NSC meetings, “there was a lot of discussion about optics,” the official said, and whether to send the items by military cargo aircraft or overland.

Eventually, it was decided to ship the supplies by European-licensed trucks, to avoid the provocative sight of U.S. military transport planes on the ground. But a few weeks later, this official flew into Kiev airport for a meeting with Ukrainian officials, only to spot several large, grey C-130 U.S. military transports on the runway. Vice President Biden was visiting, and the planes were there to deliver his communications equipment and sensitive gear.

“Things like that color moods and sour people,” the official said of the lengthy debates. “When you litigate all the small stuff, it makes the big stuff even worse.”

Debates over Ukraine’s request for heavy weapons have now gone on for well more than a year. The White House has not said yes, but it has never said no.

Established in the years following World War II to help the president coordinate and reconcile diplomatic and military perspectives, the National Security Council initially included only the president and the secretaries of state and defense. Since the Truman administration, each chief executive has added, or on rare occasions subtracted, seats at the head table.

A small secretariat eventually developed into a presidential staff led by the national security adviser. Different presidents have put the staff to different uses, but virtually all have increased its size, and the staff itself is now more commonly known as “the NSC.”

Jimmy Carter managed with about 25 NSC staffers and a powerful and outspoken national security adviser in Zbigniew Brzezinski, who often eclipsed Cabinet secretaries. Ronald Reagan went through six national security advisers in eight years, and an “operational” NSC that led to fiascoes such as the Iran-contra scandal.

Brent Scowcroft, national security adviser to George H.W. Bush, is often cited as the “gold standard” for how to run an effective and collaborative NSC. Concerned that its staff would overwhelm the departments, he limited it to 50 people.

Its purpose was to integrate views and create a cohesive national security policy, Scowcroft said in an interview, “not to replace departments. . . . That’s always the instinctive thing — well, ‘These guys aren’t doing a good job on something, we’ll just do it ourselves.’ I tried not to do that.”

Under Bill Clinton, the NSC doubled in size to about 100. George W. Bush doubled it again, to 200.

The first indication of how Obama planned to use the NSC came with Presidential Policy Directive 1, issued three weeks after his inauguration. Following the Scowcroft structure, it established a Principals Committee of Cabinet secretaries and top agency officials, chaired by the national security adviser, as the last stop before policy options reached the president.

The Deputies Committee, of No. 2 agency officials, analyzes issues and options before they reach the principals, handles day-to-day crisis management and monitors policy implementation.

A third, lower level of interagency committees generally determines what will rise up to the deputies. In previous administrations, the committees usually were chaired by a lead department or agency — normally the State or Defense departments. Obama’s directive moved them into the White House, chaired by the NSC.

Former officials who participated in Obama’s White House transition and later served in senior administration posts described that decision as a crucial driver toward more centralization. “It was a conscious decision to elevate the NSC’s role by having it chair those committees,” one said.

But it was far from the only reason for growth.

The staff grew by 35 almost immediately, when Obama folded the Homeland Security Council established by his predecessor into the NSC. Slightly more than half of today’s NSC personnel — many of them detailees from other agencies who are not on the White House payroll — are what Rice calls “policy people.” The rest are divided among management and human resources staff and about 100 who supply technology support, including manning the White House Situation Room in shifts, 24 hours a day.

Staffing of traditional NSC “directorates” and “coordinators,” organized by function and geographic regions, ballooned with each new crisis. Surging issues such as cyber- and health security — including Ebola — brought additional staff.

Each subject area produces White House-run meetings, often overlapping sessions called by separate NSC chieftains on security, economic and diplomatic aspects of the same issue. For every meeting, both NSC and agency personnel are tasked with writing issue and option papers than can run to a dozen or more pages.

Rice — who came to the job with unique prior experience at the NSC and the State Department and as a Cabinet member during Obama’s first term — resisted her initial impulse to cut staff until she understood the reasons for the growth. This year, as part of her review, she has folded the separate Bush-era NSC office in charge of Afghanistan-Pakistan affairs back into the South Asia directorate. Implementation of the recently completed Iran nuclear agreement has been based at the State Department, along with the coordinator of the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State.

The office that opened at the NSC last year to coordinate the Ebola response among agencies has also been closed, as that crisis has ebbed.

But Rice strongly defended its establishment in the first place. With participation by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; the State, Defense and Health and Human Services departments; and the U.S. Agency for International Development, she said, the U.S. response “wasn’t working until we sucked it into the White House and the president put his personal muscle behind it.”

Nearly every Thursday morning since the September 2012 terrorist attacks on the U.S. compound in Benghazi, Libya, senior and mid-level officials from at least five government agencies have gathered at the White House to talk about security for U.S. facilities and personnel overseas.

Protecting diplomats and other Americans abroad is a core responsibility of the State Department. Yet the weekly talks are convened by the NSC and led by Lisa Monaco, Obama’s chief counterterrorism adviser, who guides discussions about where threats are greatest and what kind of protection should be available.

To the White House, this makes perfect sense. Many agencies have personnel based overseas, and many of the resources to protect them reside outside the State Department.

“It used to be that State ran foreign policy,” said a former White House official. “Now, everyone’s got a hand in it. Go around the table, and they’ve all got equities, they’ve all got personnel out in the field, and all that needs to be managed.”

But others drew a direct line from White House management of the issue back to the political embarrassment of the Benghazi attacks, which resulted in the deaths of four U.S. officials. Nearly three years later, a Republican-led congressional committee is still searching for a smoking gun of administration cover-up.

“Benghazi is a good example,” the former official said, “and . . . Ebola. That can’t just be left to CDC and State and others to manage. No. You have to have a czar and a whole team of people. And why is that? Because the politics on this issue have become so much more corrosive and challenging that it’s a natural instinct for the White House to say, ‘We’ve got to have an eye on this. On everything.’ ”

The embassy security meetings have frequently bogged down over minor issues, such as whether to deploy a handful of Special Operations troops or to approve a State Department request for an additional 10 diplomats at an embassy. One official recalled that White House oversight even extended to the overseas deployment of dog handlers and their bomb-sniffing canines.

“The first thing I’m going to do is to stop all this micromanagement from the NSC,” Deputy Secretary Antony J. Blinken joked as he chaired his first senior staff meeting at the State Department in December, after moving there from his White House job as Rice’s deputy.

Blinken, who has gone back and forth among buildings several times, knows better than most that where one sits usually indicates where one stands on the subject.

“When you look at it” from the White House’s perspective, another former official whose career has traveled much the same path said of micromanagement charges, “and you’re just constantly worried about something going wrong, and you’re wearing the shirt for it, you can understand how this happens.”

In January, as internal administration complaints about the NSC escalated, Rice acknowledged the problems but praised the policy outcomes.

“If you look at where we started in 2014, we had no Ukraine and Russia, no Ebola, and no ISIL as the next major counterterrorism” threat, she said in an interview at the time, referring to the Islamic State. “In each of those instances of unforeseen crisis, on top of all the business we were having to do anyway, with some complexity and obviously not always with perfect form, we bent the curve.

“Style points? Sure. Take some off at the margins,” she said. “Substance? Managing an unprecedented array of complex crises and continuing at the same time to pursue the president’s long-term agenda on things that will matter when the music stops, like climate change and Cuba? I feel pretty good.”

But at the same time, she decided she had seen and heard enough to know that her initial reaction to the NSC’s size and structure might have merit. At her direction, aides drew up staffing charts and held focus groups to solicit suggestions for improvement. Senior officials were interviewed; organizational meetings were held.

By June, a statement posted on the White House blog promised a newly “lean, nimble, and policy-oriented” NSC, with “fewer, more focused meetings, less paper to produce and consume, and more communication that yields better policymaking.”

In late July, more than half a year after she began the exercise, Rice said that she was satisfied with the results. “We’re going to keep going” with staff trims, she said. “But we’re going to do it in a thoughtful way. . . . We need to not compromise quality simply for the sake of structure.”

Opinions on the depth of the changes differ. One senior department official agreed last month that there were fewer NSC meetings and less paperwork. Another official, en route to a third White House meeting on a single recent day, hadn’t noticed any change.",1
4515,"ISIS claims responsibility for Garland, Texas, shooting","(CNN) ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack outside a Prophet Mohammed cartoon contest in Texas -- and warned of more attacks to come.

In a broadcast on its official radio channel Tuesday, the group said two Al Khilafa soldiers opened fire outside the event in Garland, a Dallas suburb. Al Khilafa is how ISIS refers to its soldiers.

CNN cannot confirm the claim, and ISIS offered no evidence the gunmen were affiliated with the terror organization.

The gunmen, Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi , wounded a security guard before police shot and killed them.

Nadir Soofi, left, and Elton Simpson were the two gunmen in the Garland, Texas, shooting.

The ISIS radio announcer also referred to Simpson and Soofi as the terror group's ""brothers."" The announcement ended with this warning:

""We say to the defenders of the cross, the U.S., that future attacks are going to be harsher and worse. The Islamic State soldiers will inflict harm on you with the grace of God. The future is just around the corner.""

While ISIS claimed responsibility two days after the attack, there was no immediate indication that the terror group in Iraq and Syria had contact with Simpson or Soofi, who both lived in Phoenix.

""They may not have had formal contact (with ISIS). They may have had email communication or read communications from ISIS, but I don't think they were directed by ISIS,"" Clemente said.

""I think it's the other way around -- they were kind of applying for membership into ISIS. And so they were doing this act, sent out the tweet in advance because if they know there's a possibility they're not going to make it out of this, then they can't give recognition to what they were trying to do after the fact.""

On Tuesday, White House spokesman Josh Earnest described what happened as ""an attempted terrorist act (that) was foiled."" U.S. authorities, meanwhile, are still looking into what links -- if any -- Sunday's shooters had to international terrorism.

But there are clues that one of the gunmen was an ISIS sympathizer.

Moments before the attack, Simpson posted a tweet with the hashtag #texasattack: ""May Allah accept us as mujahideen.""

The tweet also said he and his fellow attacker had pledged allegiance to ""Amirul Mu'mineen,"" which means ""the leader of the faithful."" CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said that likely refers to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.

Earlier, Simpson had asked his followers on Twitter to follow an ISIS propagandist.

After the shooting, the propagandist tweeted: ""Allahu Akbar!!!! 2 of our brothers just opened fire.""

Both Twitter accounts have been deactivated.

One U.S. official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the shooting was ""certainly more than just inspiration"" by ISIS, but that assessment does not mean the terror group gave the gunmen specific instructions.

A law enforcement official told CNN the attack does not appear to be a clear-cut case of a lone wolf, nor a pure case of someone directed by others to act. Rather, the official said, it appears to be something in between the two extremes.

The attack fits a well-known pattern of ISIS recruitment and incitement: encouraging sympathizers via a sophisticated social media campaign to join the fight in Syria, or, if they cannot, to carry out terror attacks on their own at home, U.S. officials said Tuesday.

In 2011, Simpson was convicted of making a false statement involving international and domestic terrorism. Prosecutors said he told FBI agents he had not discussed traveling to Somalia to engage in ""violent jihad"" -- when, in fact, he had, according to an indictment.

Simpson was sentenced to three years of probation, court records show.

Soofi, on the other hand, was relatively unknown to federal investigators, a law enforcement official told CNN.

Authorities knew of no indication the pair planned to launch Sunday's attack, another law enforcement official said.

Two law enforcement officials say that it's believed Simpson and Soofie drove from Phoenix, Arizona, to Garland, but officials did not specify the exact timeline of when the trip was made.

A separate law enforcement source said the two long guns and four handguns found in their car were bought legally.

The FBI searched the apartment Simpson and Soofie shared and found it to be relatively barren, one of the law enforcement officials said. Authorities retrieved a hard drive, which is being analyzed, the official said.

Investigators are trying to ascertain whether the two gunmen had any associates in Phoenix, or across the United States, who share their ideology. The FBI is scrubbing the deceased attackers' electronics and interviewing friends in a bid to draw possible connections.

The two assailants drove up to the center and started shooting, striking a security guard in the ankle. But Garland police returned fire, killing the gunmen before they were able to enter the building.

Police ""faced death head-on and, with incredible skill and bravery, were able to save a lot of people,"" said Zach Horn, an attorney for the officers.

The shooting stirred memories of other attacks this year in France and Denmark.

In January, gunmen attacked the offices of Charlie Hebdo, a French satirical magazine that has a controversial history of depicting Mohammed, and killed 12 people.

In February, a gunman attacked a free speech forum in Copenhagen, Denmark, featuring artist Lars Vilks, who infuriated al Qaeda with his depictions of Mohammed.",1
2747,The “blame the left” crew: What the right’s new Hebdo attack is really about,"It was inevitable that liberals would end up being condemned for the horrific attacks on the French satirical magazine Charlie Hedbo in which 12 people were killed by what appear to have been Muslim extremists. Yes, I know it seems strange on the face of it that anyone would think liberals would be responsible for the actions of ultra-conservative religious fanatics, but this is nothing new. It goes all the way back to the capture of John Walker Lind, the “American Taliban,” when conservative wags such as Ann Coulter declared that he naturally became a member of that violent, conservative religious sect because he was raised in Marin County, California, and was thus a liberal role model:

Conservative writer Andrew Sullivan famously issued this indictment, just five days after 9/11:

It never struck these people as odd that liberals — the coalition that includes feminists, gays and promotes religious pluralism, including atheism — would throw in with conservative fundamentalists, but there it is.

Sullivan later apologized for his remarks. I’m sure you’ll be shocked to learn that Coulter did not.

This idea never really went away, however. It’s as if some people cannot conceptualize the idea that their enemies might not be in cahoots with one another. Even gay-loving atheists and jihadis, which has to be one of the oddest alliances of all time. It took on a slightly different cast when the Danish cartoon controversy erupted back in 2006. At that time, the right was very critical of the left for allegedly failing to throw the blasphemous and insulting cartoons in the jihadists’ faces and show proper regard for Western notions of free speech by telling Muslims everywhere in no uncertain terms what they could do with their prohibition on images of the Prophet Mohammed. William Kristol of the Weekly Standard put it this way:

He was including that liberal squish George W. Bush in his criticism, by the way. His state department had issued a statement condemning the cartoons as being “unacceptable.”

Fast forward to the horrific events of this week in Paris and we’ll see the same refrain. Liberals are once again at least partially responsible for the terrible acts of what appear to be ultra-conservative fanatics because they have failed to properly defend free speech.

Yesterday, Jonathan Chait in New York magazine quoted the Time magazine Paris bureau chief Bruce Crumley in the wake of the earlier firebombing of Charlie Hebdo in 2010, angrily condemning what he called “‘majority sections’ of Western nations to bait Muslim members with petulant, futile demonstrations that ‘they’ aren’t going to tell ‘us’ what can and can’t be done in free societies?” He was obviously talking about the attitudes and practices of Islamophobes throughout Europe, but did take the magazine to task for its overall offensiveness as well.

Chait sarcastically says, “Crumley carefully noted, terrorism is bad, too. But his primary villain was the satirical magazine that provoked the attacks.” Oddly, later in the piece he quotes Crumley saying that societies cannot give in to the hysterical demands of extremists and that violence and intimidation cannot be condoned, but his point seems to be that beyond that any discussion or disagreement with the substance of the free speech in question is off limits.

He’s not speaking of liberalism in the parochial American sense, obviously, but the criticism hits the same people. He goes on to quote Jay Carney, Obama’s former press secretary, who very mildly pointed out at the time that insulting depictions of the Prophet Mohammed are entirely legal but that publishing them showed questionable judgment and concludes:

The Muslim radical argues that the ban on blasphemy is morally right and should be followed; the Western liberal insists it is morally wrong but should be followed. Theoretical distinctions aside, both positions yield an identical outcome. The right to blaspheme religion is one of the most elemental exercises of political liberalism. One cannot defend the right without defending the practice. So much for that old American trope about freedom of speech: “I may not agree with what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.” By defending the “practice,” he apparently means we are also obligated to refrain from objecting to what people say as well, which is a very different proposition. This essentially says that in defending freedom of speech you must give up your own right to free speech lest you help the terrorists — which is a bit strange. And it’s a concept over which the great right-wing defenders of American values are going to find themselves in conflict. After all, the shoe was on their religious feet not that long ago: NEW YORK, Sept. 23—He’s particularly outraged, Mayor Rudolph Giuliani has said, by a collage of the Virgin Mary dotted with elephant dung. He isn’t impressed by the pickled pig carcasses, either. And he’s taken dead aim at the Brooklyn Museum of Art: It will lose $7 million in city funds, he warns, unless it cancels a “sick” exhibit of British works scheduled to open next week. Rome’s Catholic, Muslim and Jewish leaders have united to condemn pop star Madonna’s decision to stage a mock-crucifixion when she performs in the Italian capital on Sunday a stone’s throw away from Vatican City. The lapsed-Catholic diva’s latest irreverent performance sees her wearing a fake crown of thorns and descending on a suspended, glittery cross as part of her worldwide “Confessions Tour”. Having already been criticised in the United States, Catholics priests from across the Eternal City have gone one further saying the act is blasphemy. Cardinal Ersilio Tonino, speaking with the approval of Pope Benedict XVI said: “This time the limits have really been pushed too far. “This concert is a blashphemous challenge to the faith and a profanation of the cross. She should be excommunicated.” In an unusual show of religious solidarity, Muslim and Jewish leaders added their condemnation of the self-styled Queen of Pop, famous for peppering her concerts and videos with controversial religious and sexual imagery. “I think her idea is in the worst taste and she’d do better to go home,” Mario Scialoja, head of Italy’s Muslim League said. People get upset about things people say and often condemn them for saying it because it’s offensive to them or others. It’s certainly not an exclusively liberal thing unless you think that fundamentalist Islam is liberal or that conservative Catholics like Rudy Giuliani and Pope Benedict are left-wingers. (But it must be noted that in all the situations outlined here, the only person to use the power of the state to try to shut anyone up was Rudy Giuliani.) Arthur Goldhammer wrote a very insightful piece about this latest horror in Al Jazeera. He pointed out that Charlie Hedbo was more than just a satirical magazine. It followed a certain unique French tradition that was “an equal opportunity offender, and it reveled in its freedom to vex, irritate and derange.” It’s doubtful many people would feel it necessary to defend the substance of everything in its pages — how could they without having their heads explode? No, what we must defend is the principle under which they were allowed to say what they said, period. That is inviolable. And that principle also allows people to condemn Islam or Charlie Hedbo  — or both in the very same breath. Once you start policing what people say in the name of free speech you’ve already lost the argument. And yes, under that principle, we must also defend William Donohue’s right to say the cretinous, idiotic things he says. And we can certainly also feel free to condemn him for saying it. In doing so, we are not advocating that he be silenced. We are using our right of free speech to say we think he’s a cretinous idiot and we wish he would stop being one.",1
3717,Police Arrest Suspect In Charleston Church Shooting,"Police in Charleston, S.C., say a man they suspect opened fire and killed nine people during a Wednesday prayer meeting at one of the city's oldest historically black churches has been captured.

Police are calling the attack a hate crime, and they released stills from a security video that authorities say show 21-year-old Dylann Roof entering the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church.

Roof, police said, sat with the congregation for about an hour before he opened fire at around 9 p.m. ET. He left the church in a black sedan, unleashing an overnight manhunt that involved local and federal law enforcement.

Police apprehended the lone suspect during a traffic stop in Shelby, N.C., an almost four-hour drive from Charleston. Roof waived extradition during a court appearance in Shelby and will be headed back to South Carolina.

Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley said the arrest is a part of the healing process that has just begun.

""In America we don't let people like this get away with this dastardly deed,"" Riley said.

In a statement from the White House, President Obama meditated on the history of the church, which he called a ""sacred place in the history of Charleston and in the history of America.""

He said the Emanuel AME is a church that has seen tragedy in the past. It was burned to the ground because its worshippers wanted to end slavery. It's a place where civil rights leaders spoke and led marches in search for freedom.

Obama said it's a tragedy anytime Americans die in a situation like this, but it's especially heartbreaking when it happens ""at a place where people are seeking peace.""

Obama quoted a eulogy Martin Luther King Jr. delivered at the funeral service for three of the four children who were killed in the 1963 bombing of a Baptist church in Birmingham.

In death, King said, those three little girls told America ""that we must be concerned not merely about who murdered them, but about the system, the way of life, the philosophy which produced the murderers.""

At an earlier press conference, Charleston Police Chief Gregory Mullen said: ""It is senseless, it is unfathomable, that in today's society somebody would walk into a church, into a prayer meeting, and take lives.""

State Sen. Clementa C. Pinckney, who was also the senior pastor at Emanuel AME Church, was one of the people killed during the attack.

The President Pro Tempore of South Carolina's Senate, Hugh Leatherman, said Pinckney was ""a strong advocate for his constituents, a great pastor and community leader, but most importantly, a cherished and loved husband, father and son.""

He continued: ""The victims were in a Bible study, learning the Word of God, in one of the most beloved institutions in our State whose roots go back to the dark days of slavery. What happened last night is incomprehensible.""

The Charleston County coroner identified the nine victims as Cynthia Hurd, 54; Daniel Simmons Sr., 74; Rev. Clementa Pinckney, 41; Rev. Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, 45; Ethel Lance, 70; Tywanza Sanders, 26; Myra Thompson, 59; Susie Jackson, 87; and Depayne Middleton Doctor, 49. All the victims, but Simmons, died at the scene. Simmons died in hospital.

In a short speech at the White House, President Obama said that he was restrained by what he could say about the facts of case, but he was not constrained by emotion.

Obama said that it is tragic anytime Americans die in a situation like this. But it is especially heartbreaking when it happens ""at a place where people are seeking peace.""

He said the Emanuel AME is a church that has seen tragedy in the past. It was burned to the ground because its worshippers wanted to end slavery. It's a place where civil rights leaders spoke and led marches in search for freedom.

""This is a sacred place in the history of Charleston and in the history of America,"" Obama said.

Today, he said, marks another attempt against a black church in the United States. And like this church, and others like it, have rebuilt in the past, Mother Emanuel ""will rise again, now.""

Update at 12 p.m. ET. Tip Led To Arrest:

During a news conference, Charleston Police Chief Gregory Mullen said a civilian called police to report suspicious activity.

Police followed up on the tip and quickly figured out that they were dealing with shooting suspect Dylann Roof, who was arrested without incident.

Mullen, who would not comment on whether Roof had any weapons on him, said that Roof was cooperative.

Mullen said that police had yet to determine a motive.

Update at 11:13 a.m. ET. Barbaric Crime:

""Acts like this one have no place in our country and no place in a civilized society,"" she said.

Lynch said that federal authorities are working closely with local authorities to try to apprehend the suspect.

President Obama is expected to make a statement at 11:45 a.m. ET.

Update at 11:10 a.m. ET. Two Previous Arrests:

A search of public records finds that Dylann Roof had two recent court cases against him — one for trespassing, one for drug possession.

Update at 10:33 a.m. ET. Suspect Identified:

The city of Charleston said police have named a suspect: 21-year-old Dylann Roof.

""The vehicle he may be driving is a black Hyundai with vehicle tag LGF330. Anyone with information about his location call 1-800-CALL-FBI,"" the city said in a statement.

The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks extremist groups, tweeted a photograph of the suspect sporting a jacket with what appears to be the flag for ""white-rule Rhodesia, now Zimbabwe.""

Another patch on the jacket, the SPLC says, shows a South African apartheid era flag.

Update at 9:35 a.m. ET. A 'Beloved Senator':

The President Pro Tempore of South Carolina Senate, Hugh Leatherman, said Sen. Pinckney was a ""beloved"" public servant.

""Senator Clementa C. Pinckney was a leader in the Senate of South Carolina, a strong advocate for his constituents, a great pastor and community leader, but most importantly, a cherished and loved husband, father and son,"" Leatherman said in a statement. ""The entire Senate of South Carolina extends our love and sympathy to Jennifer, Eliana, Malana, and to the rest of his family.""

Update at 9:05 a.m. ET. State Senator Among Those Killed:

State Sen. Clementa C. Pinckney, who was also the senior pastor at Emanuel AME Church, was one of the people killed during the attack, according to multiple news outlets as well as the chairman of the South Carolina Democratic Party.

Update at 8:43 a.m. ET. Federal Hate Crime Investigation:

Update at 7:17 a.m. ET. Suspect Sat With Congregation For An Hour:

During a press conference just minutes ago, Charleston Police Chief Gregory Mullen said the suspect sat with the congregation in prayer for about an hour before opening fire.

The suspect ultimately killed 9 people — six females and three males. Three others survived.

Mullen said that law enforcement from all along the East Coast are helping in the investigation and the FBI and the ATF have come in from D.C.

""This tragedy that we're addressing right now is indescribable,"" Mullen said. ""No one in this community will ever forget this night ... and because of the pain and the hurt this individual has caused this community ... the law enforcement officials working on this are committed and we will catch this individual.""

Mullen called on anyone with information about the suspect to call 1-800-Call-FBI, but said that they should not approach the suspect because he is ""very dangerous.""

Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley Jr. said that last night that he and the police chief ""hugged as many"" of the victims' families as they could. He said they saw weeping mothers, fathers, grandmothers and grandfathers.

Riley said this attack has ripped a part of the community's fabric forever.

""But we will work to heal them, to love them and support them in that church as long as we live,"" Riley said.

Update at 6:50 a.m. ET. What Happened?

According to The Post and Courier of Charleston, a gunman entered the church on Wednesday evening, as members of the church gathered for a prayer meeting.

The Emanuel AME Church website says that church is the oldest African Methodist Episcopal church in the South. ""Emanuel has one of the largest and oldest black congregations south of Baltimore, Maryland,"" the website says.",1
5205,Donald Trump’s collapse was caused by one big factor: Hillary Clinton,"Silver of FiveThirtyEight.com has laid out four possible outcomes to the race at this point, with all but one featuring a Clinton win:

A Trump win, including cases where he loses the popular vote but wins the Electoral College. A narrow Clinton win, wherein she wins the Electoral College, but wins the popular vote by 3 percentage points or less. (Or wins the Electoral College and loses the popular vote.) A Clinton win in the “Obama zone,” wherein she wins the popular vote by 4 to 7 percentage points — the margins by which President Obama won the elections in 2012 and 2008, respectively. Clinton is all but certain to win the Electoral College if she wins the popular vote by this amount. Finally, a Clinton blowout, wherein she wins the popular vote by 8 points or more, which would almost certainly also yield a dominant performance in the Electoral College.

FiveThirtyEight’s model, which averages polls, shows that Clinton has an 85 percent probability of winning and is currently ahead by 6.6 points.

For its part, The New York Times Upshot has a 92 percent probability of a Clinton win and shows see side-by-side comparisons of all the predictions. They all have Clinton with 85 percent or higher. Using its customary metaphor, the Upshot compares the chances of Clinton losing “to the probability that an NFL kicker misses a 29-yard field goal.” That indeed happens (in fact, it happened on Sunday night) so Democrats should not get complacent.

And for down ballot races? Well, there always has been a decent possibility that the Democrats would win the Senate if they retain the White House, simply because this is a cycle when Republicans are defending more seats. Still, that outcome is anything but assured, and some analysts are insisting (without evidence) that this year will feature lots of ticket splitting (that is, people who vote for Clinton but also vote for a Republican incumbent senator, for example).

Still, this cycle is nothing if not unpredictable, so who knows?

Democrats had written off the House from the beginning: GOP gerrymandering all over the country makes it nearly impossible for Democrats to win a majority in the House until another round of redistricting after the 2020 census. Still, the possibility, however remote, is starting to be discussed.

Sam Wang from the Princeton Election Consortium said:

I estimate that Democrats must win the national popular vote by 8% to have any chance at taking control of the House. This large margin is driven by two major factors in equal measure: gerrymandering to pack Democrats into districts, and population patterns which they pack themselves. Therefore the magic number for House Democrats is a Clinton win by 8%. In national polls Clinton is currently ahead by 5% (7 polls starting on October 10th or later), and Obama outperformed his 2012 polls by 3%, so it’s not crazy to imagine. I’d give the House Democrats a 1 in 5 chance of making it over this bar. A long shot . . . but not a crazy long shot.

So what’s happening to make this dramatic shift in October? Clinton had been leading throughout the summer, but on Sept. 26, the day of the first debate, FiveThirtyEight had Donald Trump with a 51 percent chance of winning. The candidates were tied nationally at 45 percent, and the trend was moving in his favor. The obvious answer is that Trump blew it when he made a fool of himself in the aftermath of the first debate with his 3 a.m. tweets about the former Miss Universe. Since then he has been accused by a dozen women of groping and assaulting them against their will. That “Access Hollywood” tape was a shocker. Most observers see the huge and growing gender gap as a result of all that grossness. But something else happened as well. For about a month before that first debate the right-wing media and people in or around the Trump campaign had been spreading spurious rumors that Clinton had brain damage or Parkinson’s disease. This was barely covered in the mainstream media, but everyone in the media pays attention to Matt Drudge, who had been relentless with the story, so they were very much aware of such rumors. When Clinton had her fainting spell at the 9/11 ceremony in New York, the press spent days feigning anger about her failure to keep them properly informed about the details of her doctor’s appointments and diagnosis. (That’s despite campaign professionals saying they would never inform the press of anything like that, mainly because such illnesses are so common on the trail.) Unfortunately for Clinton, the combined effect of the right’s relentless smears about some kind of disqualifying terminal illness and the press fulminating for days over her pneumonia advanced the idea that she lacked the “strength and stamina” required for the job. Coincidentally or otherwise, this was the very charge that Trump had been making for months. By the time of the first debate in late September Clinton had been off the trail for quite a bit, first recovering from her pneumonia and then doing debate prep, with Trump nipping at her heels. When she showed up looking very healthy, sharp and aggressive, it changed the narrative overnight. Indeed, her ability to bait him into misbehavior had her dominating that debate from beginning to end, when she hit him with the Alicia Machado story that had him reeling for days afterward. So it’s true that Trump’s poll numbers have been cratering for a month now, pointing to what may be a catastrophic loss for the Republicans. Much of that happened because of revelations about Trump’s horrifying misogyny and his ongoing inability to behave with any discipline. But it’s a mistake to discount the huge effect of the debates, well beyond Trump’s predictably ridiculous performance. These were the first occasions since the Benghazi hearings for people to see what Clinton is made of, and it reminded them of the characteristics that make her a formidable leader. When she stood there, face-to-face with Trump, it was clear that one of them was a president. And it wasn’t him.",1
1303,Why Ted Cruz Has the Most to Lose in New Hampshire,"Ted Cruz took first prize in the Iowa caucuses, but in the days before the New Hampshire primary, not many people are treating the Texas senator like a winner.

Instead, the talk has turned to a clash between Marco Rubio and Donald Trump, the two front-runners in the Granite State, and how one has to lose a bit less than the other in order to claim victory. And whenever Cruz’s name comes up, it tends to be connected to accusations over the “dirty tricks” he allegedly played to win Iowa. Now, with victory in New Hampshire looking increasingly unlikely, Cruz risks looking like a third wheel. Saturday’s Republican debate is a crucial opportunity for him to prevent that fate, but to do so, he just somehow swipe support from either Trump or Rubio.

Cruz goes into the debate with the curse of the Iowa winner looming over him: Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum, fellow Christian conservatives who won the caucuses in the past two elections, both ended up losing the nomination. In those elections, the winner in New Hampshire ended up with the Republican nomination. While Trump is currently the front-runner, he also happens to be entirely unpredictable and apparently disinterested in running a coherent ground game. Cruz, on the other hand, has a strong campaign organization in New Hampshire, but is unlikely to win the state thanks to a Rubio surge—that is, unless the polls are misleading, as they were in Iowa.

Winning Iowa at all costs has also put a target on Cruz’s back. In the wake of his victory come accusations from Trump and Ben Carson that the Cruz campaign cheated its way to first place, with Trump calling for the Iowa results to be invalidated and Cruz indicted for voter fraud. When Trump, with an assist from Carson, inevitably turns his wrath on Cruz on Saturday, he will attack the Texan’s integrity and cast him as a political sneak, a description that does tend to befit Cruz’s reputation. The rest of the candidates will likely tear at him, too, given his winner’s status in Iowa. (Luckily for Cruz, few people watch debates on a Saturday night.)

But most important, Cruz now faces two opponents whom he narrowly beat in Iowa, and who are setting themselves up for the showdown he wanted to participate in. The inevitability of his loss in New Hampshire—polls already show him dropping after Rubio’s Iowa performance—has set up the renegade Trump in one corner, and the establishment Rubio in the other. Though Cruz has long trumpeted his own ideological purity, Trump has staked out voters to the far right, while Rubio increasingly fortifies his own position in the center thanks to a bevy of endorsements, leaving Cruz as the man uncertainly, nebulously floating somewhere in between.

For Cruz, his goal on Saturday is not just survival, but to remind the nation that he continues to be relevant as Rubio and Trump suit up for the colossal, intra-party philosophical clash that has loomed over the Republican primary. But barring a moment on the stage where Trump or Rubio utterly, completely collapse, Cruz, the man who won over Iowans with his religious zeal, may find himself, like Huckabee and Santorum before him, a bit player strutting and fretting upon the debate stage, and nothing more.",1
4214,Bernie Sanders says private meeting with Pope Francis is not an endorsement,"ROME —  U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders met privately with Pope Francis on Saturday, the capstone to an unusual detour from the American election.

Sanders said the meeting was for personal reasons and does not constitute an endorsement from the Holy See.

""I am an enormous fan of the pope because I think he has played a transformative role in the world in talking about issues that very rarely get the kind of discussion they deserve,"" Sanders said in an interview aboard his chartered plane. ""Whether it is income and wealth inequality, whether it is what he calls the dispossessed, the young people, the old people, the unemployed people who are on the sidelines of society, whether it is the ideology of greed, whether it is need to transform our energy system away from fossil fuel to save the planet, he has been a transformative leader.

""And he is a very beautiful man,"" Sanders continued. ""When you meet him, you see something very, very special in his face. He is a man of peace, and you see that.""

Some of Sanders's advisers, including his wife, Jane, also were at the meeting. He said that there was no discussion of his underdog candidacy or the election. There was no photograph of the brief meeting at the papal residence complex, in keeping with Vatican protocol and also, Sanders said, ""to make clear that there is no endorsement here.""

Francis, on Saturday, made it clear that his meeting with Sanders was not political, saying that those who thought it was should “look for a psychiatrist,” according to Reuters.

The pontiff met Sanders at the Vatican guest house, where the pope lives. “When I came down, I greeted him, I shook his hand and nothing more. This is called good manners and it is not getting involved in politics,” Reuters says the pope told reporters, during an answer to a question aboard the plane returning from the Greek island of Lesbos, where he visited a refugee camp.

[Pope calls for compassion for refugees, takes three families back to Italy]

“If anyone thinks that greeting someone is getting involved in politics, I recommend that he look for a psychiatrist,” he reportedly said while laughing.

Sanders was at the Vatican, participating in a seminar on income inequality and economic justice at the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences, where he was invited to attend as well as speak. He and other conference invitees spent the night at the Vatican after the conference.

The trip suggests that Sanders is looking ahead to how he would continue and expand the focus on very liberal social justice issues that has defined his candidacy. In a matter of months he moved from gadfly to serious challenger to the longtime Democratic favorite, largely on the strength of a set of ideas more common to liberal university campuses than the political debate stage.

""If elected president I certainly would look forward to working with the pope in trying to create a moral economy, which was the theme of this conference; an economy which challenges the idea that greed has got to be the dominant force in the world's economy,"" Sanders said.

And if he loses?

""Well, the ideas and the efforts remain the same. I'm a United States senator from Vermont. And I'll continue to fight the fights that I've always fought,"" with a larger platform to do so, Sanders said.

The Vatican invitation is symbolic of that platform, he agreed. But Sanders and the pontiff share many goals for social justice and economic restructuring, and Sanders suggested that, and not his candidacy, was the reason for the audience with Francis.

""The speech that I gave yesterday would have been the speech 10 years ago, long before I ever dreamed of running for president,"" he said in an interview with The Washington Post.

Sanders said the trip was ""absolutely"" a worthwhile diversion from campaigning in New York, where he trails front-runner Hillary Clinton by double digits in most polls.

""Look, we have campaigned extraordinarily hard in New York,"" Sanders said. He claimed he has addressed 96,000 people across the state at rallies and other meetings. ""We have worked very hard and when we go back, we're gonna work hard. This was an invitation that I would never have forgiven myself if I had refused.""

Sanders needs a solid showing in New York, which offers more than 200 delegates, to maintain a plausible argument that he can catch up to Clinton. His path to the nomination has grown narrower even as he has defeated Clinton in a string of contests over the past month.

""Uh, we got a shot,"" Sanders said when asked about his prospects for Tuesday's primary vote. ""It's gonna be tough for us, not just because Clinton has won two elections there, but because of the nature of the voting rules.""

New York, which Clinton represented as a senator for eight years, allows only registered Democrats to vote in the Democratic primary, meaning independents are cut out. Sanders has been regularly defeating Clinton among independents. The state also does not allow same-day registration. Sanders said he disagrees with both rules.

""Those are the rules. They don't work for us,"" Sanders said. ""But nonetheless, if there is a large voter turnout, we got a shot to win this.""

Sanders flew to Rome on a large, chartered airliner, largely paid with campaign funds, spokesman Michael Briggs said.

He said he did not know the exact cost of the trip. News organizations flying with Sanders pay for their passage, and the Secret Service also pays a share.

Sanders has taken some criticism earlier in his campaign for using chartered aircraft — a luxury for the privileged class as well as an addition to carbon emissions — while railing against the excesses of the wealthiest top 1 percent of Americans.

Several of Sanders’s advisers, along with his wife, their four children and four of their grandchildren, accompanied him for the overnight visit to Rome. While Jane Sanders attended the conference with her husband and joined him in meeting the pope, the rest of the family spent time sightseeing. The trip also included a stay at a posh hotel.

Sanders was back on the plane Saturday, as he plans to campaign in Brooklyn in the evening.

Stefano Pitrelli in Rome contributed to this report.",1
2316,Alabama Lawmaker: Same-Sex Couples Don’t Deserve Same Financial Benefits As Other Families,"Most conservatives who oppose marriage equality will cite the Bible, “nature,” or polygamy and incest to justify their opposition.

But for one Alabama state senator, a reason to oppose marriage equality is that it would allow same-sex couples to receive the same financial benefits that different-sex couples currently receive.

“You gotta look at the financial aspect of this as well,” State Sen. Del Marsh (R) told radio host Dale Jackson last week. “Let’s face it. If gay marriage is approved, I assume that those types of unions, those people would be entitled to Social Security benefits, insurance. Where does it end?”

Contrary to Marsh’s claim that the financial impact of marriage equality would be devastating, studies have shown that it would be a boon for the economy. Indeed, in 2004 the Congressional Budget Office weighed the potential increased spending on Social Security and other benefits against the increased savings from other programs like Medicare and Medicaid. They found that if all states were to legalize marriage equality, it would boost the federal budget by $10 billion over 10 years. Other reports have found that legalizing marriage equality would improve state budgets as well. The Williams Institute estimates that marriage equality would add $21.7 million to Alabama’s economy over the first three years.

Alabama’s opponents of marriage equality were left scrambling after a judge ruled two weeks ago that the state’s ban on same-sex marriage violated both Equality Protection and Due Process protections. The decision is temporarily stayed, pending appeal. It is set to take effect on February 9th.

Marsh was first elected to the Alabama State Senate in 1998. He is currently serving his second term as the President Pro Tempore after being unanimously re-elected by his colleagues.",1
3262,GOP Senator David Perdue Jokes About Praying for Obama’s Death,"The freshman senator from Georgia quoted scripture at a right-wing Christian confab to say the president's days should be short.

Sen. David Perdue, a freshman senator from Georgia, opened his remarks at the Faith & Freedom Coalition’s Road to Majority conference by encouraging attendees to pray for President Obama. But, he added in a joking tone, they need to pray for him in a very specific way: “We should pray for him like Psalms 109:8 says: Let his days be few, and let another have his office,” the senator said, smiling wryly.

The rest of that passage, which Perdue did not recite, reads, “May his children be fatherless and his wife a widow. May his children be wandering beggars; may they be driven from their ruined homes.”

“Let the creditor seize all that he has, and let strangers plunder his labor. Let there be none to extend mercy to him, nor let there be any to favor his fatherless children. Let his posterity be cut off, and in the generation following let their name be blotted out,” it continues.

Perdue’s joke drew immediate criticism. Adam Jentleson, a spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, tweeted, “Republican Senator David Perdue is praying for President Obama to die. This is why Trump is the GOP nominee.”

As the Washington Post’s Dave Weigel pointed out, conservatives have long invoked this verse in the yearning for an end to Obama’s days in office. A Christian Science Monitor report from November 16, 2009, detailed the popularity of bumper stickers that read simply, “Pray for Obama: Psalm 109:8.”

The Road to Majority conference brings together top leaders in the social-conservative world, as well as prominent elected Republicans. Shortly after Perdue’s speech, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and top Trump adviser Sen. Jeff Sessions spoke. Donald Trump will keynote the event later today.

“Senator Perdue said we are called to pray for our country, for our leaders, and for our president. He in no way wishes harm towards our president and everyone in the room understood that. However, we should add the media to our prayer list because they are pushing a narrative to create controversy and that is exactly what the American people are tired of.”",1
4490,State Department says it can't find emails from Clinton IT specialist,"The State Department told the Republican National Committee that it could not find any emails to or from Hillary Clinton's former IT specialist, who managed her private email server during her tenure as secretary of state before going on to work for the agency, according to a court filing made public Monday.



The government's revelation in U.S. District Court in Washington came in answer to a lawsuit by the Republican National Committee. The RNC had sued over its public records request for all work-related emails sent to or received by Clinton's former aide, Bryan Pagliano, between 2009 and 2013, the years of Clinton's tenure as America's top diplomat. The lawsuit also pressed for other State Department records from the Clinton era.

The RNC's filing said lawyers for the agency had informed them in discussions that ""the State Department has represented that no responsive records exist"" for any Pagliano emails. Pagliano was hired at the agency after reportedly setting up Clinton's server in 2009, but the lack of any official State Department emails raises the question whether he limited his email traffic using a private account, much like Clinton did during her four years as secretary, or whether his government emails were deleted.



A State Department official said Monday that the agency possessed emails from Pagliano from the period after Clinton's term had ended, when he continued to work as a technology contractor.

Agency spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau then added Monday evening that some Pagliano emails dating from Clinton's tenure had been recovered from agency officials' files and turned over to other organizations, including Senate investigators.



""We have previously produced through FOIA and to Congress emails sent and received by Mr. Pagliano during Secretary Clinton's tenure,"" Trudeau said in a public statement. At least one email, which was sent in November 2012 to Clinton from Pagliano -- but possibly from his private email address -- was released as part of 30,000 Clinton emails made public by the agency over the past year.



A spokesman for the RNC said the organization stood by its description of the discussions with lawyers for the State Department. The group said in its filing that ""the State Department has represented that no responsive records exist.""



Raj Shah, the RNC spokesman, added, ""It's hard to believe that an IT staffer who set up Hillary Clinton's reckless email server never sent or received a single work-related email in the four years he worked at the State Department."" Clinton's campaign officials declined to comment in response to questions from The Associated Press.



Trudeau said the State Department is working with Congress and several public records requesters to provide relevant material. She also said agency officials continue to search for ""Mr. Pagliano's emails, which the department may have otherwise retained."" Trudeau also said the department would respond further to the RNC in court.



State Department officials told Senate investigators last year they could not find a file containing Pagliano's work emails during Clinton's tenure, an assertion first reported by Politico.



Fox News reported in March that Pagliano has revealed several details about Clinton's personal email system to investigators, including who had access to it– as well as when and what devices were used. An intelligence source close to the case told Fox News that Pagliano has been a ""devastating witness"" to Clinton.

The one email sent by Pagliano that surfaced among Clinton's 30,000 emails was sent to Clinton was a November 2012 birthday greeting. He wished her ""Happy Birthday Madam Secretary. To many more!""



Pagliano's email address was censored, unlike numerous official State Department addresses that are listed in Clinton's emails -- suggesting he may have sent the message from a private address.

Clinton did not reply directly to Pagliano. Instead, she sent a copy of an email to an aide with the instruction ""Pls respond.""

 

 The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4021,"In Ethiopia, Obama seeks progress on peace, security in East Africa","ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia —President Obama convened a meeting with the leaders of several East African nations and the African Union on Monday in an effort to address the worsening situation in South Sudan, even as he met with Ethiopia’s prime minister to discuss how to strengthen human rights and democratic institutions here.

With no resolution in sight for the ongoing conflict in South Sudan, Obama brought together top officials from Ethiopia, Uganda, Kenya, Sudan and the A.U. to chart out a strategy in the event that the latest round of peace talks fail.

African nations, led by Ethiopia, have been trying to broker a peace in South Sudan through the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), a regional body, and are almost ready to present a possible compromise to the warring parties. The two sides will have until Aug. 17 to respond to the proposal, but administration officials have little expectation that they will accept it.

On Monday, Obama praised the regional leaders for showing “extraordinary leadership in trying to address the continuing situation in South Sudan.” The group included Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn, Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni, Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta, African Union Chairperson Dlamini Zuma and Sudan’s minister of foreign affairs, Ibrahim Ghandour.

“This gives me and the U.S. delegation an opportunity to learn from them what progress has been made, where there appears to be continued roadblocks and how we can partner with them to make progress,” Obama said. “Our hope is that we can actually bring about the kind of peace that the people of South Sudan so desperately need.”

The question of South Sudan — a nation that the United States helped bring into existence in 2011 after years of effort by both the George W. Bush and Obama administrations — has vexed American policymakers for years.

In December 2013, South Sudan President Salva Kiir accused Riek Machar, who had served as his vice president, of attempting a coup d’etat. The two had been longtime political rivals from different ethnic groups — Kiir is Dinka, Machar is a Nuer — who had come together to form a government when the country was first created.

While tribal differences have helped fuel the conflict, the war has been largely focused on control of the nation’s oil fields, South Sudan’s primary source of revenue.

Princeton Lyman, U.S. special envoy for Sudan and South Sudan from 2011 to 2013, noted that when he first took over as envoy, the United States had spent $10 billion on peacekeeping and other assistance for the two nations, “and that was four years ago… This is a big investment,” he added.

At this point, more than 2.5 million people are facing food shortages, while roughly 1.5 million are displaced from their homes. An additional 520,000 South Sudanese have fled across the border into neighboring countries, including Ethiopia.

The conflict also poses a major economic problem for Kenya, which had major investments in South Sudan before the fighting broke out. The LAPSSET Corridor project was aimed at transporting oil from South Sudan to the Kenyan port of Lamu, and according to E.J. Hogendoorn, deputy program director for Africa at the International Crisis Group, the planned transportation and infrastructure development could have been an “engine of development"" for many parts of East Africa. ""Unfortunately, of course, that’s on hold because of the war,” he said.

While Obama spent part of the afternoon addressing a regional conflict in Africa, he devoted the rest of the day to strengthening ties with Ethiopia, whose alliance with the United States dates back more than a century. But the current government has come under sharp criticism for its treatment of political opponents and journalists.

Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit Ethiopia.

In a news conference Monday afternoon, both Obama and Hailemariam said they had a frank discussion about Ethiopia's human rights practices and the need for improvement. Ethiopia is Africa’s number two jailer of journalists, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists, and its ruling party won 100 percent of the seats in May’s parliamentary elections.

White House national security adviser Susan Rice, asked last week whether she considered Ethiopia a democracy, replied, with irony: “One hundred percent.”

But during the news conference Obama twice referred to the Ethiopian government as “democratically elected.”

“I don’t bite my tongue,” Obama said of raising concerns on these issues with Ethiopia. “But I do so from a position of respect.”

Hailemariam, for his part, said, “Our commitment to democracy is real, not skin deep.”

But he added later that people could not expect sweeping reforms given the fact that military rule ended just a couple of decades ago. “Something has to be understood: This is a fledgling democracy.”

The two leaders also discussed their collaboration on counterterrorism, an area in which Ethiopia has been an active leader. The White House announced Monday it will “work with Congress to provide approximately $465 million” this year in new training, equipment and capacity-building aid to its African allies.

The administration also said it would provide at least $40 million in assistance this fiscal year to combat violent extremism in East Africa. The money is intended to foster collaboration among security forces, law enforcement, government officials, community leaders and members of civil society, officials said.

Obama praised Ethiopia’s work to curb extremist activity but noted that its government had labeled some opposition groups as posing a greater threat than U.S. intelligence would indicate. “Our intelligence indicates while they may oppose the government, they have not tipped into terrorism,” he said.

The United States provides more than $600 million in assistance to Ethiopia annually. The vast bulk of that — $490 million — comes from the U.S. Agency for International Development, while the rest is largely security-related. Last fiscal year, nearly $200 million went to health programs, while $163 million went to humanitarian aid.

Obama said Ethiopia “has proven itself a global leader” on development and over the past 15 years “has lifted millions of people out of poverty.”

“To many people around the world, their image of Ethiopia remains stuck in the past, remembering drought and famine,” he said.

The two leaders appeared to have a friendly rapport throughout the news conference. Hailemariam described his country as scoring a series of firsts: Along with being “the cradle of mankind,” he said, “Ethiopia is the birthplace of coffee.” That elicited a smile from Obama.

Obama said he was impressed by the Ethiopian’s unusual pets. “I had a chance to see the famous lions that live on the grounds,"" he said. ""I’m considering getting some for the White House.” But he conceded that before he did that, “I’ll have to make sure my dogs are safe.”",1
4330,Jeb Bush Is Suddenly Attacking Trump. Here's Why That Matters,"Jeb Bush Is Suddenly Attacking Trump. Here's Why That Matters

Jeb Bush isn't pulling punches anymore when it comes to Donald Trump.

The former Florida governor has delicately danced around the billionaire businessman in the 2016 presidential primary so far. But the gloves came off this week when Bush called out Trump as a closet Democrat. He was trying to stunt Trump's rise while attempting to recover his own political mojo.

""What Jeb is desperately trying to do is find his swagger right now,"" GOP strategist Ford O'Connell said. ""The knock against Jeb is that he's low voltage and not willing to fight. The best way to shake those perceptions it to engage against the person who is in the media on a 24/7 loop.""

It's a change from Bush's approach to this point. He hasn't lobbed many direct attacks at Trump other than delicately condemning his criticism of Arizona Sen. John McCain's war service and his attacks against Fox News' Megyn Kelly.

Even in this month's first debate, Bush swatted down a story that he had allegedly called Trump a ""buffoon"" and a ""clown,"" saying only that Trump's language had been ""divisive."" Trump called Bush ""a true gentleman.""

The detente ended this week. So far, most of the top-tier candidates have avoided directly attacking Trump, treating him with kid gloves so as not to anger the part of the GOP base to which Trump appeals.

In other words, the very voters they need when, they hope, Trump fades.

In split-screen New Hampshire town halls this week, Bush and Trump volleyed attacks on each other. Bush took his most pointed jabs at the current front-runner, underscoring Trump's past history as a Democrat and the liberal positions he used to hold.

""Mr. Trump doesn't have a proven conservative record,"" Bush said, according to the Washington Post. ""He was a Democrat longer in the last decade than he was a Republican. He has given more money to Democrats than he's given to Republicans.""

Bush went on to attack Trump over his hard-line immigration proposal, arguing it was not just ""vitriolic"" but would have a massive price tag.

""Hundreds of billions of dollars of costs to implement his plans is not a conservative plan,"" Bush said. ""This is going to be my pitch: Let's support someone who you don't have to guess where he stands because he's consistent, because he's been governor, he's consistently had the views that he has.""

Over the next few days, Bush continued the hits on social media.

But Trump, never one to miss a moment to retaliate, didn't pull his punches, either. At his own town hall Wednesday, Trump blasted Bush as an unelectable ""low-energy person.""

""You know what's happening to Jeb's crowd just down the street? They're sleeping!"" Trump said to applause.

Since then, Trump has also ramped up his attacks against Bush on Twitter.

The move to more hot rhetoric may have tripped Bush up, though. Consider his use of the phrase ""anchor babies."" While immigration reform is something Bush is passionate about — and has even written a book about — he's often criticized within the GOP as too liberal on the issue. Instead, a more combative Bush appeared to use the loaded phrase for the first time.

He was left struggling to defend his use of it. It may have been a signal that the attack-dog crouch he's taking is still one that isn't completely comfortable to Bush, who earlier said he wanted to campaign ""joyfully.""

Other candidates have embraced hitting Trump. Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul went after him forcefully in the debate, though his punch — that Trump was hedging his bets to support Hillary Clinton if she wins the presidency — didn't appear to land.

Other candidates like Ohio Gov. John Kasich demurred. In the earlier GOP debate that night, former Texas Gov. Rick Perry and businesswoman Carly Fiorina also jabbed at Trump.

Bush, though, needs to close the floodgates. He's dropped in national polls as Trump has risen. And, in New Hampshire, where Bush once led, Trump and even newcomer Kasich have seen surges.

Cullen, a former New Hampshire GOP chairman, said the change in tone and tactics was a smart move for Bush, one that could help him in the Granite State.

""I think it's good politics for Jeb,"" said Fergus Cullen, a former New Hampshire Republican Party chairman. ""There's 25 percent of the Republicans who are entertained by Donald Trump. But there's 60 percent of the party who say they won't vote for him under any circumstances. Those aren't Jeb Bush's people to begin with. He's trying to appeal to the other 60 percent by being the adult in the room and trying to govern.""

O'Connell agreed. He pointed out that even if this new approach is one that's uncomfortable for Bush, it's necessary.

""In a lot of elections, being the studious one would have worked,"" he said, ""but Trump has flipped the script.""",1
